January 05 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I look upon you and love you and bless your path. My Love remains with you. Only those who follow the path of love experience the presence of God in their lives. Love for my Son centers them and leads them in obedience to overcome the events of each moment. My beloved ones: my Son, despised and pilgrim, knocks on the door of the Heart of each of His children and finds no hospitality; on the contrary, human greed knows no bounds, for even recognizing Him, they close the door to Him time and again. My children go to meet the enemy of the soul, they give themselves to him, wrapping themselves in what is temporal and putting their trust in earthly assurances, because they are free to do so. Do not forget that nothing is impossible for God when a person repents of sins with a firm intention to improve. Children, I see you from on high, and there I see each of you individually: your path, your aspirations, the truth and how much you trust each other, how kind and obedient you are to the Word of God. My beloved, wisdom is a pearl that is difficult to acquire. He who is wise recognizes his Creator and does not abandon him, rather he knows that he is like the sun, the inside of which is not seen directly, but rather only its outer circle is seen, it is known that it always shines fully, even if it is not seen, because its brilliance is too great, and he loves this light that gives him what he needs.... so man must love the will of my Son and not conflict with it. Everyone has a personal mission, and some chosen ones have a mission that brings good to all mankind. The step of humanity stops before free will and human considerations that are unthinking, which leads to the Will of God being forgotten and supplanted by personal desires. Humanity forgets that misused free will obliges Divine Justice to act when human will opposes Divinity. Such is the disposition of man: to walk with free will, forgetting the mission that has been entrusted to each of you. This is how the Church of my Son walks, from bitter cup to bitter cup, from warning to warning, until she faces herself and experiences the pain of awareness of the evil she has committed. This warning is not symbolism, it is a reality that everyone will face. Human lamentation will not wait before the shadow of death on earth without trembling and responding before my call. Beloved children: with such ease you forget who you are and forget what the call of those who are Mine is! You quickly give up before the slightest controversy, because you do not recognize the Divine Love that redeemed you. You despise every act of mercy of the Father's House, and the human will knows no bounds, constantly offending My Son. He is at the door of this generation and will come to you without warning, and you will be surprised. Humanity is plunging into an endless battle, against each other in your free will, and violence, its product, will exercise its power, galloping over all of humanity. The great Goliath of this moment: nuclear energy, will rush at everyone like the shadow of death. The enemy of the soul is celebrating its victory. My children, in an act of supreme violence, will attack each other like strangers. God's mercy before a stupefied humanity, without values, which despises My Son, will witness plague after plague. Pray, children, the volcanoes are awakening with severity, and those who are Mine will suffer. Pray for Italy, for the United States, and pray for Guatemala. The fish, altered by radioactivity, will come to shore so that man will see the damage he has done, but man, indifferent, will continue to advance his violence. Pray that the Church will suffer beyond measure. Pray, the waters will move and rush inland, and man will suffer. Beloved, trust and love the will of my Son, let you not be overwhelmed by fear, but by the desire for Salvation, exert yourselves to fully fulfill the requests from on high. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: the Mother does not come to those who are hers to instill fear in them, but to warn them and to return them to the right path. Beloved, pray for the innocents who will suffer in this unprecedented attack, London will suffer. Human selfishness is not weakening, but rather strengthening. You who love my Son, do not lose heart, pray and make amends, living in God's Will through the deeds and works of each moment. Do not forget that from on high comes blessing; just as manna descended upon the people in the wilderness, so too in the wilderness of free will, again the people of my Son will be blessed with new manna that will guide them, so that not all will be lost and will come to the knowledge of the truth. My beloved ones: I bless you just now, I bless you diligently, so that you will not be lost, but will abide on the path, confident in my protection. Remain attentive to My calls, do not despise the path that My Son has laid out for each of you. My Heart is the Ark of Salvation for the faithful, and my Love embraces all. I love you, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 10 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, from the depths of my maternal love, I see mankind before a great iceberg, shaped in its essence by the will of man, which is debauched and does not respect all that my Son has given you. Man will not be able to circumvent the iceberg with his human will alone, not until he meets his Lord and his God, as each moment strengthens him and grows more. On so many occasions, I have called upon you to look within yourselves and transcend what is human, so that you may gradually enter the true path that leads to my Son, the principle of which is complete and absolute detachment from all that is worldly and liberal in senses tainted by the forces of evil that imprison man in the muds of sin and spiritual, moral and social depravity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you, by the will of man, have created this iceberg, which you strengthen with every act that goes beyond the mark of my Son, every human denial and every disobedience that leads man to fall into the mud of wild instincts, worse than animals. The man of this moment is unrecognizable; he is not the man the Father created, nor the one my Son redeemed; rather, he is a man completely devoid of the roots of love for all that is divine and united to a false love that was created by the enemy of the soul. This enemy has drawn man to himself by force. My beloved children, true Christians are those who adhere to the Gospel, finding truth and rest in the Commandments, and the fulfillment of the Father's Will in the Sacraments. Beloved children, be aware of every sentence of our Father and be aware of how you profess faith in my Son. Be conscious of the words of the Creed, do not recite it from memory, but live it in your conscience. My beloved ones, in consecration my Son transforms bread and wine into his Body, Soul and Divinity, so that they are the food that nourishes you spiritually and gives you what you need to continue to face the worldly things that see you as beings different from others. A martyr is not only one who dies physically, defending the faith, but also one who gives himself up at once to fulfill the Divine Desires and Divine Will, disregarding the mockery and criticism of his brothers and sisters when he does the right thing. Do not worry, my children, for you will not find ultimate greatness on earth, but in the home of my Son, where He will prepare His table for you and a place is reserved for you at the table of the heavenly banquet. My beloved ones, how many mock my calls and my messages past and present! These are those who have not been able to enter and see in these moments the fulfillment of these calls and messages, for man's fear leads him to deny the divine events that are foretold to him. Distrust of what is coming leads you to repudiate the truth and feel threatened before what is foretold to purify you, especially the purification of your environment and your economic security. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, nature finds man completely indifferent to her. Man, in total free will, is indifferent to the will of the Father. This is the beginning of what was foretold by me. The Church of my Son has fallen in spirit, it is a church of appearances, it is not strongly spiritual, it has not prepared man spiritually with such firmness, how to overcome all that he will find at the end of this generation. My children, my Son is coming for His people, for a people of faith and love, of trust and obedience to His word, for a people who will follow Him wherever He goes to meet His own later, and who will stand firm on earth to meet Him, being faithful without fear or denial. My beloved ones, do not forget that the instrument is ink, and the one who directs the hand is my Son. My beloved ones, do not be misled, do not seek what is my Son in the world, toil and seek what is right and put aside everything that delays you in meeting my Son. You are my pearls, you are my joy, you are my hope, for I will never set aside the hope and decision of goodness that you possess, because, being called to perdition by the current of evil, you refused out of love for my Son. Pray, my beloved, pray, and Brazil will be shaken.... (note, the Blessed Mother interrupted and at that moment took me to see the great slum neighborhoods on which the water was falling, my pain was greater when I saw that the innocent were suffering unexpectedly...) My beloved, how I bless you and how I suffer for all humanity! My Son needs people who are united, strengthened and united to the Will of God. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 12 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved ones, you are the pupil of my eye and I love you all. All of you are needed in My Kingdom. I bless and protect the way, I cleanse the murky waters, so that your passage may be more bearable and easier. My beloveds, like the toes of my hand, all are needed in my missions, except that those who think they are needed must understand that for me the one who is needed is the one who lives, works and acts according to my Father's will; the one who is humble is needed by me; the one who is proud will be rejected, not by me, but by his own pride. In my Kingdom, my affairs are based on love, mercy, hope and faith. He who accompanies me will find in these four virtues the solution to everything that is put in his way, but he who is proud will not accept my word, my advice or my help until he stands before his enlarged human ego, and there he meets himself and judges himself harshly. My beloveds, he who considers himself the first will be the last, and the last will be the first. You know that I give the same payment to the one who comes in the first hour as I do to the one who comes in the last hour of the afternoon, but for this you need your unwavering faith in me and sincere repentance. My children, this is a generation that has the radiance of my Holy Spirit within its reach, and for this reason the enemy of the soul is in constant battle against my people. A spiritual battle that he wants to win at all costs, bringing a snare to every person, destroying hearts and breaking up families, killing innocence, perverting youth, polluting childhood and degrading the mind of man so that he is incapable of love. And do you know why? Because love is the greatest virtue that man can possess, because in possessing my Divine Love, man becomes more like me. In love, in my Love, man finds completeness, and the killing of love leads to man losing the graces proper to him as one who is created in the image and likeness of my Father. The lack of love in man leads to despising my Mother and... ... it is She who is leading the battle against the infernal enemy at this moment.... it is She who commands the hosts of heaven. I have entrusted them to Her, and that is why Satan hardens man to despise My Mother, to deny what I have entrusted to Her, to stand by mankind and defend it, and to lead you by the hand from revelation to revelation until you realize that 'I am Who I am' and that She is My Mother, the Holy Vessel, the Ark of the Covenant, the Morning Star, the Advocate and Intercessor of Christians. Beloved children, in this generation, in which the Holy Spirit is spreading His gifts everywhere, evil is spreading its followers all over the earth, has left hell empty and scattered demons over the earth, so that all men forget Me and fight fiercely against each other, to the point of killing each other. This is not my will, this is not my love, this is not my generation, these are not my children, you must not act this way.... my beloved ones, my Love is infinite, but the burden of sin pours the last drop on this implacable humanity, on this humanity that tramples and forgets me.... I love you, I remain with you until the last moment when you remain in the world, but you are not part of the world, you must be the salt of the earth. You, my beloved, must be the water that refreshes on its way and makes everything it touches turn green. The heart and mind of man are so barren that I see them very cracked, and all because of the lack of my Love.... oh perverse generation, in which every man gives my Love his own meaning! ... and my Love is one and is not subject to changes of persons. The lack of truth among you leads you to fall very low. The earth has been contaminated so much and the sun, the sun is breaking it down to its depths. The sun's rays are reaching the earth every moment, each time with greater force and with greater contamination for the earth. Soon, children, the moment will come when the sun will pour out all its fury on the planet. There will be an explosion so strong that you, on your knees, will be convinced that you are nothing without me. Science will see that all its scientific advances have been reduced to nothing, and man, man who is not spiritual and has no faith, will wander the streets in despair, losing even his memory when he feels that he has been reduced to nothing. You, my people, who follow me, who abide by my side, prepare yourselves for the coming events. You, who have obeyed my orders, my summons and my Mother's calls, issued earlier for this moment, in which my House warned you of radioactive contamination, are witnesses to how many have laughed at me and my calls. You, my people, who follow me, who abide by my side, prepare yourselves for the coming events. You who have obeyed my orders, my summonses and my Mother's calls, issued earlier for this moment, in which my House warned you about radioactive contamination, you have witnessed how many have mocked me and my summonses. And you have seen how in an instant, with a seismic movement, radioactivity enters with increasing force and contaminates everything, the waters, the air, the earth itself, man and this, this contamination is one of the horsemen of the Apocalypse, which will proceed and will not stay in one place. Man will understand that nuclear energy is one of the great plagues that he has created against himself. My beloved ones, do not be careless, volcanoes will erupt one by one, and geography will change. I love you infinitely, more than you yourselves believe that I love you, more than you feel that I love you. I love you in spirit and truth, but you still refuse to follow me, and I, the beggar of love, continue from heart to heart, not paying your attention to the signs of the moment. You have been warned, because I do not act without warning my people. The Middle East will enter the storm, and the world will look on with indifference at so much death. My poor children, those who believe that what is far away does not reach them! For the inexorable grip of communism will fall on America, and especially bring pain to the United States. My beloved ones, pray, pray for the American people. My beloved ones, your President must fall to his knees before me, his power is earthly, and mine, heavenly and divine; his pride will be tamed in an instant by my House. My beloveds, pray for my beloved Argentina. Pray, this land will weep, and then, like a bride bedecked with jewels, it will receive blessings from My House. My beloved ones, do not forget your brothers and sisters who are suffering at this time for professing the faith, especially those in the Middle East, where the pain will grow and will not subside, because the violence of man in the Middle East goes beyond man himself. It is dominated by those who rule the countries. My people, how I suffer for you! How you should give me so much! And how you deny me so much! Come back to me quickly, for time is not time, and this is the moment of my second coming. Do not deny my tools, which I use to proclaim the truth to the whole world, to speak for the one who is silent, to proclaim what is hidden by those who should speak the truth. These are not moments of superficiality, these are moments of calling my people to unity, of calling them to prayer with strength, these are moments of hardship, because my children must work and act according to my will, not according to their free will. I do not desire golden calves, these I will destroy in an instant, I desire hearts and consciences alert to my calls and ready to fulfill my commands and my word. You are at critical moments where the great spiritual battle is being fought without the consciousness of man, without a clear conscience and faith strong and firm in me. I will return soon, but before my return I will confront each of you with your conscience, so that you will see yourselves as you are. This Act of Mercy from My House precedes My Second Coming. Be attentive, for I, with My Heart open and My hands outstretched toward you, am sending new manna for this generation. Be attentive to My Word through My instruments and discern which of them are My true instruments, for not all who tell you to return to Me are My true instruments. I love you, I come for you, and my Mother, with her womb full of love to receive and shelter you, remains attentive to the word of each of you. Go, looking to the Heavens. What will make the earth shake is approaching, but before all the truth that I must communicate to you out of love remains my Mercy, which is infinite for those contrite and humble hearts that turn to me. I am waiting for you, I bless you. My people will triumph. I do not abandon you, nor does my Mother abandon you. I love you, I bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 15 2014 - Holy Archangels
Beloved people of our King and Lord, we, the companions of your journey, call upon you to abide in faith, united in one heart. Do not despise the words that have come from Heaven to show you the path you are to follow. At this moment, Satan and his demonic legions have swooped down on the entire globe and on all people, leaving no one out, in search of loot, which they will hand over to the antichrist at Satan's command. He will use the bodies of the dead in total sin to perform false miracles before the amazement of a humanity hungry for all that it does not know. Our beloved ones, let us continue to accompany you on this path where everything is raging for man, as he has used everything our King has given him to create greater enmity between humanity and the eternal Father's house. Man's heart, thoughts and mind have been heavily infiltrated by evil, pouring violence inside man, who will come to commit horribly heinous acts against the gift of life. At this time, our protection and assistance to you is to continue to listen with fidelity to the call for a new spiritual birth, which must come by leaps and bounds, because every person will be shaken before the events of every nature, and the institution of the Church of Our King will be greatly shaken by those infiltrated Freemasons who want the fall of the Church, in order to hand it over to an imposter. Remain vigilant, and for this you must keep the faith in constant growth, you cannot stop and think that the faith you have at the moment is enough, no! You must remain with continuous spiritual nourishment and with a readiness to grow without stopping. We have been entrusted to guard in the nation of our King the armor of faith; only in this way will you resist what is coming, but you must be ready and go under the sun that does not burn you, under the rain that does not soak you, under the storms that do not melt you, under the snow that does not freeze, because he who lives united in the Holy Spirit possesses every gift and every virtue, so that no obstacle will stop him. Our beloved ones, as companions on your journey we will remain, not distancing ourselves from you. What distances us from humanity is the constant sin and lack of commitment to correct your sins, but be assured that our help goes beyond being at your side. We have a great mission to take you and present you before our King, so that you will share eternal joy with Him. And you who continue to walk in faith, at the end of this spiritual struggle that remains active, you who do not see it or do not perceive it, at the end you will see with joy in your soul that every effort has borne its fruit and you will reap the greatest harvest that every person who loves our King desires. Our King will triumph, and you, faithful people, will triumph with Him. Do not reject the calls of our Queen, it is she who commands our heavenly hosts, and he who lives sheltered and protected under her mantle, he who walks hand in hand with her to a safe haven. All of you remain in the love and peace of our King and Lord. Your brothers, Saint Michael the Archangel, Saint Gabriel the Archangel and Saint Raphael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 19 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, at this moment, when My Love has been hidden and despised by man, I come again and again, without respite, without stopping before constant human denials. Anyone who falls into sin and gives in to temptation without thinking, not thoughtlessly, but with total complacency, is a thorn, a nail, a whip, a spit, a spear.... and crosses me anew. My children have been formed to see Me resurrected, glorious and distant. On the other hand, I remain present before each of those I love, suffering constantly for their sins and refusals of My Kingdom. My Holy Spirit dwells in everyone; some grieve Him, others love Him and make amends; I do not remain far from My people. I am Mercy and Love; I do not deny forgiveness to one who turns to Me with genuine regret for his actions, with a firm and resolute intention to improve. My children deny My Justice, that is what has been given to My people. My Mercy precedes my Justice. I do not desire a people numerous, gathered in My Name, and not knowing My Commandments and My Truths. They place themselves before Me for appearances. I want My People to be aware of what displeasure My Human Heart causes Me and how much it hurts Me and My Mother. My Justice contains my Mercy; if it were not so, I myself would be opposed to my Love. My people know me less than they think they do, and it is on the basis of this ignorance, passed down from generation to generation, that they want to place conditions on me. If a person does not repent for the wrong use of his free will, he is not worthy to enter My House, even if I still call him a son. Everyone is my child, but not everyone realizes God's Will in their lives... life is a blessing, but the development and growth of life is the responsibility of every person. My beloved ones, how much suffering is approaching you! And how my Heart aches for it, and you do not see it, because you do not allow me to vibrate and beat within you! You deny my Mercy, which is my attribute.... my Justice is absolute, vibrating in my simplicity and perfection. Man refuses to accept My Justice, and I delight in Justice. I reject that which is impure and harmful. The manifestation of My Divinity is My Wrath against sin and against man's continued persistence in sin. Man has put on a mask against sin in order to allow the inner and outer destruction of man and what surrounds him. I desire children of integrity, aware that just as the promised land is needed by My people, so hell is needed by those who work and act against My will. My beloved ones, in these moments I look at the earth and not all the lamps are lit, the oil is tainted, and my spirit ignored, not preached to the depths, so that sinners will correct themselves and not act against their nature. My people, my wrath remains against all those who persist in denying my Justice. As watchmen, be vigilant and do not stray from the path. I am the Truth and the Life. My people have not offended Me before as much as at this moment, when they have transformed Me according to the whim and convenience of those who speak in My name. You want to silence the voice of my messengers, so that my lethargic people surrender to the clutches of evil; this moment is not another moment, it is a moment of moments in which the sinners of the world fight against my true instruments, who cry out to my people to return to my truth. Beloved children, you are victims of the global interests of one power, interests that have infiltrated my church in the guise of my Mercy, to keep my people ignorant. Remain ready to be aware that you are more than flesh, you are more than the body you look upon with indifference. Beloved, in the order of my creation, man emanates his ego, tainted by sins and frustrations unloaded in the abuse of capital and contempt for life. Creation is one with me and speaks to man..., volcanoes are awakening, pray for Indonesia and Italy. The earth is shaking, pray for Central America, pray for Russia. Rumors of war have been dimmed and man will fall victim to war unprepared, pray for the Middle East. My children will find no sustenance outside my Will. The plague has been unleashed, denied and hidden by those responsible, pray for Japan. Do not fear, my legions remain with my people, with those who struggle to turn away from sin. Everyone walks through life with a guardian angel, and that guardian angel will assist them. Blessings will descend from My House. Smoothing the way, my people will live in my joy; you will be one in my Love, I will be your King and you will be my people. My Love shall be in all, and all shall be in Me. I bless you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 20 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. Be assured that I intercede for you, especially at this time, when I cry out with all my might to my Divine Son, for all mankind. People do not know my maternal love, and my maternal love interceded so that the hand of my Son did not descend sooner. How you insult me! How you dishonor me! But I, like my Son, continue to love you without respite with infinite love. The earth will creak from its bowels, great faults will creak. The earth will shake until man comes to ask for pardon and calls upon his Father by name. My beloveds, how great is the foolishness of man that he refuses to see himself as he is! In his constant images of divinity, man closes the path of eternal Salvation to himself. At this moment you proclaim only the love of my Son, but if Divine Love prevails, then Divine Justice is at the same time part of this Divine Love. My beloved ones, how man turns against man, against his fellow human beings, snatching the lives of millions and millions of innocent creatures! This is the very grave sin of this generation, for by despising life, they opened the door to the evils of libertinism and greed, and used what was given for the good of humanity against humanity itself. The plagues that mankind mostly suffered were a consequence of man himself. At the moment, what mankind suffers is unknown to mankind itself, because the consequences of this suffering are not visible at the moment, but will be later, because they will start reactions in the human body, just as you see at the moment in fish and other species of the animal kingdom; innocents who suffer from the consequences of human greed. Another nuclear power plant will be shaken, spreading even more contamination .... woe to my people! ... woe to my children! ... woe to those who will suffer at the hands of the powerful, who cannot see beyond their selfishness! My beloved ones, do not turn away from my Son, do not turn away from my protection, I abide with my children, just as my Divine Son entrusted to me. Be steadfast, do not fear what is coming, abide in the confidence that my Son keeps his promises and that I do not abandon the people of my Son. This people are all those who do the will of the Father, for it is not only the one who says: 'Lord, Lord! ' will enter the Kingdom of Heaven. My beloved ones, as the Mother of all mankind, I call upon you to continue to pray, to continue this practical prayer, which is the constant witness of each of those who are mine. With your witness you proclaim and show who dwells in you. You already know that from Heaven will descend all that is needed for those who cry out for blessing. My Son respects free will, but he who is aware of what a limited human being is, he who falls to his knees and cries out for Divine Protection. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, watch over one another, love one another, take each step aware that you will soon face that moment when before my Son you will see this journey of your personal works and deeds. My beloved ones, so many events are approaching! And do not await them with fear, but with joy, that he who perseveres will enjoy eternal life. You must await what is coming with joy, that one who is ground and purified like steel in the fire, that one is chosen to be a witness to the love of my Son. You must await what is coming with holy patience and with full readiness, so that God's Will may be fulfilled in each of you, aware that momentary urgings and therefore total surrender to the calls of my Son will bring you an increase in faith and an increase in the blessings of the Holy Spirit, so that you may discern with clarity and be helped to persevere. Do not be careless, remember that the enemy of man has stopped lurking. At this moment he has unfolded his legions of evil over the whole earth, in search of those who walk, wandering, not bearing my Son in their hearts. Do not deny the fulfillment of divine predictions, be open-minded people and perceive with availability the signs of this moment. I, as Mother and Queen, urge you to pray unceasingly, do not diminish your love for my Son, but above all I urge you to humbly ask for the help of the Holy Spirit, so that He may guide you to clear discernment and so that those who wish to mislead the people of my Son may not mislead you. Unite yourselves in the love of my Son and wait with holy patience, for what my Son has announced will be fulfilled and the blessing for His people will come completely. Do not be afraid, children, do not be afraid. You are children of the King of Heaven and Earth, you are the faithful, holy remnant. Do not give way, my hand leads you lovingly to meet Divine love. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 25 2014 - Holy Archangels
Our beloved ones, a cloud of confusion covers the earth, not seeing that all species are alerting it to what is coming. Man's detachment from the Eternal Father's creation is part of the greatest rebellion that human beings have experienced in this generation since they came to know the sacrifice of the God-Man for the Salvation of mankind. Man has been ennobled by the Holy Spirit, a Divine gift from on high, at once supreme and gracious, who does not abandon his own supreme help.... Man received a Mother who was given to him at the foot of the Cross as the Ark of the New Covenant and Advocate for her children before her Divine Son.... Divine Love pours out the outpourings of its mercy upon this generation, with man not being restrained in his actions and works by our King, but walking in complete freedom to choose for himself the path of blessing. Humans have chosen rebellion, this one is the most risky, the path of rebellion without return. You are a divine creation, but you are not acting or will not act in accordance with divinity, but rather within the framework of great human selfishness. Man, going beyond against the gift of life, with his human teaching shows himself as a superior being, to give up God as the only creative power, and man gave up God, leaving God outside.... What man has caused, but declared war on the Holy Spirit!..., hindering the public mention of Him, without understanding that the name of God, when invoked, frees, heals, protects and rules with the help of His own. Purity is purity, and he who obeys his Lord and his God lives in it. Beloved, the present generation transgresses against the law and with golden calves corrupts the innocent, for which this generation will be drowned in fire before the coming of the great night and the great war. This generation will not pass away before the dark night falls upon it. Like the wind that passes, so will the human person change, from being a child of God to being a stranger to the human will. Humanity will live in moments of constant trials. In suffering it will perish. Pray beloved, that Argentina will experience purification. Pray that man will be a reflection of God. The great cloud is advancing, and from on high the light is unexpectedly approaching the earth with speed. Beloved, we, the companions of your journey, do not abandon you, no matter how strong the struggles. Blessings be upon all creation. Pray that Heaven will send its blessings soon. Saint Michael the Archangel, Saint Gabriel the Archangel and Saint Raphael the Archangel, companions of your journey. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 31 2014 - Mother of God
From the depths of my Immaculate Heart I emanate my Love to the people of my Son. My beloved people, once again I call upon you to abide on the straight path, on the path of obedience, on the path of love of the calls of the Father's House. Do not fear, do not be afraid, knowing the coming events, fear to offend my Son, fear not to be faithful, fear not to love my Son. I, as the Mother of Humanity, extend my hand towards you to intercede for each of you. I intercede before my most holy Son, so that you may find the strength needed to proclaim and proclaim what is coming, to proclaim and proclaim what is in accord with the Will of the Holy Trinity and to condemn what is not in accord with the Will of the Holy Trinity. You receive the Word of God, you receive my Word by the Will of the Holy Trinity, and you must be grateful for it, because Heaven does not act without warning and without forewarning its own, precisely because it loves them. Man's path has been painful, and this was not the Father's purpose when He created man in His image and likeness, but man in his wickedness and in his constant rebellion in all ages and in all ages of human history has continued to rebel against the Father's Will, acting and working with his own 'ego'. This led each generation to suffer the purification of body and soul. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the events that I have foretold to you in many and many instances will be fulfilled with greater emphasis in this age, which is moving toward its end, a succession of facts and events that you know well. Volcanoes are the breaths of the earth that hold incandescent heat in their bowels, and this, this incandescent heat will spill over, and with it the emanation of noxious gases will not wait and will run through the slopes of the great volcanoes that man fears, but for which the moment of awakening has come, precisely to accelerate the purification of all mankind. You, children, in every work and deed rise to the heights like lamps that burn, or sink into the abysses along with the darkness that advances over the earth.... You children are the lantern that gives light to the earth, or the darkness that further darkens the soul of man.... You have maintained so much indifference to 'everything' that is happening, and this 'everything' is indifference to the signs of God already announced and foretold by all generations; not only are the laity disobedient, but at the same time those who had in their hands the duty to reveal My Third Secret of Fatima are disobedient.... and this disobedience continues. .. How much more open it would be for the faithful to know the truths about the divine powers that move in man! Man is not just flesh, man is a vessel chosen by the Holy Spirit, and with him the one who possesses great gifts that he does not know, because everything that seems divine is and will be rejected. My beloved, listen to my prophet, do not waste the word that was sent from Heaven through him. I bless you constantly and invite you to pray. How much pain is hovering over the earth! How much darkness is seeping into the atmosphere! But beyond the earthly globe .... Beyond the earth you will find plenty of heavenly beings ready to help you. All you have to do is call for their help, and they will come to you. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not be bewildered, but it is necessary to deepen your knowledge of the great harm that nuclear energy does, and the great harm that it will do to the entire planet, and above all to man, a child of God. Everything in the universe, everything has life, because the Father is life. My children, turn to my Son in the consecrated host. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, darkness is advancing ruthlessly over the earth, and this darkness will continue to obstruct the human mind in such a way that man will cease to think, will be guided simply by a microprocessor that will turn him into an inanimate being and, like a puppet, will be used by those who are great and powerful. I encourage you to pray greatly for my beloved land of Argentina. I encourage you to pray fervently for Costa Rica, it will suffer great trials. I encourage you to pray for Spain, it will suffer greatly. Do not forget that communism is taking over small countries, and its goal is to occupy as many countries as possible. Be aware that this is the great arm of the antichrist, but from Heaven will descend the highest blessing, not only for you, but for all mankind. Trust in my word. My children, I encourage you to pray for England, acts of terrorism will not wait, and a man of good will already sees this. The wind will pass through the earth in such a way that it will howl because of its speed, without giving man a moment. My beloved, this is a moment of tribulation, but a loving tribulation from the Father for those who are His. I will remain not behind the people of my Son, but behind those who reject my Son and continually offend Him. You, My faithful ones, walk in peace, without stumbling. Knowing well the Commandments of God's Law, you will walk with a sure step and without falling. I bless you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 02 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I love you, and next to the heavenly hosts I protect you so that you do not fall and so that you abide. You, my beloved, do not belong to the mass and world culture, man has corrupted the sense of belonging. The essence of what is coming surpasses the external, the awareness of it envelops man in a blessing that contains the universal call of my Son for souls. All, absolutely all, are children of the Father, they are in His image and likeness, because He created them. Man has created spiritual obstacles that have prevented him from walking, feeling and living as true children of the King. You have limited the development of the gifts and virtues you possess, and they have diminished, giving way to what is inadequate and inconvenient, which grieves the spirit. You limited yourselves, ignoring me as the Mother of humanity. Man has developed amidst obstacles, and these obstacles are the fruit of the ignorance in which mankind has lived in all ages. This has given rise to contempt for the prophets whom my Son has sent in all generations to announce and admonish his people by their word. My beloved ones, you should not feel pride; on the contrary, you should abide in a constant act of thanksgiving to the Father for being His children. My Son gave Himself for all mankind, not for some, but for all, to whom He gave the Holy Spirit, the one who, in these moments, calls you to reveal that you are God's children, not to hide your faith, not to participate just for the sake of participating in the Eucharist without being aware of what you are receiving, nor to pray without feeling, but with awareness, because you are men of strong will and faith who set out to discover God's love, an inexhaustible source. Do you desire to possess the wisdom to attain a Christ-like conscience? My Son says to His people: 'If you love Me, you will keep My Commandments, and I will ask the Father, and He will give you the Comforter to be with you always; the Spirit of truth, which the world cannot receive, because it does not see it and does not know it.' Jesus, my Son, invites you at this moment to be His true children, to be His disciples, living by the Commandments as the rule of life. Every child of my Son must submit to the spiritual law; laws discipline man, and the man of this moment has rejected rules and laws. He regulates them, discriminating against those who are weakest. Children, you are the bearers of the senses, and these must be spiritualized, so that in this way in holy seclusion you will perceive the divinity that is within you. Man is not just flesh and bone, but is the material that is imbued with the Divine Will. The man of this moment lives in comfort, and this has led all of you to be unaware that this leads you definitely to attachments and to bad behavior, especially towards your brothers and sisters. Satan creates a realm of attachments and limitations for man, preventing him from growing and developing what my Son gave him to be holy like Him. Discover what you have before you..., tear the veil of human impotence so that you can enter into the infinite joys of life in God's Will and thus be able to rise to meet the Comforter in His gifts and virtues. You cannot be inert and pretend to walk; he who is spiritually dead cannot give life.... beloved children, enter into inner silence and find what you are looking for on the outside; these are not moments to waste your life on superficiality, these are moments you must not lose. The enemy of the soul is approaching you, so that you will fall into his clutches and never get out of them. The arms of the antichrist tie you to pleasures and make your body sick, dominate your mind and lead you to a false perception of reality. Know my Son, His word directs you; my Son is the same yesterday, today and always. His words have been given for all times, and this is a law that does not change. My beloved ones, pray for the Church of my Son, which will experience moments of pain and confusion. Pray for Denmark, it will suffer, its land will totter. Pray for the United States, its people will lament. Do not be discouraged when nature rebels against man, for man has rebelled against his God. The earth will be greatly shaken, lands that have not been removed will be removed. Water will enter the earth and will be a plague that will plague people, a contaminated plague that will plague the flesh, and the flesh will feel it as if it were on fire. The biggest plague for man is nuclear energy, and with it contempt for the gift of life. From there, all the evil carriers of the power of the antichrist are released, and the Father's wrath will not wait for mankind controlled by decadence in every aspect. But it is you, the people of my Son, who must resist and prevail, so that your free will will will not lead you to act against your King. Help will come from Heaven to accompany the holy remnant. Do not walk aimlessly. You, my children, are being led along the right path, in the midst of tribulations and obstacles; do not lose courage, but lift up your eyes to Heaven, for help descends from the house of my Son for His faithful ones. My Son, the good shepherd, defends His sheep so that they do not fall prey to predators, if the sheep obey. Do not despise my Son, who constantly comes before you, does not abandon you no matter how strong the winds are. He walked for you, He suffered for you, He comes at His second coming for you. I, the Mother of Humanity, pray for every person, do not disregard my requests. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 09 2014 - Jesus Christ
Christ revealed these words to me: 'daughter beloved, what do you see? I see you magnificent, Christ. Now, what do you see? ... I saw that in His right hand He held humanity, and I saw many people turning their backs on Christ. I saw that in His left hand He held the earth, and next to humanity I saw a great darkness that prevailed, and then I saw the earth that went from the hand to the index finger of Christ. And Christ said to me: 'My beloved, mankind maintains a channel of vibration that emits toward the earth, and the earth receives indifference from man. This creates an imbalance in creation, in the midst of the universe on earth, and the earth is affected as part of this system.' Then he showed me that mankind sends to the earth a kind of projection of mankind itself, its feelings, actions and behaviors, and these materialize into vibrations similar to those transmitted by waves of frequency used for communication. And these waves, upon reaching the earth, made it vibrate and the earth moved. The waters overflowed onto the coast, and the sun and moon no longer shone, because the earth vibrated. Then, before this vision that shook me, he said to me: 'Tell my children, all my children perceive me with the eyes of the soul; some perceive me in truth, and others distort me. In some of my children intellectualism prevails and they limit themselves in seeing and perceiving me; others, because of the selfishness that prevails in them, establish bonds between the senses and intellectualism that do not separate and remain in reason, dying at every moment, not allowing themselves to know me. And they turn their backs on Me, because they find answers in science, in technology, in their personal deductions, and they hide from My Love, creating their own rules to justify themselves to their brothers and sisters when they ask them about Me. People, my children, do not see me, nor are they able to see the reality in which they live, because their conscience remains completely restless, agitated by what they selfishly desire for themselves. Personal preferences keep them in constant criticism of others, anger is vented on them when those around them are not what they want. They are irritable and susceptible to everything and towards everything. Therefore, they are unable to be aware of the reality in which they live and remain blind to what is beyond their reach. These people do not see me, nor do they see the reality of this moment, which is the decisive moment before they face themselves. 'Tell them, My beloved ones, that when reason is silenced to return to My truth, the mind is purified, and thus the Heart and the senses. I offer man the blessing of reasoning to free the soul from its bonds. Purified reasoning is wisdom and gives man a pure heart. I use these pure-hearted people to go, sharing My Word and My revelations on the road, necessary for mankind to hear, see and feel within themselves the restlessness and need with which they constantly live to be apart from Me. 'Tell them, beloved, that souls choose voluntarily and that this Christ needs the full conscience of those who call themselves My children, My followers, My disciples, My chosen ones, My priests, My consecrated ones.... I need them all to awaken consciences and hearts lulled to sleep by indifference and hardened by the ups and downs of wrongdoing, sometimes by omission, and in others out of personal convenience'. The divine teacher went on to say to me: 'Beloved, it is not the times that determine events, but events signal the future, and in this mankind is the creator of its own destiny, to which mankind itself has clung in its folly and lack of humility. Declare to them that I come with a rod of iron to separate the wheat from the chaff, at times when the chaff is abundant, and man's eyesight does not allow him to see clearly in front of the dense matter that surrounds him, preventing him from even perceiving my presence. My true children emit peace, inspire peace and exhale peace. Some people have called themselves mediators or messengers of peace in front of humanity, and having failed to achieve their goal in front of people, they make it known that they are just one more of the prevailing woes. Until, I repeat, until greed is eradicated from the ego, until.... unity will not allow a human being to recognize himself as my child, because before me everyone is my child. It was man who created the divisions, and that's why the whispers of war are heard at this moment, until they are no longer whispers and war spreads throughout humanity in the blink of an eye. 'My beloved ones, you know of My omnipotence, I showed you how Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed for their perversity and how My House acted upon them. If it had been My Will, I would have destroyed that planet in one second. Ah...! But my Love and my Patience are my perfection, so I leave the fate of man in the hands of man and his free will, not without first warning him of the misfortunes that will reach mankind due to the folly and rebelliousness of this generation without precedent. Christ asked me: 'tell them about how much I have been waiting for them, about my desire for souls and about the fact that every person should be aware of the responsibility to win souls. Tell them of the consciousness they must maintain in order to act and work for peace. Tell them, my beloved ones, how I have faced injustice, slander, insults and rejection even from those who are of my blood family. Tell them not to fear, for I will come to help those who suffer because of Me, tell those who persevere that I am a mystery to most, but to those who persevere, I am the mystery of love unveiled in their souls. Remind them that My Kingdom remains before each of you, and that to man I have given the blessing of discovering it. I am inside and outside each of you, I reveal myself to the one who seeks me with the knowledge of who I am, and the one who rejects me and does not seek me hides me from himself. You are my light, all of you are my light; I am present in everything, but you live so distracted in what is worldly and in your false gods that I speak to you and your ears do not hear me.... I am air, I am fire, I am earth, I am water, but the ignorance of men does not appreciate Me and does not give Me the glory they should give Me.' Christ goes on to tell me: 'Beloved, you see me, you recognize me, and you know that I teach you the truth, not to hide it, but to share it with your brothers and sisters. You know that I am more than blind faith, I am freedom for you to love me without limitation, to love me because you know me and relate to me, in my Love. 'Tell them of my sufferings for human disobedience and rebellion. Tell them that creation was my Father's great gift to man.... but you have deformed it and it wants to return to the state according to My Father's will. Because of this, the earth will renew itself, and in this renewal mankind, like previous generations, will bring pain, tragedy, anguish and lamentation because of disobedience to our divinity, all of which is the fruit of the misuse of human freedom and the immoderate use of misused science. Share with them that you saw Brazil destroyed by sea water, among other nations. Speak to them of the pain, of the suffering of the United States, tell them that alliances will be broken. Tell them about My Church and its purification and the suffering of all nations. Assure them that I am coming for my children; my legions will announce my coming, and those who are mine will receive me with joy. I will see with pain those who despised me, they will try to hide their face from my presence. In human freedom, each person will choose good or evil. Share with them my closeness to the conscience of man, each individual. Speak to them of the rivers of blood that will be spilled all over the earth before the man of science, who created the annihilation of mankind with full knowledge, challenges me and, in his madness, leads every creature on the face of the earth to suffer. I am not intransigent, I waited for people to wake up; my Love is infinite, just as my Justice is infinite. Mankind has cast itself upon My Justice, and you kindle darkness with evil deeds, you study My Words to seek darkness, and even though My Light is so great, you are blinded by your victorious selfishness. My beloved ones, tell your brothers and sisters that I am waiting for them with eternal love. My Love does not reject you as in embryo laboratories. I am what I am, eternal, beginning and end. Tell them that I am waiting for them in the Tabernacle, tell them to come to Me without fear, but with truth, without falsehood. Tell them that in every consecrated host I am present. I am the food of soul and spirit for ever and ever. Tell them that I am the bread of unity for all who wish to live aware of the need for my presence in each of those who are mine. I love you, tell them that I love them. You say it'. Jesus.

February 13 2014 - Blessed Mother
Joined in prayer, the Blessed Mother says to me: 'Hail Mary most pure,' and I reply: without sin conceived. Then she says to me: 'beloved daughter of my Immaculate Heart, my Heart burns with love for all souls, I do not rest in helping and interceding for all my children. For some I am a consolation in sickness, and for others I am a help in times of difficulty. I am companionship, advice, relief, health of spirit and body, thought and heart. I am obedience, hope, mercy, faith, peace, love and joy. I do not abandon anyone, but wait longingly for you to open your heart to me. Mother goes on to tell me: 'Beloved daughter, in these urgent and decisive moments it is almost impossible for a person to enter into silence; he does not know it and does not desire it. Silence, on the other hand, makes him fearful, because it can reveal his true identity to him. The world's noise confuses people, penetrates their unconsciousness as part of daily life, leading them to join, without realizing it, in this generation's bitter step. Man, denying all that comes from my Son, makes the darkness of the soul flourish in him, finding its center in what is erroneous, pushing aside the signs of the times, announced earlier and present at this moment more than at any other. Man is indifferent to the suffering of others, because of his selfishness, which does not allow him to see my Son present in all, as temples of the Holy Spirit. My Son desires to be recognized and known by all. Man's conscience does not limit, but gently leads him to accept the revelation, not as myth, but as truth already recorded in the Gospels. This revelation is new to man because he does not know my Son and does not accept me as Mother.... If mankind were to consider its every act, it would be as if it remained before the Warning. And although this act of facing oneself seems unnecessary to man, because the spiritual has been replaced by the worldly, which is more attractive, man rejects his conscience and continues the challenge to surpass sin and offend my Son. Then Mother asked me: 'My daughter, tell your brothers and sisters that those who truly love my Son are those who struggle to be completely Christ-like, who fulfill the Will of God and desire to immerse themselves in the Divine Presence and Omnipotence, working and acting constantly in total communion with Infinite Wisdom. Tell them that the signs of the moment are coming..., because those who are aware of the present and decisive moment for this generation will be the ones who raise their voices, even if they are not heard. Before man's indifferent gaze, the earth is cracking in many places, it is shaking and will continue to shake, and the oceans approaching and agitating its waters will be a scourge to man. Ask my children to pray for South America, the great mountain ranges will shake, Chile will cry, Argentina will suffer and Ecuador will lament'. The mother continued to share with me: 'My daughter, look how my Heart suffers for those who are mine! I constantly look for mirrors of my Son and do not find them.... So many claim to love my Son! And these are only carbon copies with great limitations, guided by a false ignorance of the truth and the distinction between Divine Mercy, Forgiveness and Divine Justice. My Son is the Divine Light that gives Himself for everyone, some receive Him, others do not, but He does not hide or darken Himself from anyone. So great is His Love that He constantly warns all His children to prepare themselves, but people love darkness more than Divine Light. With his works tainted by arrogance, man has fallen so far that he does not even recognize himself. At decisive moments, man will fear his neighbors, deception will be constant and man will be tempted again and again by Satan. Man's anger will be constant, and violence will again lead to open persecution. Ask them, my daughter, to pray for the Church of my Son, it will suffer stunned and plunge into division. What do I expect from my children? I only expect them to be aware of the presence of my Son in each of their actions and deeds. No deed is empty if that deed is born of conscience; therein lies the difference between those who do much and achieve nothing, and those who seem to do nothing but do everything. Awareness of this moment must lead my children to remain vigilant, without fear of being better, without fear of facing their reality, without fear of revealing the fire they carry within them and not allowing them to be conformists. My children enter the mystery, not to have it exposed to them, but to be docile to the divine plan. At this moment, consciousness is like food for the soul, which gives it survival, against the unconsciousness of those who refuse Heaven's explanation of His Love to announce the Second Coming of My Son. Look daughter - the Mother shows me the sun - it emanates its warmth to the earth, the vibration of this flame will be what will cause the sea to rise as it has never been seen before. Ask my children to pray for the United States, they will be scourged again and again. Tell them of my suffering for those people who are materialists, who deny the calls of the house of my Son, because of their fear of facing reality, which for them is only a utopia. Mankind is afraid to know the need, faith has been driven out of man, while I call upon you to become aware of the signs that ring out time and again with one voice of warning to the unbelieving man. Share with them daughter'. The Blessed Mother says to me: 'Blessed is he who trusts in the word of my Son and is aware that nothing is impossible for Christ. He who seeks to enter into the Will of God must share with his brother and sister the spiritual food of wisdom through the word. Here I am, I am the Mother of mankind, I come with a blessing for the one who, like a child, believes and puts no bounds to my Son, who is Lord and King forever and ever. And raising her hand, our blessed Mother blesses, and her blessing spreads throughout creation, reaching every person of every people and nation. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 19 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I love you, I bless you. Who are My true and faithful people? My people are those who walk, carrying the banner of my Love, who are faithful to me in all things and obey all that I ask of them. My true and faithful people are those who know that my Commandments are unchanging, that I am the same yesterday, today and always. My people are those who love Me so much that they are aware that My Commandments do not go according to the novelty of the times, but that they were given forever. Therefore, my Commandments are not to be transformed or adapted to the moment of this generation. My people know and love my blessings and follow them, knowing that he who follows them and has them as a law in his life is aware of what he needs to abide by my side and unite with my Holy Spirit. To whom do I address myself? To all people, to those who accept my Word and to those who do not.... to those who look at me with love and to those who despise me. I am a God of Love and in this my Love does not exclude any of my children, rather I wait for you anxiously until the last moment. This generation, which has exceeded every measure of sin, cries out to My Holy Justice, knocks at the door of My Wrath, and I have given the place of My Justice to the entire creation, which will turn against this generation that offends Me, and the creation is completely indifferent to man, because it does not recognize him, because man does not live in My Will. Who do I need at my side in these moments? Everyone, absolutely everyone, but I know very well that not everyone listens to me, and not everyone loves me, and not only despises me, but pre-judges my words and my calls to my people, I am a God who does not act without announcing to those he loves what will happen. I am a God who does not act without forewarning those He loves: 'Surely the Lord God does nothing unless He reveals His secret counsel to His servants the prophets.' As they mocked my tools in the past, so it will be at this moment, until this humanity finds itself doubled over with pain, until some return to me, although the majority will join the forces of antichrist. Because, not loving me and knowing that they do not know me, they will be easily deceived by the preaching of the one who comes for his spoils. My beloved, beloved people, 'I desire,' I desire not only souls, but the conscience of mankind. You do not know Me because you have not received proper instruction in My Commandments, you have not been truly formed to follow My Will; because of this, the conscience of mankind is dormant and attached to all that is worldly. You, my beloved, listen to me and listen to my Mother, come in and know me in the depths of my Love and my Word, so that you will not be deceived, for I am the same yesterday, today and always, and my Word and my Commandments have been given for all times to grow with man and not be transformed. My Law does not adapt to the present moment, rather it is man who must adapt to My Commandments. The fire of the volcanoes comes to the surface with such anger! My beloved people, pray for Ecuador, pray for Italy. The waters of the oceans move with such speed, noise and readiness to hurl themselves upon the earth! My people, pray for San Francisco; my people, pray for Spain, pray for Brazil. My beloved ones, the sun will approach the earth and emit so much heat toward the earth that my children will have to move away from it in every way possible. My beloved ones, with what ease does man discuss and lash out at one another with the same anger with which several countries are in a state of total violence in the clutches of Satan, the one who distracts people, filling the soul with hatred and resentment. This will spread to the masses. Pray for Iraq, pray for the Middle East and pray for South America. My beloved ones, my people, grow in my Love, grow in holiness, be different from the rest of the world, for what is worldly leads man to complete perdition. Pray for my Church, division is coming with swift steps, and my Church will be shaken from the foundations, divisions will come like a thief who comes in the night without being heard. The division in my Church will lead people to total confusion, but you who know me, my beloved ones, know that my Word does not change, you know that my Love is for every moment, and you recognize me in my Body and my Blood and feed on my Body and my Blood. You take refuge under the mantle of my Mother and help each other, serve each other and warn each other. Beloved, you who recognize Me, you must grow in love and in truth, for the coming moments will be moments of trial, a trial you have not yet passed, and those who are uncertain will fall into great errors, which I will judge quickly. My people will not suffer forever, but will be severely tried, and you must prepare yourselves for this. You who call yourselves My children live in fear of disputes, of human errors, of human jealousies, of human envy, and you bring My Sacred Heart to sorrow. You, who tell Me that you love Me, make constant reparation for how much you lead Me to suffer. At this time, how can my people prepare themselves? By meditating on My Word and by meditating on My Love, which must be lived. You must be the crystal water that refreshes the thirsty without having to ask for it. Be transparent, do not fight among yourselves, for through divisions Satan weakens those who are Mine. Put aside already human foolishness, love one another, for he who continues to be the cause of division will fall and regret that he was an instrument of evil. My Mercy is infinite as is My Justice. How false is he who denies My Wrath and My Justice, for My Justice bends the foolish, the hard-hearted, and it is necessary at this time. Look to the heavens, for from on high I will send my Blessing and help to my people. In the firmament you will see a great plague for mankind, which will lead several countries to suffer, and man at the sight of the fire in the sky will tremble to his guts. My beloved ones, you believe that you will not receive trials.... and you are mistaken, because you, my children, have disobeyed me and wounded me to the extreme. You have given yourselves over to the clutches of evil, and in those clutches you have offended me again and again with new sins and new transgressions; you have come to the brink of sin. But even then, in the most difficult moments of purification, man will be unrecognized by man, because he will transcend the deepest instincts that the human mind cannot even imagine. The great powers will unite and then betray each other, leading all of humanity to suffer. My people, remain strong and fortified in my Love and in my Word, cling to my Commandments and to the protection of my Mother, who does not and will not abandon you. My faithful will be protected by My angels and led to a place of peace. Let the innocent not fear, and my true people must trust in me. Evil will not prevail forever, it will be banished from this earth so that my Church will rise again and be one with me. I bless you and love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 23 2014 - Mother of God
My beloved ones, may my Blessing be with each of you. My Love constantly calls you to abide in the path of my Son. Remain vigilant, do not reject my calls, for I intercede for each of those who are mine before the Most Holy Trinity. Beloved children, this period has opened the door of the Great Tribulation; the Great Tribulation with all its signs is openly appearing to all of you, and you still remain deaf, blind and mute as creatures unaware of the divine plans, and above all unaware that the House of the Father does not act without first warning its beloved human beings. Children, be vigilant, do not give in to the human will, for it wants you to give in. Remain attentive. Human egoism obscures the vision of the flesh and darkens spiritual vision. At this moment, the evil one is stalking all my children with his diabolical legions, ruthlessly tempting everyone to bring them to their downfall. This is a moment of decision and the battle between good and evil is strong, except that man on his earthly path does not notice any signs, considering it normal, and my Son asks you to notice the signs of this moment, preceding what is coming, which will be the bloodiest thing this generation will experience, this generation that denies itself the Salvation of its soul. Violence is increasing every moment, you see it and you know it is a reality and you know it is a reality and even those defenseless nations on which the hand of violence has never fallen, those nations will suffer violence. Communism has resurged strongly and has taken over the nations, and my children are not aware of this, they have given the government to communism, and the government in its thirst for power will lead you to even more suffering. The pain of my beloved people of Venezuela will rage, and the Mothers will weep for their children. Pray, pray for Venezuela, my children. The water is agitating, agitating a lot and will make the coastal zones suffer. You know that the water, in its desire to cleanse the land, will enter it. Pray, my children, pray for the United States, pray for the Philippines, they will suffer greatly. My beloved ones, the sun will strongly penetrate the earth with its rays; the thirst, not only of the spirit, but also of the body, will double. Pray for my children in Africa. My beloved ones, this is the moment of consciousness, each of you must be aware of this very moment and decide to act in goodness, evil is coming and with its claws rushing hard, prepared to doubt those who remain between doubt and the decision to leave what is temporal to absolutely be the property of my Son. The conscience of each of you must remain willing and accept and love the word of my Son - unshakable, given for all eternity, and even more to be a practice for those who are truly faithful to my Son. Remember that the Commandments are God's Law and point the true way to abide in the Will of the Holy Trinity. You, aware of this, do not allow them to be modernized. My Son is the same yesterday, today and always. My Son's Church will suffer, will be tested, will be invaded by new ideologies that do not conform to the true essence of the Christian. Remain in grace, lest they lead you astray. My Son's Church will be scourged again by those who commune with pompous finesse. Freemasonry has seized great power in the Church of my Son, and you, knowing the Word of God, must take steps within the Will of the Holy Trinity so that you will not be seduced by error. Beloved children, unity is essential at this time, serve one another, do not be ashamed to call yourselves Christians, rather feel within yourselves that to call yourselves Christians is to be true. My beloved ones, continue to consecrate yourselves day after day to my Immaculate Heart and pray fervently for the Church of my Son, in spirit accompany your brothers and sisters in mourning and suffering from political unrest that will spread to the masses, and my children will thus know pain. Nature does not suspend hostility, it continues its path, moving forward strongly, and every moment this force will be greater throughout the earth, and I as the Mother of each of you remain vigilant and my holy mantle covers you so that moments of fear are minimized. Be that as it may, the essential readiness of each of those who are mine is the pronouncement: 'yes, Jesus Christ, here I am, to do your will and live in it. Whoever does not know my Son will be lost, and I, as Mother, suffer for this reason. Do not reject my calls, every moment is an opportunity for my Divine Mercy, accept it quickly. My Son will come soon, and each of you will give an account of the harvest you have in your hands. Do not be afraid, I am fighting beside each of you. My heavenly hosts are watching over and freeing you from great dangers, but it is necessary for you to say 'yes' to my Son, so that I, as the Mother of Humanity, can rescue you from the clutches of evil. Be faithful, do not waver so much that it is difficult for you to get out of the mud. Time is no longer time and does not exist to go slowly. I lead you by the hand, just let me lead you and intercede for you. I bless you and love you. In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 03 2014 - Jesus Christ
Christ: my beloved, my people will remain at my side, and by doing my will, they will return to me the land that was given to them as an inheritance. Then I will reign over every person, and peace will dwell in each of my children. Do you know, beloved, how I see those who are mine at this moment? I see them enjoying free will, like one who believes he is not seen by the One who sees everything.... I see them detaching themselves from Me, giving themselves over to perdition and all that is so worldly, which leads them to be wandering corpses, without realizing what they are losing.... I desire the good of my children, and I accept the rejection of humanity, which in the midst of the shadows, voluntarily chooses, temporary joy. Do you know, my beloved, what the sin of humanity is? Luz de Maria: 'my God, there are so many...! Christ, beloved, ignorance is the sin of this generation; it does not stop to reflect on its deeds, on its works, on how to get back on the road to reconnect with Me. Man walks slowly, as if time continues, rather than stopping.... this generation does not believe in My calls or the calls of My Mother. Those who call themselves Christians are deformed copies of My Laws and My Will. Not true is the one who claims to love Me and, having ascended to Me, remains with his Heart attacked by his lack of love for his brother or sister. He who claims to love me, and his hands are empty, is not true; his hands are empty of deeds, of good deeds for the benefit of all that surrounds him by the Will of God. 'Faith without deeds is dead. People are still unaware that I alone am Truth, Freedom and Life. Immersed in what is trivial they are unaware of, they continue on the wrong path that leads them to lose themselves in Satan's clutches, becoming part of his spoils. Tell your brothers and sisters that I am Mercy for those who seek Me as soon as possible, fighting against their own human selfishness to free themselves from their own will contaminated by vanity, pride, anger, hypocrisy and lies. He who calls me Father, and forgets that I call you to be one in me, is lying to himself. At this moment, brotherhood is the weapon that keeps Satan from entering those who, in My Name and that of My Mother, gather in My Will, preparing in spirit and in action to bear witness to My Word, warning their brothers and sisters of the present moment and of the already imminent fulfillment of the events that will purify mankind, which My Mother handed down out of love for Her Son. Woe to those who, like insurmountable rocks, are the cause of division! Christ, beloved, do you know how I suffer for those who are mine? Luz de Maria: 'I see you, my Lord, on the Cross, atoning for the sins of mankind, bleeding and pained.... Christ: this Blood of mine is for those consecrated who have lost themselves, loving society more than they love me, enslaving themselves for money and forgiving the sins of those who provide them with higher status and ignoring the needs of my people. These wounds of mine, are for them who close my temples and fail to warn those who, unaware, persist in sin, offending me again and again. Daughter, my consecrated people must be in my image; poverty lifts the spirit, wealth fights against time that is not time, social obligations leave no room for prayer, and without prayer, how will they lead my sheep? This Blood of mine is for those of your brothers and sisters who despise my calls and fight against those very calls, for those who persecute my tools. This Blood of mine is for those tools who remain silent out of fear and cowardice. Do you know, My daughter, how I will come to seek those who are Mine in My Second Coming? With My legions, with My power.... Shaking all that exists, but the man of science and many of My own children pretend not to know this, and even deny it. The heavens will open and all that has been created will rejoice at the sight of me; the elements will move, and man, who has lived away from my will, will be terrified and will regret that he did not listen in time to my requests to return to me. Before my second coming, I will come to the depths of people's conscience, so that they will look at themselves and see themselves as they are. My beloved ones, I am still Love who begs for love, and in this begging I see with pain the suffering of my children.... Pray for Brazil, the water will purify it. I am the King banished from His Kingdom. Beloved ones, pray for Chile, the earth will shake causing pain. The earth will shake with greater force in different places around the world. I see my people.... and there are so few who retain a true awareness of what it means to be a Christian! Pray, my children, pray; war is coming causing destruction, maiming the innocent, with weapons beyond human control; the man of science will be the executioner of his own race. Nuclear energy is the great Herod of this moment. Tell my children not to lose heart, not to fear that they will be isolated for warning those who do not know me and disregard the future of this generation. Tell them that my people will triumph and be beside me, I will raise them up so that they will not suffer, but their conscience must be ready to give itself up for me. Not all people ignore what will happen, but they put it aside so that they don't get upset about having to fight to be better. Technology is a whip that constantly strikes the mind of my children until it leaves them completely still and without willpower to prepare them for the violence with which they will fight against their brothers and sisters. Luz de Maria: 'Continuing on the Cross, my Lord cried out: Christ: my people, be vigilant, for false idols have usurped what is mine; disguised as sheep, wolves coexist in your homes, polluting the minds of the innocent. My people, return to Me, for time is running out. I protect you, make a decision and with courage surrender to Me, renouncing what separates you from Me. I bless you. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 05 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, at this penitential moment I call all my children to conversion, these are the moments preceding the great purification of all mankind. At this moment there are no ignorant people, but those who, lulled to sleep by human convenience, continue to give themselves over to all that is worldly, which distances them from my Son and from my calls. As the Mother of all mankind, I urgently call upon you to be self-consciously aware of this decisive moment in which you find yourselves. You must enter your conscience and awaken it, so that those who want you to perish will see that my children do not allow themselves to be overwhelmed by evil. The horsemen of war are galloping through the earth, carrying the scourge of humanity, nuclear energy, to the earth.... And pray children, pray for Russia. My beloved ones, this generation has committed a grave mistake and a great offense against me. This grave offense is to ignore my request spoken at Fatima to consecrate Russia to my Immaculate Heart.... You, my children, are mostly ignoring the destruction, not only of the spirit, but of all creation, with which communism will crush this generation. Economic interests are bending the nations, which are in the hands of rulers devoted entirely to economics, which dominates and does not respect religious beliefs. I have urged you so strenuously to be attentive! And you, my children, out of human will, have surrendered the plan and destiny of your countries into the hands of people devoted to the great communist powers. Humanity will see with horror and horror the cruelty of those who will whip you completely without compassion. I have called so strongly on the Church of my Son.... and I have pleaded so strongly for long, long years through my instruments that the hierarchs of my Son's Church should consecrate the whole world, and especially Russia, to my Immaculate Heart...! This grave insult is rising over all of humanity at this moment, because the totality of my call, my message at Fatima, has not been revealed to my children. Beloved people of my Son, as Mother I wished to save you and deliver you from evil, but the whim of man and human respect has prevailed.... great powers will fight against each other, and all my innocent children will suffer the consequences of this confrontation. Pray for the United States. Pray for England. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, how much ignorance you claim to possess! This is one more excuse for the passivity of a man made completely worldly, who does not want to confront the truth of the reality in which he lives, ignoring the signs of the times, and especially at this moment you are excusing yourselves to continue completely devoted as the spoils of Satan. This moment is decisive, completely decisive, the eternal struggle between good and evil, so my call is very urgent that all who love my Son and who take me as Mother, and even those who do not consider me as Mother, reconsider and use this penitential moment to look at themselves without illusions inside their being. There is not a person who does not need to repent for his or her actions, but I especially call upon those who direct my smallest children in their communities to warn their brothers and sisters with full knowledge of what is being born and will soon be fulfilled to the amazement of all people. Great populations will be destroyed by the fury of their volcanoes; the fire is burning and the earth is allowing it to go out. Pray, my children, pray for Italy. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I am the Mother of love, but I am the Mother of the word, I am the Mother of truth, and do not hide from those who are mine the approaching scourge that walks the earth. Do not expect the antichrist to appear before you, watch his work and his deeds in your midst, especially his powerful arm, communism. The irresponsibility of science misused by man through scientists who had no qualms in creating weapons of mass destruction, will be the executioner through whom millions of my children will die.... but you, my beloved of my Immaculate Heart, be lamps filled with the best oil; lamps that never go out, lamps that stay lit, lamps that pray for their brothers and sisters, but above all lamps that share their pure and innocent lives. 4 prophecies and revelations about the antichrist.... but you, my beloved of my Immaculate Heart, be lamps filled with the best oil; lamps that never go out, lamps that stay lit, lamps that pray for their brothers and sisters, but above all, lamps that share their pure and clear oil with their brothers and sisters, so that the consciousness of radical and ultimate transformation burns in them, so that they may unite with my Son. At this moment, in which the debate of souls between good and evil, between Salvation and damnation is taking place, each of you is responsible before your brothers and sisters for what he receives from the hands of my Son, for the knowledge he possesses and for his duty to share it with the rest of humanity. He who is silent is silent for lack of faith, because he does not believe that my Son sends you as his messengers to warn those who are asleep, who out of ignorance live immersed in what is worldly and sinful. Be an echo of my cry, be an echo of the love of my Heart, be an echo of the Will of my Son. That Divine Will which desires that all her children be saved and know the truth. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, strong and painful moments will come, but true light and full love will come to you, which will liberate you from tribulations, remove your chains, and my Son will give you full freedom in a time of peace, in which evil will be completely eradicated. Not everything is pain, but in order to reach the light of my Son, you must be purified. Do not be afraid children, I protect you, I love you, and my Son remains with open arms to receive all who wish to turn to Him and surrender definitively to His Divine Will. I bless you, I love you, and I urge you once again to keep the hope that there will come a time of peace that you will enjoy at the side of my Son. I bless you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 10 2014 - Mother of God
Blessed Virgin Mary: 'Beloved daughter of my Immaculate Heart, tell my beloved children that I keep you within myself with a special and great love and carry each of you beating in my Heart; every heartbeat is for you. I call upon the people of my Son to participate in the awakening of man's conscience. At this moment, conscience is unknown to man, because he has invalidated his own conscience. My beloved daughter, do you know how much I suffer at the hands of those who are foolish and do not heed the calls of my Son and my calls? Luz de Maria: 'Mother, although you have shown me that you are suffering and my Heart participates in your pain, I know well that I will not achieve the same suffering.... How much you suffer, Mother, your suffering goes even further...' Blessed Virgin Mary: 'I suffer even unspeakably when I see souls fall into the abyss of evil, I know that the subtlety of Satan and his minions is not perceived by man, and because of this, man falls into the same error time and again. Man knows that he is not allowed to make a mistake, but he does not obey his conscience; he drains it piece by piece so that he does not feel remorse. The man of the moment dehumanizes himself, in his place is a technological man even in his feelings, he does not allow himself to have feelings, and when he sees that he feels more than he would like, he stops, as if turning off an electronic device. How it pains me to see those who keep falling into the same mistakes, failing time and again! And at this moment, Satan is concerned with ensuring that my children retain values that are erroneous, very erroneous, completely worldly and detached from my Son, and thus become easy prey for the enemy of the soul. My daughter, my Heart suffers because of those who, having my word in their hands, rejected it, and even more than rejected it, scorned it and denied it. Do you know what a person will suffer at this time? Luz de Maria: 'much, Mother, much, but you had better tell me...'. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'the man of this moment will suffer unspeakably because of his own mistakes, which came out to meet him on his way, so that the man will be purified by all that he left out. My Son gave Himself for everyone, without exception, but at this moment it seems to man that Salvation depends on those who have some kind of leadership in the world, and not on the fulfillment of the Will of the Holy Trinity, on the fulfillment of the Commandments, on the fulfillment of the Beatitudes, on the fulfillment of the Sacraments that my Son established. This very subtle plan has been precisely wrought by Satan for the benefit of the antichrist, who is not far from this generation. People are sinking more and more each day into the pleasures of denying my Son and this Mother, and are not seeking reconciliation. And eternal life is not bought with money, nor is it bought with titles, nor with human distinctions, nor with powers bestowed by men. Eternal life is earned by working and acting in accordance with the Will of the Holy Trinity, by being one with my Son, by being a mirror of my Son, by being aware that Salvation is personal; but at the same time, being personal, obligates each of you to fight for the Salvation of your brothers and sisters and lead them out of the ignorance in which they live. I grieve, yes, but even in the midst of my pain, my Heart does not stop beating, constantly seeking you, because I am a Mother who does not accept rejection, and the one who opposes me the most, I seek even more to bring him closer to my Son. I seek those who, like wolves disguised as silent sheep, aim to cause division in the Church of my Son, division between brothers and sisters and thus the great schism that I have announced. Beloved ones, how do you think a man who loves my Son in spirit and truth should be and act? Luz de Maria: 'I think, Mother, that it should be a man of faith, strong, willing and devoted. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'Yes he is, my beloved, a man of unshakable faith, born of a personal encounter with my Son; not from what they tell him what faith is, but from what he could experience in himself. And this encounter, this personal experience with my Son has been lost. Daily activities leave no room even for a moment during the day to achieve a personal encounter with my Son, and those who achieve it keep it to themselves. I should call them selfish! At this moment and before the bitterness of what is coming, each of you who achieves this personal encounter with my Son must be a soldier who marches totally dedicated to sharing with his brothers and sisters that Christ who waits for them, who loves them; that Christ who loves them and does not tire of loving them. Some of those who are mine have this personal encounter with my Son, but they are people who are ashamed to confess it in front of others, so as not to be seen as strange; and then the fruits that the Holy Spirit has poured out on that person wither and end up dying, perhaps in solitude in the bedroom or perhaps before my Son in the blessed sacrament of the altar, without giving the hungry the divine bread of the word. And you must understand that not all of you have the same mission, but all of you are obligated as children of my divine Son to bring the knowledge you gain and share it with your brothers and sisters to awaken this human generation. My beloved, my beloved, how do you see this humanity? Luz de Maria: 'Mother, I feel that it is so miserable because of all that distances it from our Christ, I feel that it is spiritually anemic because it no longer even desires the Word of God, only a few people, and these people, by the way..., retain so much human respect! Blessed Mary: my beloveds, human respect must be preserved, but not when it has to do with Salvation, not when it has to do with sharing and carrying the true Word of my Son; not when it is about being spiritually strong.... remember, daughter, that the good thief at the last moment recognized in my Son the Christ, the Son of God.... and thus gained eternal life, and at this moment each of my children can be that good villain who recognizes my Son and sacrifices himself to live in His will and by his works and deeds gain eternal life.... and thus receive the same reward. My children must be praying souls, prayer elevates the soul and the spirit, and it is good that you pray to my Son, for every prayer is incense that reaches the throne, but after prayer I urgently need you to go out as spiritual warriors, to win souls, to knock on doors, to walk, to act, for while the enemy is playing and rejoicing, seeing souls fall into his snare, my children are asleep in lethargy.... and you must wake up. People of my Son, you must become aware of all that is coming upon you at this time, you must awaken spiritually, and you must also awaken in other aspects, such as that of food, you must be aware that you are being killed day after day, the temple of the Holy Spirit is being invaded by all unknown diseases, and these diseases you are suffering from now are caused by the contaminated food you are eating. The earth is completely sick.... and you are feeding on diseased fruits, a serious consequence of man's abuse of the creation that the Father has given you, you are eating adulterated foods and don't care. You live in constant pollution of your thoughts and mind in and out of your homes, as I turn my gaze to the earth and see only bodies that wander and are manipulated by the technology they carry in their hands, they walk with hearts hardened by violence. Families no longer divide as they used to, families now live in a house, under one roof, but they don't live together and they don't talk, they are complete strangers, and when they are not using technology in their hands, they make their children watch TV to play games that are completely satanic, far from the love of my Son, and in this way they allow childhood to constantly sow and plow violence. Parents are not respected by their children, instead parents are afraid of their children, because children have acquired violence so extreme through video games that the child's personality frightens parents. I suffer before a human generation devoid of conscience, which immediately performs the gravest sin, because it is directly opposed to the greatest gift my Son has given you, the gift of life. That sin is abortion. Beloved daughter, do you know what I feel and hear the moaning of a child about to undergo an abortion? Luz de Maria: 'Mother, I can imagine and it scares me. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'Yes it is daughter, it frightens, abortion must frighten a man, but at the moment it does not frighten him, because man has banished his conscience, and not having a conscience, he does not know how to think, he does not know how to act, but that does not justify the act. At this moment I am saddened by a man without feelings, a man without love, who denies himself the opportunity to know the gift of love and the gift of life, the greatest gift that has been given to man. And little bodies lie in dumpsters in the streets or discarded in the middle of vacant lots, innocents to whom I immediately send my legions to collect them and bring them to my presence, to give them to my Son. My angels weep at this unspeakable and despicable act of man, it is the greatest act of cowardice of mankind. And you still do not understand that the antichrist is leading this generation to commit the most horrible sins that man can commit. Shouldn't all this be cleansed before they are all executed? Man feels so superior to my Son that he refuses to accept purification..., well, that's not the case, my children! Those who do not recognize my Son, those who kill the innocent, those who abuse the innocent, those who slander my true instruments, those who utter unseemly words against my priests, those who truly hold to the word of my Son, those who profane the body of my Son, those who scoff at his word and mock my word, among others, those.... With horror and trepidation they will lament and fall to their knees raising their hands to Heaven, crying out for mercy, they will feel that they have despised God's Mercy and that this is the moment of Divine Justice, this is the moment when my Son comes with His strong arm. But nevertheless, my Son, loving you so much, did not want to administer justice alone and entrusted the creation, the cosmos and the universe to administer Divine Justice, because the entire cosmos, the universe and all of nature live in accordance with Divine Will. So it will be that man will be subjected to a great trial, and with it he will suffer not only in body but also in mind, and he will suffer in his very spirit as he finds himself completely helpless against the forces of what has been created by the Father. My beloved ones, I urge you to abide in anticipation, without sleep, with your lamps lit, and I urge you to pray fervently for all the leaders of nations who have chosen each day to be the scourge of the people and to fill their coffers with money stained with the blood of the innocent. I urge you to pray for those leaders who have chosen to be part of the plan to exterminate humanity. I have called on you so strongly to rise up and not allow nuclear power in your countries! ...and with the rejection of my entreaties, you looked with contempt on my calls. At this time you will suffer the consequences, you will lament, but it will be too late to stop the minds controlled by Satan. Pray, children, for the volcanoes will allow the embers they harbor within themselves to come out. Pray for El Salvador, pray for Ecuador, pray for Mexico. My beloved ones, the earth is groaning constantly, and you do not stop to think about it, so the earth that swayed you will shake a lot for you to look at it again. Pray for New Zealand, it will be shaken; pray for Japan, it will be shaken again; pray for the United States. My beloved ones, how contaminated is the earth and how contaminated is man! my beloved land Argentina will experience great suffering, suffering that nature has poured and will continue to pour on this land, as well as events caused by man himself, who is exhausted before the abuses of the powerful. Pray for Argentina. Soon..., this moment will reach its peak and my Son will send His Divine Assistance from on high for all mankind, the heavenly hosts will descend and every person who exists on earth will know about them, about my emissaries, because they will not do this quietly, they will be seen by all people, so that they will become aware that this moment is about to happen and together with my legions, a certain person will bring you Heavenly manna. My beloved ones, I have so much to convey to man and at the same time warn him not to bow to the lies of the new doctrinal ideologies that lead you to fall into sin! You know, daughter, how much I wish that every person would listen to me! Luz de Maria: 'Yes, Mother, I understand you, because I want that too. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'but there will come a time of lamentation, daughter, a moment of lamentation, and then they will call me Mother, and I will still be Mother, and I will love them, but the executioners of Divine Justice will already be in the midst of mankind, and I, as the first disciple of my Son, will have to wait for the execution of this Divine Justice, without ceasing to love them because of it, but it is necessary. To all my children, those who are deepening in these Divine Calls of my Son, look at me with a pained heart! I can call these calls of the Mother, who is struggling to save the faithful, 'anguish'! To you, who have been given much, much is required of you at this time, evangelize, evangelize, evangelize with the truth. Tell your brothers and sisters, beloved daughter, that I bless them and surround them with the maternal mantle of protection of all those who, obedient to the Will of God, repeat the voice of warning to your brothers and sisters. The moment has ceased to be a moment.... I bless you, I love you, my Heart beats for each of you. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 16 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. I have come to you to bring you my Word and my love.... Where are you going, humanity? Where are you going, lonely and abandoned, deprived of the love of my Son and despising the love of this Mother? Why do you not listen to my calls? Will it be that you will not lift your eyes to Heaven until you are completely undermined in the clutches of Satan.... Until you are dragged along the ground? Beloved children, to you I call, to those who say they love me, to those who feel they love me, to those who continually offer themselves to my Son and to me; to you I call that you awaken at this moment, and not wait for another moment. Children, mankind in the blink of an eye is surrendering to the hands of those who use the power given to them by yourselves, transgressing limits that man cannot even imagine. Suffering for humanity is already at the door, and all those who proclaim themselves my children must obey the calls of my Son and my calls. I suffer, yes, I suffer as the Mother of Humanity; I suffer for those who love me and I suffer for those who do not love me. All are my children and I intercede for all of them constantly. My beloved ones, a great darkness is approaching the earth and man in his ignorance will say that the phenomena of nature are being manifested, but this is not the case, it is quite the contrary, nature is casting its inexorable power upon all the peoples of the earth. The purification is coming i.... woe to those of my children who wait until the last moment to repent! For everything will happen without warning, it will come unexpectedly, and those who wait until the last moment will not have it, for before the harshness of the purification, the cry for mercy will be forgotten by man, who will already be extremely terrified in the face of what he will see. Children, heaven will burn, both earth and heaven will burn, seeming to be one, and only those who have consecrated themselves to my Immaculate Heart, and only those who live devoted to the Divine Will, only they will be the lights who, by the Will of the Holy Trinity, will remain here on earth to lead the holy remnant. My beloved people, where are you going? To the cliff..., sunk in what is worldly and sinful? I warn you, I warn you like a loving Mother, and you despise my calls. Woe to those who deny the word of my Son! ... woe to those who deny my word! ... woe to those who, seeking to refute this truth that I am communicating to you, insult and slander my true instruments! Pray, my beloved ones, pray for Spain, the water will purify it. Pray, my children, pray for the Middle East, pain will wreak havoc, war is coming. My people, my beloved ones, whom I received at the foot of the Cross of my Son, for you, for you I come to offer my intercession, because I do not want any of my children to be lost. O giant, who has taken the destiny of mankind into your hands, you will strike a blow and knock down my children, those who are still lukewarm! O, giant, who arose and was born from the evil will of man! O, atomic energy, scourge of nations and mankind, how my children will suffer because of you! I call upon all those who in one way or another participated in the creation of this great monster, this scourge, this very great sin that is nuclear energy. I call on those who participate in it to fall to their knees and look to the Heavens; repent, for you yourselves have no idea of the destruction you will cause, the pain and havoc you will cause for all of humanity. O man of science, who have separated yourself from the true path, how dare you use the good that God has equipped you with to massacre millions of innocents? Pray, my people, pray for the great nations, that the hand of my Son may be able to soften the hearts of the leaders and that they may change their minds. My beloved people, be vigilant, do not neglect a moment in the existence of your life, for the enemy of man, Satan, has thrown himself and will throw himself even more without mercy against the people of my Son. Turn to me, I will keep you under my knees, my mantle will be Salvation for you, and my womb is the Tabernacle in which all those who have faithfully given themselves to my Son remain. Do not fear my Son, fear the man who is merciless and unstable, fear the man of power who will not wait to demonstrate his power before all mankind. Do not fear my Son, draw near to Him, consecrate yourselves to Him and enter my maternal womb, for my womb, as a sanctuary for each of you, is only waiting for you to enter it voluntarily, to shelter you. He who cries out will never be abandoned. My legions will descend to protect the faithful. I bless once again the place that rocked me, I bless each of you, and from here I bless all of humanity. Continue to be obedient and prepare yourselves, for the flesh is weak and you must not allow it to be separated from My Son. I remain here before each of you.... my chosen ones, my beloved ones, be aware that time is a moment, and my Son is the Lord of all that exists. Do not lose your spirit, walk firmly and with haste, heedless of any call I make to you. I bless you, I remain before you, just give me your hand. I intercede for you at this moment before my Son, for you whom I have brought to my Heart, to this place of mine. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 21 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you. I am still a great beggar of the love of My children.... I still abide in the solitude in which My children keep Me; but I, with Infinite Mercy, knock not only at the Heart, but at the mind, at the thoughts and at the conscience of each of My children. There are not many who truly love Me, there are not many who live the desire for My Love and My Presence; but those few who love Me in spirit and truth will possess the strength of millions of people to watch until the last moment, those who listen to My Word with humility and reason. Too many are those who, feeling that they are learned in my affairs, write great books, seeking to guide and make known my will. Wrong are those who write of their own accord, who write without being united to Me, for I reveal My Will to the humble and simple of heart. Beloved, My Mercy remains with My children from generation to generation, but My people also know My Justice, and at this moment My Scale remains before mankind, before the approaching - (Christ allows me to see the great weight that the Archangels hold in their hands) - before the imminent arrival of the fulfillment of all that has been foretold to mankind. My Mother will be seen in several places around the world. She loves you so much that she is not holding back her battle for souls, because she possesses my Love and desire for souls. The events that will take place throughout the earth will be great. The armaments of war will lead to the cruelty of desolation that human beings have reached. Every nation will suffer from the repeated refusal to listen to the Divine Word, and indeed I come not only for the souls of men, but for the consciousness of each of you, because your conscience leads you to act for good or evil. And man, despising what my Mother announced to you beforehand to prevent the suffering of mankind, is unable to perceive the thoughtlessness that has mastered most of my children.... and those acts that are in accord with the way of the multitudes, which completely plunge into acts contrary to My Will. My beloved people, do not seek Me outside, I remain alive and beating within each of you. The pain will not only be physical, the hunger will not only be physical..., the greatest pain you do not know is the spiritual pain that all mankind will suffer as a consequence of constantly denying Me. My Church will experience great persecution, but let this not frighten you, rather let it make you resolute and determined to fight to reclaim your brothers and sisters and bring them to me. Each of you must radiate light to all your brothers and sisters, and this radiation of my light must be an instrument that truly bears witness to my presence in you. Do not rest to be transmitters of my Love. Do not falter before the passivity that evil wants to subject you to. Be children who do not remain dormant, but who share at every moment My Word explained in these My calls of infinite Love, so that no more souls may perish. Evil through its tentacles wants to subdue you and so occupy you during the day with its tasks, so that you are not Christians in practice, action and witness. I need my children to be spiritually energetic, energetic with love, energetic to share with all those before them my word and all that humanity already lives. Be courageous. These are not moments of waiting, but of decision. My scales desire to place each of you on it and that the harvest may be so abundant as to overcome the snares of evil. My beloved, how quickly you have plunged into error! How quickly you accept all that is not My Will, but rather the convenience of man! I do not stop, will you stop? I want my children to be steadfast, first of all towards themselves, to fight against their human 'ego', so that it does not weaken them in spirit, and their faith is strong and solid. How many of my Mother's exhortations have gone unspoken! ... and you ignore them, because they foreshadow events that you do not know, but what is happening is only a gentle nudge of the harshness and barbarism that humanity will have to face. All those who are constant, who remain ready to be transformed by my will, will live Heaven in advance, because my legions will not abandon them, but alongside each of my children, will give them the strength necessary to resist what is coming. How many suffer and prepare themselves materially for fear of scarcity of food, forgetting that I am the bread of life, and that if my people are faithful, they will not go hungry or thirsty, nor will they ever be abandoned by my hand! My beloved ones, mistakes will spread to all mankind and even the smallest countries, through their leaders who are turned away from My Will, they will suffer the cruelty of the man who despises Me and who has abandoned Me, but even in the midst of pain they will experience the consolation of My Love and the joy of walking in obedience to My Will. My beloved people, pray for New Zealand, she will suffer, her land will shake greatly. Pray, My children, pray for Nicaragua, she will be purified. My beloved people, wake up! Do not let the tentacles of evil's deception imprison your soul in this prison from which evil will never let it out again. Strive constantly to be those who do my will and be attentive. I do not want you to be immersed only in verbal prayer, you must live constantly in prayer through your works and your deeds, and at this time the prayer of my people must be the prayer of the battle for souls, in order to save those who remain lukewarm, for lukewarm will not be placed on my scales, but rather vomited out of my mouth. Beloved children, those who see the suffering and torment of humanity as distant are mistaken. No one knows the day or the hour, but the violence of mankind at this moment is the greatest sign of the nearness of the fulfillment of what my House has announced to you. Be vigilant my children! Be vigilant against those who call you to act and work against My Commandments. Receive Me, receive My Body and My Blood, strengthen yourselves, do not abandon Me in the Tabernacle, but do not forget that each brother and sister is a temple of My Holy Spirit, and at this time I call upon you to save these souls. Beloved children, I remain here before each of you, thirsting for the love of souls, and My people must make themselves willing to be messengers of My Love and My Truth. My beloved people, pray, pray fervently for Russia, pray fervently for the United States, both nations will suffer. My beloved people, abide in the faith, come to meet me, for I am waiting in front of each of you only for you to call upon me, so that I may enter your hearts from your human will. Be messengers of my word and be echoes of my calls. I bless you, abide in my Love and do not refuse; I come for you, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 27 2014 - Jesus Christ
My most beloved people, my Love is like noon, when the sun spreads its rays over everything that exists; even the most dark and gloomy places receive some of my light.... even those who do not love me, who do not seek me, who do not adore me and think they do not need me, they too receive the light of my Love. The light of my Love and my wisdom reaches all corners of man and all corners of my creation.... I forcefully approach those who try to hide and run away from me to wake them up, but some of them turn against me with rage, in absolute complaint. Beloved people, without me you are nothing, you are incapable of anything, you are absolutely nothing.... Beloved children, whoever comes to me, seeking my light and my Love, will find me; whoever comes, seeking darkness in my light and my Love, will be blinded by his own darkness, because darkness can never be found in my Love. At this moment, humanity is keeping me and my Heart completely crowned with thorns.... The violence of my children is constantly increasing and this will cause humanity to perish; those who are violent exalt Satan with thoughts that are contrary to my Love. I communicate through My faithful instruments, but you disregard My calls; instead, you act against My faithful instruments. Woe to those who rise up against My tools and deny My Word! They will perish before the same stubbornness of the human heart. How could this Christ not seek His people? How could this Christ leave His people to their free will without first calling them and warning them of what is coming? How can you expect my Mother, who loves you, to leave you to your fate, when she is the Ark of Salvation? My beloved ones, do not rest during the day or night, do not let fatigue force you to take a nap, for at this time my people must stand up with power, armed with my word, to awaken the consciences of their brothers. Now my children will know why I gave them a conscience, for the conscience will exert all its power on those who remain attentive and in unity with me. Meanwhile, that same conscience will deliver into the hands of evil those who give themselves over to evil, giving free rein to their lowest instincts, ruled by total violence. They will be instruments of the devil, executing evil against those who bear My love. My beloved ones, anger comes from Satan. It is through anger and violence that the devil will lead people to sustain a bloody struggle beyond human imagination. Madness and low instincts feed Satan; indifference and lack of love are the great attributes of Satan; division is Satan's weapon. You cannot be blind to the point of being unable to recognize whether good or evil dwells within you. To return to me, you must repent. I encourage you to pray for Chile, this beloved land must be cleansed. Some have disowned my Mother from this land, and others have driven her away. Pray for the innocents who continue to perish at the hands of these herds of power, power that leads them to rule. Dominion over my people has been given to those who have entrusted and handed over the fate of the people to the god of money. These in turn fall prey to those who truly and stealthily rule other countries. The freedom of nations no longer exists; freedom has been sold and compromised. Pray, my children, pray; the drums of war are sounding. Pray, the earth will speak through the volcanoes. My beloved people, my children, my omnipotence, my power, my majesty and my Love belong to each of you. Soon I will come to the conscience of each of you, I will come so that you yourselves can see how much you have offended Me. This coming of mine is personal, and every being existing on the surface of the earth will live in this moment, which will seem like an eternity. There will be no escape from it. This is my great Act of Mercy for humanity, even for those who think they do not deserve me. My arrival in the consciences of my children will be accompanied by a supernatural event on high. The decision, after self-examination, will be made in complete freedom. This self-examination will not be the cause of the conversion of all mankind, for even then they will claim that it did not come from Me, that it was not I who examined your consciences. They will deny Me, and some will rise up with greater force against Me and against those who will convert and seek Me. Therefore, I need you, My people, to remain attentive and firm, strong and resolute, resolute, united and convinced. My own, my legitimate children seek and fight to be one, but those who are not legitimate will strive for disunity because they are instruments of evil. My legitimate children speak only one word, only one language, and that is My Love for all souls. But My Love for souls also entails My Divine Justice, which does not fail to call you and do what must be done. My Justice comes to separate the wheat from the tares. My Justice will protect my people and deliver them from the hands of the great oppressor, the antichrist and his legions, hands that my Mother will crush with her purity. They deny the signs of the times; in doing so, they also deny me. Humanity does not live alone on earth, and the elements will rise up and say to those who deny Me: 'Here we are, to cleanse everything, to renew everything. We are here because we are obedient to the will of Christ, and we come for those who call themselves His children, but who have fallen prey and are instruments of evil. My children, are you aware of what it means to be food for evil? My people, wake up, the moment is near, do not deny your King any more, do not think that the moment is eternal and that the years will pass, on the contrary, this moment is like water flowing through your fingers. The time is mine. This is the moment of all moments. Fight, be brave, defend my truth, proclaim that I am coming soon. I am coming with My Justice to act before this generation that disregards My calls, denies My Mother, caves in to evil and makes room for an imposter to sit on the throne of My Church on earth. I warn you once again because of my Love for you, be vigilant through your senses, evil is coming to fight furiously against the senses of my children, bestowing great violence upon them. My beloved people, be assured that after the storm comes the calm of my Love, and that my Righteousness will not last forever, because my Love compels me to surrender to you; those who surrender everything for me will rejoice with me and sit at my table, but not before having surrendered everything for me. The one who reads these words of Mine receives a special blessing from Me and the strength to fight against his own human 'ego'. Keep My peace in your hearts. Be one and be one with Me; I bless you in My Father's Name, in My Name and in the Name of the Holy Spirit. May My peace be a blessing to all the faithful, as water is a blessing to the thirsty. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 03 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Blessing remains over each of you. In these penitential moments you must unite yourselves with the essence of My Cross, and in it you will find what still holds you back, for in My Cross I reveal to you the whole truth of My devotion, and there, in that truth, you will see what holds you back from being My true children. My beloved ones, restrain your mind, for it rules over people, leads your thoughts to remain in the affairs of the world and in the affairs of daily life, distancing your thoughts, your feelings, your Heart and the responsibility you have as My children. The uncontrollable race of humanity overwhelms you. Not the one who lives in the rapture of this world, nor the one who is unaware of his spiritual responsibilities, is able to ascend in spirit, unable to connect with Me. Not he who is unable to quiet himself will enter to hear Me in the mystery of his personal relationship with Me. Beloved children, the barbarism of this generation stems from this separation of people from their God, from this oblivion in which souls store Me, and this is a product of the plan that Satan and his henchmen have poured out on all of humanity. You will not overcome and resist the snares of evil if you are not aware that the priority for my children is Me. The obligations of the world are sometimes used by the enemy of the soul to distance my people from me, and since everything has moved forward at this time, so I require those who are mine to come my way, to be spiritually strengthened and to drink from my fountain of living water, so that thirst will not dominate them and lead them down the paths of evil. Restrain your senses so that they do not lead you to desire that which is not My Will, but above all, do not forget to restrain your mind, for the mind rules man and leads him to forget that I am his priority. People fight to keep the upper hand in everything, the purely material upper hand, because after all, the Supreme One, the King and the One who rules over souls, is and will be Me. Woe to those who torment My innocents! Woe to those who stain their hands with the blood of the innocent! They shall be judged severely. My beloved people, this generation does not yet believe in My calls or the calls of My Mother, it mocks us, not knowing that the enemy of the soul remains on earth with his greatest weapon - division. Maintain unity with my Will, invite me at every moment to remain in you and with you, so that the consciousness of me remains in you and does not lead you to betray me and be subject to division among my people. Unity is necessary among my children, for he who is divided will wander alone and subsist at the expense of the whims of the enemy of the soul. I come for my people, I desire souls, and man desires dominion over conscience, dominion over reason and over human intelligence; therefore, I have invited you to study me, to know me deeply and to see the essence of my Love. The human heart must beat with my heart; man was created in our image, but his life ends when man is called to return to my House. Therefore, modern man must be completely ready to be in My likeness and live, work and act also in My likeness, if I shine infinitely, each of you must shine in the same way.... if I am Mercy, you must be Mercy.... if I am the supreme intelligence, you must be copies of My intelligence.... if I am the Way, the Truth and the Life, you must follow My Way, be My Truth as witnesses and live constantly united in My Will. Man looks with contempt at what is happening in the world until these events affect him in his own body; this is a product of the indifference that Satan has instilled in man, but all of mankind will suffer and endure because every person needs purification. Accept my Cross with love, and it will not be heavy, but light, for love exalts everything. Woe to those people who banish My Love and banish love for their brothers and sisters! Woe to those who are hardened-hearted and have rejected the affections with which I have filled them, for this leads them to have hearts of stone, insensitive to human needs and human pain! My beloved people, the meadows will cease to be green, the waters will cease to be crystalline, the air will cease to be pure, and fire will raze great expanses of land, the elements will revolt before the cruelty of man. My beloved ones, what do you expect from a man who proves what cannot be proven in order to satisfy his selfish and power-hungry appetites? Great nations hide behind false pretenses, take their own initiatives, avoid speaking the truth, all so that mankind will not judge them and accept those lies they argue in order to cause chaos and havoc through war. Man did not hold back, even seeing the suffering of so many, many innocents who were unjustly subjected to the tyranny of the antichrist in World War II. And at this moment, when the superpowers are the real sources of destruction, possessing weapons that can destroy humanity in an instant, the mind of the leaders is clouded only by the desire to conquer and possess not territories, but natural riches, without thinking that natural riches are of no use to a humanity plunged into poverty, chaos, disease and destruction. In these penitential moments, man cries out, crying out for mercy, forgetting that I am constantly merciful to all. The one who is not merciful to himself is man.... beloved children, My true children are those who keep the peace, who do not allow anger to overwhelm them even for a moment. The enemy needs people imbued with anger to fight each other, to cause division and thus fulfill Satan's purpose. My true children are souls of peace, each of whom is aware that he is not only a missionary of My peace, but My soldier. You are My people, and My people love Me, adore Me, and My people honor My Mother for being My Mother, for being pure, Immaculate, for being the Ark of Salvation in these moments. Cover yourselves with Her mantle of protection! From on high you will hear thunder and a person will panic from lack of trust in Me. The moon will turn red, keep your faith as unshakable from what you will hear, from what your eyes will see, for I do not abandon My people. I protect you and will protect you at every step you take, if you remain strictly faithful to Me. Do not forget that to every generation I send help from My House, and this generation is no exception. I will send the one who speaks My truth and carries it throughout the world, preparing the way for My apostles of the end times. My people, do not fear, for your God is watching over you. Pray, my people, pray for Indonesia, for the earth will shake. Pray, my people, for Japan, for it will again spill its deadly venom on humanity. Pray, my people, pray for Central America, it will shake. Be aware of this moment and do not cling to what is material. Woe to him whose certainty, peace and security are grounded in materialism! For from second to second everything will collapse, and man will find himself empty-handed; but those who are my people know that I do not abandon them, and that my providence will be over my faithful ones. Trials for the purification of man are not and will not be easy, but then I myself will seat you at my table, and my people, my holy remnant will live my peace, will experience heaven from above as a reward for their faithfulness, but do not forget that for this you must keep the faith and remain faithful. The earth, as the cradle of man, is scorched and aged by the sin of mankind, which has escalated to unimaginable proportions. My legions of executors of my Will remain over the earth, and the elements are responding to unite man with my Will. The climate will amaze man with its unexpected change, and the earth will not stop moving. The expected events are on the earth. Pray without ceasing and pray putting my Word into practice. I bless you, I love you, do not forget that I remain with you. And if the complete fulfillment of what was foretold by my Mother has not yet spread to humanity, it is because if it were to come now, even those who think they are prepared would not be able to come with me. I bless you, I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 05 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. I cover all humanity with my mantle of love. The stars enlighten those who live in darkness. I see how nations persist in self-destruction and how they adore evil, indulging themselves without measure in the cravings that the worldly places before them. Man's thoughts in their nature are light, but man, polluting himself, impoverishes himself completely before his constant falls, giving his thoughts over to the clutches of evil. My children wander mindlessly, only repeating a series of acts of evil that keep them on the brink of a fatal end. Free will has been completely surrendered to Satan, and he, who never misses an opportunity to harm souls, leads them to perdition. You, my beloved ones, keep hope, do not remain in ignorance, do not sleep like the dead, but be attentive to events. My beloved ones, the future of my children is painful, but in the end the peace and blessing of my Son will remain triumphant for His faithful, for His people. How you deny that my Son foretells what is coming for His people, precisely because He is infinite love, He cannot allow His children to persist in the midst of the darkness of bondage and in the subjection of the economy! The allies of evil are working against My children. Beloved ones, the United States will shake, the eagle's head will suffer an attack, it will turn and soar in flight against the innocent, pointing out the guilty, but then the eagle will raise its cry asking for help, declaring itself defeated. My beloved, my faithful, the water is still agitated in search of land, the wind spreads with force causing destruction. Pray, my children, pray for Japan, she will shake again. Pray, my children, pray for Canada, she will suffer. Pray, my children, pray, for the innocent will suffer even more because of conflicts in various countries because of the manifestation of the violence that reigns in man. Pray, my children, pray for Venezuela, she will suffer before she finds peace for her people. My beloved ones, do not lose hope, keep faith at all times; you know my Son and you know that He does not abandon His people. Tribulation continues throughout the earth, but this tribulation will rage, and my Son's people will weep and suffer. But after purification they will find infinite light, and those who abide in trust in the word of my Son, without losing faith, will sing the glory and triumph of their Lord and their God. When evil prowls around, cry out to me, for I will come to you in haste, protect and defend you from the snares of the evil one. Enter the Heart of my Son and remain in communion with Him. Do not disregard this Mother. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 10 2014 - Mother of God
Blessed Virgin Mary: 'Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. You are my great treasure. Man enters into the memorial of my Son's sacrifice for all mankind, and my maternal Heart does not want the infinite essence of this union of my Son with this generation to go unnoticed by you. Without looking at the condition of souls, my Son, in His Infinite Love for mankind, took upon Himself every human work and action contrary to the Divine Will, and with His innocent blood won for man eternal Salvation, provided that man would be the image of divine works and actions. Beloved, the love of my Son surpasses the human mind.... Daughter, do you love the Cross? Luz de Maria: 'yes Mother, I undeservedly abide on it. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'I suffer daughter, because the Cross is not just a symbol as mankind has seen it; it is the great mystery of the Father and His Love for man. The Cross is glory and magnificence, man will never be able to surpass it. In every minimal sliver of holy wood vibrates the pinnacle of divine power, which will remain unchanged for ever and ever. The cross is exaltation, glory, majesty, triumph, eternity.... for those who find in it the essence of Salvation, Forgiveness and Love. Man does not delve into the mystery of the Cross, which becomes a light when man enters into the Infinite Love of the One who loves to the extreme in order to justify before the Father those who could not justify themselves except through the sacrifice of the Divine Lamb, the God-Man who is without blemish. The Mystery can be revealed by man, only and only when man is humble and strips himself of his selfishness, his will, his greatness, his pride and his interests. Daughter, do you know that my Son grieves greatly when He sees His children carrying His Cross as another addition, with contempt and ignorance conditioned by man himself? Some wear the crucifix on their chests when they adore Satan with their songs; they wear it when they kill their brothers and sisters; they wear it on their chests at times when they attack their neighbor or when they fail to convey the true word out of convenience and human respect. Beloved daughter, when people look at the crucifix, they see the image and focus on it, without going into the pain and suffering, without seeing the sacrifice, without seeing the Salvation of their own souls. On this Cross of love also remain frigid souls who, out of fear of criticism, persecution, mockery, abandon the way of my Son and surrender, like the crowds on Good Friday, to the tumult of those who, without conscience, allow themselves to be manipulated by the power of evil and swear allegiance to Satan, money, vice, lies and perdition. Daughter, do you know what is the source of my insomnia? Luz de Maria: 'what is it, Mother? Tell me. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'man has not been fully informed of what he possesses to elevate himself above his temporal consciousness. However, man knows that he is the image and likeness of God, and this empowers him to find the threshold of Divine Love and thus free himself from the bondage of what is temporal and finite. My children do not change their behavior; by not suffering, they deny the fulfillment of our calls. These children of mine will regret that they did not wait with holy patience, and instead did not develop and deepen their spiritual consciousness, so that in the light of the Holy Spirit they will accept that they are the persons chosen to maintain the decreed divine relationship, with the Holy Trinity. When purification knocks on their door, they will cry out to go away.... they were not prepared. The one who deliberately ignores the words of Heaven, the one who insists on being unpolished, proud and arrogant, does not allow the flame of love to burn to soothe the selfishness inside him. Daughter, my Heart burns with love to tear the veil that prevents people from connecting with my Son. The lack of love and gratitude in the human Heart has caused man to fall into sins that are the gravest and most hurtful to my Son's Heart and mine. Daughter, tell your brothers and sisters that during this Holy Week, this Mother is imploring them to reach into the depths of their consciences and there see my Son aching and suffering, waiting for them to open the door to Him. Tell them that I am asking them to allow my Divine Son to enter inside each one of them and thus prepare themselves for the coming events. Tell my children that the Kingdom of God remains within each of them, it is an infinite light that shatters all darkness. Tell them that my Son loves them with an everlasting love, beyond this earth where they live. Tell your brothers and sisters that they do not live by the oxygen they breathe or the food they eat, but by the Will of God. Remind them that if they ask, they will receive, but before they ask, they must think deeply.... Remind them to worthily receive my Son, who is present in the blessed sacrament, in His Body, Soul and Divinity. Do you know, daughter, that I am a Mother without children, and those who give themselves to me are despised? Luz de Maria: 'yes, Mother, I know. And those of us who love you feel your pain.' Blessed Virgin Mary: 'daughter, in this pain I hold tightly in my Heart those who will perish because of the events of nature, and even more so those who perish and will perish at the hands of man dominated by the lust for power, far, very far from the Will of God. How often evil surpasses man! And how often man contentedly submits to evil without any opposition! I urge you to pray for Brazil, she will be a victim of man himself, and with her evil behavior will bring pain to her land. Pray, beloved children, pray for Japan, the scourge of contamination will continue to spread. Pray, my beloved ones, for Ecuador, which will suffer through its volcanoes. They have awakened all over the earth. Pray that the consciousness of humanity will be alerted before the Yellowstone event. Children, no human being is abandoned by the hand of my Son, no one is denied forgiveness. But man has forgotten to ask for forgiveness.... Daughter, tell them that I want each of them to be a beacon of light for their brothers and sisters, it is necessary that they do not fear, but trust, everything is for the good of their souls. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 14 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. All, without exception, are my children, although not all love me as Mother.... all are children of my Son, although not all recognize Him as their King and Lord.... all people have a conscience, but not all have discovered it.... My beloved ones, I have called you without delay to change willingly, and to have your conscience alarmed and elevated above what is commonly normal in the world, but contrary to the Will of God. At this time, conscience is essential, the inner search for the inexhaustible divine source is essential. You, beloved, must unite with the Christ consciousness in all its precepts and values. The history of humanity is the history of disobedience. Humanity, guided by the wrong use of free will, makes my Son live in the present, in the pain of scourging, in the pain of the crown of thorns, in the pain of the cross, in the pain of insults, in the pain of crucifixion, in the pain of the spear in the side.... the passion of my Son remains ever present. Each one of you makes Him suffer again through your actions, which are governed by hearts of stone; you scourge Him, crown Him with thorns, spit on Him, condemn Him and crucify Him at once with your evil behavior. My beloved, I call upon you to be more spiritual, that is, to observe the law of love of God and neighbor. A Christian is not one who says prayers without kindling his heart with them.... A Christian is not one who goes halfway without considering the obligation incumbent upon him to go beyond mechanical prayers.... A Christian is one who transcends and enters into the essence of prayer, into the essence of every word, and does not allow his thoughts in meditation to be distorted by human concerns. My children focus their hearts, their affections, their devotion, their thoughts and all their strength, loving my Son and entering into His Divine Heart so that the mysteries may be revealed. My children do not jump into the void of misused theology, but rather are free to love my Son with all their strength, and their strength is what they carry within themselves. Beloved, as the Mother of Humanity, I must remind you that my Son remains in your midst, walking the streets and traversing your paths, my Son is eternally present, to whom you owe the honor and glory of the King, who is King over all that exists. Vain glory in man will be overshadowed by humility, power by simplicity, pride by mercy, but.... only when each of you is aware that the enemy of the soul dominates you. You live in the narrowness of human selfishness, you oppress your conscience so that it does not torment you, you prefer materialistic narrowness. My beloved ones, whoever does not seek unity by his own efforts, before my Son is the cause of the division of souls within the mission that my Son has entrusted especially to certain souls. Whoever does not seek unity now must internalize and see himself as he is, for at this moment he is allowing himself to be an instrument of the enemy to destroy what my Son built from the Cross, for my Son gave himself out of love for you, but this love brings with it brotherhood. He who is not fraternal must distance himself from his brothers and sisters until, through meditation, the Holy Spirit enters him and makes him submissive. My beloved ones, pride will perish in their own pride; do not forget that blessed is the one who takes the last place, for he will receive the reward of the one who takes the first place, for my Son does not see places or honors, but rather the Heart of His children. With what ease do you criticize one another, destroying the building that my Son built with His blood! A true Christian is one who has overcome all obstacles, first and foremost his human 'ego'; a true Christian is one who walks freely with his Heart pure and purified, first from his human 'ego' and then from the limitations and narrowness of the minds of the others. Beloved, you, who have been given the most, must be the cause and reason for unity.... I call upon you to be fraternal.... I urge you to be one in the love of my Son.... I urge you to take the word of my Son to your brothers and sisters, to alert those hearts and minds that are asleep, because the moment has ceased to be a moment. Beloved ones, this is the moment to rise and leap beyond the ordinary, for the temples of stone will fall, they will be demolished, but the inner temple in which my Divine Son resides, this temple will remain, if you live in your soul this constant union with the Divine Will. Children, the earth is already exhausted, it is constantly receiving the sin of mankind and grave offenses, and it is sick because of man; it vomits the sin of man through volcanoes, it trembles before the pain of so many innocents who suffer, and when it shakes, the waters of the seas rise again. Pray for Japan, she will suffer. Pray for Chile, it will suffer. The mind of man is ruled by evil, Satan and his followers make their nest in the Heart of those who, like stones, are impenetrable to the love of my Son, and constantly undermine and destroy the souls of millions and millions of innocents. Satan lurks around each and every one of you to bring you down, and therefore I strongly urge you to humility, for pride is fertile ground for evil. My beloved, be a model of unity and brotherhood fight for one cause, the restoration of the Kingdom of my Son on Earth. Know that before this happens, like gold in a crucible, you will be purified, and of this have no doubt. Those who at this moment scoff at my Son's and my calls will fall to their knees and strike their breasts for having scoffed and disregarded our calls. I see people rejoicing in pleasures, on the beaches, taking advantage of these days to bring temporal pleasures to their hearts, but the hand of my Son, bleeding with mercy, has fallen upon mankind and mankind will suffer its own evil. People of my Son, silence the voices of selfishness, farce, hypocrisy and ignorance, and you may be able to hear my cries, I do not want more souls to be lost. Unfortunately, I hear some of you reproaching me that the Righteousness of my Son has not come to his people. I ask you, are you prepared? Are your hearts and feelings pure? Are your wishes for your brothers and sisters good? Do you fight for unity and love my Son above all else? How I regret that those who demand the swift justice of my Son are not yet prepared to receive it! This justice will come, it will come inexorably, with greater speed than you yourselves think; man's life is based on the god of money.... in an instant this God will fall and dissipate. Pray, beloved children, pray for England, which is turning away from the love of my Son by leaps and bounds. My children, adore my Son, love Him, thank Him, adore Him. I know that you are not of those who have a crucifix hanging around your neck without pretending to know it. Allow my crucified Son to enter your inner chamber and hear His voice. I, as the Mother of Humanity, am guiding you so that you will be aware of the near moment in which you are living; this generation will not pass without a great purification coming down. Do not wait any longer. Follow the path of my Son's love, and the rest will be given to you; look to the Heavens, for signs will tell you that the moment is approaching when God's people will know how much they have offended Him. Remain at the foot of the Cross of my Son, for there I am found. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 17 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I have sought you every moment of the life that has passed. I sought you on sunny days, in which everything shone for you and was happy; I came before you..., and you rejected me, not needing me. I looked for you on dark days, on gray and cold days, on cloudy days, in which perhaps sickness or emptiness of soul or loneliness knocked at the door of your life; I came before you..., and you rejected me, blaming me for everything you were suffering. I sought you out when I saw you lonely, to be a friend who comforts and who accompanies..., but you rejected me because you say you do not need my friendship. I sought you to bring water to your hardened hearts, the water of my Love and my Mercy..., but you told me that you prefer the water of the world, of unholy passions, of selfishness and jealousy, of pride and slander, of lust and hypocrisy; you told me that there you find happiness for your souls. I came out to meet you in the life of each of you, because as the Father of love I never abandoned you, but you refused in the face of my calls, in front of this beggar of love..., you refused in front of this crucified Christ, bloodied with love for you. Mankind has rebelled against its God; this has happened throughout history, but no other generation will surpass the sin and transgressions committed against My Will, as this generation has done. How many Herods went against innocence! Satan, wishing to annihilate innocence and thus monopolize souls, poured out his wrath on the innocent. With every passing moment, new Herods are raising their hands to exterminate the life of innocence on earth. I am Mercy and My Heart bleeds before those of My people who dare to act against the most precious gift I have equipped man with - life. How many Herods there are whose minds are saturated with trivialities and saturated with the poison that Satan has injected into their hearts...! How many Herods in laboratories wrongly use science...! How many Herods give orders to kill innocent people...! The great Herod of this humanity is the lust for power, and it undermines the mind of my children, hardens the Heart of my children so that they do not listen, do not see, do not feel, do not think, but act only under the influence of their perverse instincts poisoned with evil. With so much sadness, I see how my people have forgotten what I suffered for each of them...! Instead, these stony hearts sacrifice themselves in these holy moments to blaspheme against My sacrifice for each of them. My beloved people, children of My Cross, return to My way. This is how I will call you until the last moment, but do not wait until the last moment, for this is the moment of moments. My hand has fallen on a humanity tainted by all evil, in which envy and disunity reign. Soon I will come before each of you, before hearts of stone, to examine the actions and conduct of each of those who are Mine. I see you approaching my altar to receive me, after you have profaned the temple of my Holy Spirit, which is each of you. How fallen is the human will! How man drags himself before evil, not having enough strength to rise from the mud at this moment! O mankind, how you offend me and how you will cry! By your own hand you will perish. Before the desire to deepen, you have crossed the boundaries that as my children you could have crossed and smoothed the path of evil, and on it you will perish. How many people are suffering because of misused technology! This plague... that will not stop flogging humanity, this plague built en masse by those who indulge in evil.... I am your God, and as such I know all things and see all things, but as a man of sorrows I have continually poured out mercy on those who have offended me, but my hand has fallen and my Justice comes to every man. My Mother is constantly despised, and still calls upon you to take her hand. My Mother's calls are scorned and mocked, even by those who are dedicated to Me. On this day when you celebrate the commemoration of the institution of my Body and Blood and priestly ministry, I encourage you to open your heart to my Mother, because every consecrated priest and religious who loves my Mother knows me in spirit and in truth. My people, reflect on yourselves before you have to test yourselves before Me. My children's fatigue, which redoubles efforts for those who do not pray, for those who do not offer themselves, for those who do not believe, for those who do not work for humanity; fatigue, at times, will want to break you, but you, my children, rely on my Mother, for she will give you the strength you need so that you will not falter. Invite me constantly to act and work in you, so that in this way you will gradually begin to merge with my Will, and your human works and deeds will be transformed into my likeness. People, litter between pleasure and money, and this god of money will yield before the power of the powerful who manipulate all of humanity. You children, do not cling to what is trivial and transient. Remain with me and with my Mother, for as I led my people through the wilderness, so I will lead you and feed you from my Will, because you have remained faithful when persecution falls upon you at the hands of the antichrist and his allies. You who listen to My Word, do not let spiritual zeal or jealousy divide you, for this is the goal of the one who will come to persecute My People. My beloved children, at this time I encourage you to pray for the Middle East, the conflict that is being lived through has been hidden by putting other issues before you, be vigilant. Pray, my children, for the United States - this great nation will suffer from the attacks of nature, especially the fire that will come from the volcanoes. Pray, my children, for Guatemala; it will shake. Pray for the people who will die when the earth roars and opens up. My beloved ones, soften your hearts before night and darkness cover the earth. Stay alert, you will see another great sign in the sky. Do not forget that for the one who remains faithful to Me, I remain by his side every moment, in joys, in tribulations, in loneliness, in fatigue and in happiness, but above all I flood his entire being with My Love. My beloved ones, do not fear what is coming; fear to offend me, fear to see me hanging on the cross and do not shrug before your desire to participate with me in my sacrifice for all humanity. My people, do not be afraid. I remain faithful to my people, and after the Tribulation they will live in the fullness of day, where the sun of my Love will shine for all my faithful, where darkness will no longer exist and sin will be eradicated from the earth. Do not fear, for I do not abandon my people, at every moment I have sent someone to help my people, and this moment will be no exception. Do not be afraid, for My legions will come to you to help you. Do not be afraid, for my Love and my Heart are waiting for each of my faithful children. My blessing be with you and with all my consecrated ones who love me in spirit and truth. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 18 2014 - Mother of God
Children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. Take up anew the prayer to Saint Michael the Archangel. The companions of your path remain with you. The hosts of heaven abide over mankind in those moments, already foretold by me, in which good and evil fight for souls. You have abandoned the practice of prayer and must take it up again. Prayer must be active and not passive, evil remains in constant action; likewise, you, my children, must carry the word of my Son and my calls everywhere. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, each of you is fertile or barren land; each of you has a field within you, mined by the 'ego' of human selfishness, which you must overcome with a clear and just conscience, acting and working in the likeness of my Son. You must follow His divine Commandments, so that the field mined by human selfishness does not lead you to continually fall into the clutches of evil, but to hold My hand and abide in constant thanksgiving and adoration of My Son. My beloved ones, man has never faced a moment as spiritually decisive as this.... and you continue as if you had not heard. Woe to those who do not pay attention to the calls of my Son, for the present moment is the moment of truth, is the moment of souls who love my Son in spirit and truth! I, as a sorrowing Mother, on this special day of remembrance, remain with my Heart constantly pierced by constant offenses that wound me like daggers and make my Heart bleed, because of the constant refusal to see myself without blindfolding, without dissimulation and without excuses. But you are more afraid of the evil into which you have fallen than of losing the eternal life that my Son offers you, because you are constantly living in coming and going. This is a trick, a deception of evil, so that you cannot reflect and so that you act automatically and without conscience. This is the moment when you must remain in battle against all the weaknesses that lead you to offend my Son. I call upon each of you to be one who does the will of my Son, I call upon each of you to accept your path, accept your personal mission and love the mission of your brothers and sisters. This is the great task I am handing over to you at this moment; delve into it and promise yourselves to transform your personal works and deeds into the works and deeds of my Son, so that you will be those who fulfill His will and thus allow me to love you. Don't forget to call upon your traveling companions to guide you as you ask for this. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 20 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, you must already be one with my Will..., the only weapon of Salvation for man in these urgent moments. My people must be those who fulfill My Will, and for this you must annihilate human selfishness with all its obstacles, you must be an example for your brothers and sisters, not a cause of division and confusion. My Love is both Mercy and Justice; you, as a generation of sin, have committed yourselves so that my Will will be shed over the whole earth. I encourage you not to give up, to stand steadfast, to defend the Faith, and for each of you to be a true example and authentic witness of my Love and my Will to the people. My beloved people, you are walking steadfastly toward the difficult times of terror, famine and plagues. I will continue to reach out to you, for I will not leave you alone. My beloved people, it is not a matter of preparing yourselves materially or thinking that it is enough to observe the Commandments in your own way, but you must repent for the deeds you have committed against Me and against yourselves, at moments when your faith and love for Me have been completely shaken. In order to achieve total consciousness, you must come out of the profane. I desire a glorious people, a zealous people, a people aware that I am their God and they are my children. I encourage parents to become what they have not been until now. I encourage them to see without a blindfold, to thus nourish their children from a young age with prayer and in solitude with Me, which is familiar to them, and not to desire to continue to wander in what is worldly, in sin, in temptation, in the company of messengers of evil. You are not alone, the spiritual battle is at its height. I will spit the lukewarm out of my mouth, but those who fight to remain in my Will will obtain glory. Follow the blessings, so that you may witness my works and deeds. My beloved ones, the sun will emanate its strength and man will be shaken by its power, which will affect several countries. My beloved people, I call upon you to pray, but not in a mechanical way, but to pray in my Will, as I have already commanded you, with your spirit and good deeds. I bless you, but not without first calling on you to pray for my beloved nation of Chile - its suffering will continue. Pray for Japan, which will shake with great force. Each of you pray for yourselves, as the strength of my Spirit will continue to guide you to overcome your daily downfalls. I love you and bless you. My Love remains with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 24 2014 - Jesus Christ
Christ: beloved of my people, I am the Way, the Truth and the Life. Beloved, there was only one way to attain eternal life, that is My way. Humanity did not want to see my call clearly, did not understand me, and still remains without understanding my word. You are my children. Man reflects the truth, the good will he carries within himself, in his Heart he reflects good or evil. Beloved daughter, will man find Me if he remains in a world that is so agitated? Luz de Maria: 'no, my Lord, I do not judge. Christ: daughter, my truth is not revealed in a person whose mind remains agitated by obligations. Quieting the human 'ego' is the way to achieve peace in the soul. Every action must be shaped by wisdom, so that wisdom leads a person to action, merciful, humble and simple of heart. You know that I rejoice in the peace of man, although only a few are able to keep peace; these are wise people, for wisdom guides those who have a pure heart, so that they act with integrity. At this time, wantonness must be banished from people, for wantonness will be the mistress of man's ill will toward his brothers and sisters, and will unleash more and more anger until man tears himself to pieces. Beloved, do you know how I desire those who are Mine? Luz de Maria: 'yes Lord, in Your image and likeness. Christ: daughter, I desire them to be peaceful; since I, being God, surpass man in patience, how is it that man gives himself over to the powers of evil, serving as a medium to agitate his brothers and sisters in a fierce struggle of forces that will destroy humanity? Love is one of the greatest gifts I have bestowed upon man, but man has made it disappear from his life, because his Heart does not want to love, and his conscience has darkened so that he feels no remorse in the face of evil deeds. With each passing moment, my children become more distant from me, they are so weak that Satan, who prowls the world, finds thousands of people into whom he can enter and possesses them, flooding their hearts and minds with acts of anger and desire for death against their own siblings, children, parents and family members. This is the reason you don't know me; evil has found fertile soil and is spreading its wickedness throughout the world, so that man is surpassing it as he came to surpass it. Do you know, daughter, who the traitors are? Luz de Maria: 'those who go against your laws. Christ: 'they are those who lead my children to cause conflict; those who cause disunity; those who spread anger and persecution; those who are indifferent to those in need; those who threaten and attack the innocent and the gift of life; those who are responsible for causing wars between nations; those who spread enmity and lack of brotherhood with gossip and deceit; those who bring discord; these are those who profane my temple, are enemies of my House and allies of evil. Do you know which of them are my children? Luz de Maria: 'those who follow Your will. Christ: they are those who fight for concord, for brotherhood; those who are the cause of unity and solidarity; those who promote love, peace and fraternity among people. Those who, clinging to me, withstand the pressure of a society that mocks them. Constantly, with his great sting, the devil creates situations that separate those who are mine, and those who do not remain steadfast, turning to me through prayer and putting it into action, and by meditating on my path to Calvary, in the sufferings of my Mother, will falter and fall. My beloved people, I am not a God of punishment, but a God of Righteousness, and My Righteousness desires to stop evil, so that no more souls perish. The great purification still beats over mankind, but when it passes, the light of my Love will envelop souls, and hearts will never harden again, because evil will be banished from the earth and everything will be renewed. Children, when you find yourselves on the true path, stick to it, do not let criticism fill you with fear. Be persistent in spiritual habits, and you will reach the joy of eternal life. My people, do not listen to the voices of those who have turned away from Me, they will see My Righteousness over all mankind with horror and fear. You will be assured that My protection will not abandon you for a moment. The whispers of war will cease to be whispers, and humanity will enter its own Calvary. Volcanoes will emanate their wrath against man, and the earth will continue to shake with greater regularity. Brother will not identify with his brother, because the devil has poisoned the minds of those who are weak and lukewarm. Look into the sky and you will be amazed at what you will see. The sun and moon will give signs of what is coming. Beloved, pray for the Philippines - they will be shaken. Beloved, pray for Mexico - it will suffer a lot. Beloved, pray for Japan - it will be an instrument of division and pain for humanity. I love you all with the same love of the Father for His own. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 27 2014 - Jesus Christ
Christ: my beloved people, on this day when my Church celebrates the Feast of Divine Mercy, the doors of my merciful Heart remain open, waiting for those who wish to approach to receive the special graces that flow from my Will. My mercy never closes when one of my children comes to me with a contrite and humbled heart and a firm intention to improve. For more than two thousand years I have been addressing mankind, persistently crying out without respite.... You seek my presence in the world and its pleasures; you will not find it there. You seek my presence in simple things that give happiness and encouragement for a few minutes; you will not find it there. My beloved, do you know how people seek me? Luz de Maria: 'I believe that what their eyes see is what gives them security; they do not see You. Christ: I call on the small and simple, the strong, the powerful of this world; I call on everyone to forgive them, even those who are most guilty. I have no need of men; my glory and my Kingdom cannot be diminished by any creature. But if not through the Cross, you will not reach me, and people fear my Cross and despise it. Everyone carries his personal Cross, if someone abandons it on the road and goes on without it, it is a sign that he does not want to walk beside Me. Beloved, do you know if all people love me? Luz de Maria: 'I would like to answer in the affirmative, Lord, but not everyone loves you. Christ: I, as King, ask my children: what have I done to you that you do not love me? I know the answer, parents do not speak of me at home, in my temples one hears only of my Mercy, and man grows up thinking that I am a deaf and dumb God, and so gives himself over to pleasures without reparation, insults me without measure, despises my Mercy because he does not want to improve, and in the second life he will experience the power of my Divine Justice, but first he will suffer for having despised me. You were expecting a call for total complacency..., but My Mercy is so infinite that it includes guiding you along the path of truth. Whoever does not carry his Cross and follow Me is not on the same path as Me. This is a day of joy, and then, what will it be? ... everyone will reach his Mount Calvary, and some will pick up the Cross, others will abandon it along the way, including those who serve me on the altar. Beloved, will mankind be aware of the redemption? Luz de Maria: 'My Lord and my God.... how can we hurt You more with an answer! Christ: I see the earth and it is tormenting itself. I see man suffering, I see my Church and I see that it too is suffering. So many of my children have abandoned my Cross on the road to give themselves to what is easy, to those who do not love me and want to obscure my Laws and Commandments. What my Church suffers is not greater than what I have suffered, and it is not greater than my suffering.... so many of my children, close to my Church for appearances sake.... make me suffer more. So many misinterpretations of what should not be interpreted, but obeyed.... make me suffer more. How many slander my Church! ... And makes me suffer even more. How many will flog it until it is divided...! This makes me suffer. My Church will triumph, it will triumph in the end; before that happens, there will be a division and they will make me suffer because my greatest enemies will be within it. A separation will be necessary so that you will see the evil in your consciences, and at the same time the good that you must follow and do. I call upon my people to be firm and not to separate, trials come from people and from the evil that has taken possession of souls, giving them a God who is not me, who will satisfy them with the lowest bestialities. Nature itself is exhausted and goes against man. I seek solace in those who are Mine, in My faithful, in those who abide by My Cross and do not separate themselves from it. My Mercy seeks man, calls upon him, appeals to him, but man comes out against Me with evil, prepares wars that will break out in an instant, nations will fight fierce battles that will encompass the entire world. The past suffering of past generations will be nothing more than a prelude to what is to come.... My Justice is coming, I must find the man who is hiding from Me. Man does not desire My Mercy, which seeks him constantly, and I do not want to lose My children, so I come with My Justice to save souls. Man is stubborn, and when I stand before him and see his weakness and resistance to Me, I see that it is necessary to touch him, yes, touch him in what he needs to live, until under punishment he returns to My arms. This does not apply to those who have protected themselves under the total dominion of evil; they deny Me and sink more into the mud, turning away from Me. But I come to save those who are Mine. Beloved, do you know how I suffer? Luz de Maria: 'yes, my beloved, I know...'. Christ: I see my Cross set aside by those who do not accept it, my legions pick it up and kiss it, they walk beside the man, waiting for the moment in which he will frown, return and take it in his arms. But the world offers distractions and silences laments with intoxicating drinks and songs that darken the mind and bend the spirit to evil, working against me. I will find the means to re-establish My Kingdom among men. My Mercy will not find walls, but will spread with joy over all My children, and they will be My people, and I will be their God. Pray, beloved, My Mercy asks you to pray for Japan - the earth will shake. Pray in My Mercy for Chile. Pray in my Mercy for the United States - they will suffer through nature. I bless you. He who turns to my Mercy finds joy in advance. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 01 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I, as the Mother of Humanity, as the Mother of each of you, walk with you through life, and in your falls I lift you up as the Mother of love, in each of you I see my Son, each of you I love with all my maternal heart. When I received you at the foot of the Cross, I did not receive only some, but the entire human generation, to be both Mother and teacher. And just as I went from being a Mother to being the first disciple of my Son, so I wish to intercede for you, so that each of you may be a true and faithful disciple of my Son at this moment when man's thoughts and conscience, of his own free will and volition, have ceased to fulfill their mission, and thoughts and conscience are attached to the whims of the enemy of the soul. At this moment, I accompany you more than at any other moment to return you to the path of truth, the only path that will lead you to attain true wholeness and eternal life. My beloved ones, you live in the world, but do not allow the worldly to invade you and lead you down erroneous paths where you will find only doom. The violence of man at this time causes me, as Mother, to have a wounded Heart, and as your Advocate before my Son, I plead for each of you. Your conscience has been attacked by a lack of conscience, because evil has taken possession of you in such a way that you voluntarily give yourselves over to the clutches of perdition and perversion. The anger in man is injected by evil, but man looks at evil only through the devil as such, and does not come to his senses that the devil as such tempts him and leads him to sin; but at this moment he is not only at work, but keeps all his tentacles in constant action to attack man not only in his selfishness, not only in his 'ego', not only through his free will, but through all the means within his reach. My beloved ones, you must know that man's food at this moment is not the same as it was in the past, and that what you are using is a weapon that is actively poisoning your bodies at this moment, my children, so that if you do not fall by surrendering your free will to evil, you fall by the diseases caused in your body by what you consume. My duty as Mother is not only to call you to prayer, to repentance, to love, to unity, to brotherhood, to receive my Son in His Body and Blood, to visit Him constantly in the Tabernacle, to observe His Commandments. But my duty as a Mother leads me beyond this, leads me to knock on the door of your conscience, that conscience which has been poisoned and to which I desire to bring with my Love the antidote, so that it may take up anew the function for which it was created in man and reopen the door for my Son to enter the human person. Economic interests maintain primacy over man and over man's life at this moment and in the blink of an eye, the collapse of economics will lead man to lose his sanity because he will feel that he is deprived of everything, he will feel that his hands are empty, but this will be the moment when my true children will take the opportunity to show their works and deeds and show my Son their hands full of an abundant harvest of works and deeds for life, love, neighbor and brotherhood. Today, at this moment, my call is to all those of my children who give themselves with great love to lead and help their brothers and sisters, so that they do not forget that where brotherhood does not reign, my Son does not reign, because true love does not reign. I urge you to be humble, not only in words or appearance, but rather to be truly humble through deeds and actions, not to feign humility, because he who does not possess humility cannot bring words of humility to his brothers and sisters. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, each moment greatly minimizes the one that is approaching, and this must be a reason for you to quicken your step and offer yourselves a radical change of life. You must be a light in the midst of the thick darkness that shrouds the minds and hardened hearts of most of your brothers and sisters; do not want to accept the fate of humanity, which is failing anew, feeling superior to my Son and not recognizing Him. This was one of the reasons for the downfall of previous generations, and the present one is repeating the same mistake anew, opposing and disobeying my Son. You do not recognize me as Mother, and I forgive you for that, but recognize my Son, King of kings and Lord of lords, recognize Him in all creation, recognize Him in your brothers and sisters, and be people who reason, who observe, and who use the gift of intelligence to be able to recognize the signs of this moment, which are none other than those that appear before the end of this generation. All of nature trembles and flinches at the indifference and denial of my children, and even more at the indifference and denial of those who, calling themselves those who know my Son, who know theology, who know 'Theos,' deny that my Son is coming again, and that my Son, as the righteous King, is giving each of those who belong to Him what they deserve. To the last moment, to the last breath of life, man must fight for his Salvation. No one is saved until my Son declares him saved, until that person gives the maximum of his commitment and struggle through his deeds to make himself worthy of Salvation, because a person can fall in an instant; but you, my children, must arise at the very moment when time has ended and my Son separates the wheat from the chaff. Do not shudder at the spreading anger that engulfs man, but be the positive pole that attracts my Son's love and blessing to mankind, oppose man's negativity with love for my Son and for your neighbor. At this time, I encourage you to pray fervently for the Middle East. I encourage you to pray for Russia, which has not been consecrated to my Immaculate Heart and will be the cause of suffering for humanity. I urge you to pray, faithful children of my Immaculate Heart, for all your brothers and sisters who have allowed the enemy to seize their mental power and go against their brothers and sisters, but even more I urge you to pray for all my Sons who work in the vineyard of my Son and are not true. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this is the moment of truth, this is the moment of true children, true worshippers, true followers of the divinity of my Son, and I, as His first disciple, invite you to say with me: 'My Lord and my God, I believe in You, but multiply my faith, for temptation looms over mankind, but Your love overcomes what is insurmountable for man. In You I trust, my Lord'. Beloved children, be fighters, do not diminish yourselves, you are heirs of the Kingdom. I love you, I bless you. Mama Mary. I bless this earth, this earth especially, this earth on which my feet are standing at this moment, to unite those who are mine in the sacred heart of my Son. Receive my Blessing and the peace of my Son. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 06 2014 - Mother of God
Blessed Virgin Mary: 'Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, my Son warns His people out of love for those who are His. Beloved daughter, I am not a messenger of the evil that afflicts mankind, I call on you all, and you do not listen to me, I call on you to abide in a state of grace, to work without rest, so that you do not show my Son empty hands.' Luz de Maria: 'yes, Mother, I know that you are love, that you do not want your children to be lost.... And you warn them'. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'I warn you not to get lost in false speculations or supposed guidance from my Son, or from me. Children, you have established diabolical power in the world, maintaining what is needed for the antichrist to continue sowing evil everywhere. He undermines with tricks; being the most perverse, he remains unnoticed before mankind until he is discovered. At this point he executes his plan against people; like the wind that blows good or bad, on good or bad, so the antichrist will outdo those who consciously act and indulge in sin. Beloved, the moment has come when man's 'ego' is so deep that he does not think about his brothers and sisters, but rather about himself, only about his pleasure. They will be spit out by the Father if they do not repent before being called. Evil reigns not only in despicable attitudes toward the innocent, but in people themselves, who, as in the past, sacrifice their lives to please themselves. What mankind has lost and man has come to like is called selfishness. Great selfishness leads man to massacre himself, then he will do it to his brothers and sisters, his relatives, to the point where this selfishness and the madness it has produced will lead man to be a scourge to others. This is the point at which human beings do not recognize themselves, at which personal interests prevail, and conscience has been strangled by a stony heart. Beloved ones, man does not kill with weapons alone, but rather with his hardened conscience and his selfishness, the architect of great evil. Beloved children, man has turned into a body of personal interests. To you, my faithful, who await my Son, do not fall short, draw strength from the source of true love, which will never run dry. Abide without fear, know that my Son does not leave your side, and with Him you have everything. I extend my hand to you so that you do not fear, I offer it to all who will accept it. I call upon those who love my Son, who love His peace, His love and His truth, to join forces against the forces of evil that overcome those who are weak. Beloved children, now is the moment to wake up, to remain vigilant, you know very well that there is an imposter, a person who will come to ally himself with the vulnerable, extending to all of humanity. This person is a public figure and uses technological media to stay in touch with people's minds. Do not remain indifferent to the events and signs of this generation. This antichrist will come to betray the people of my Son with the help of great world power that has been gained without humanity seeing it; compromises between countries that are seemingly enemies will be a great deception. Pray, beloved children, pray for the United States and for Syria. It must be clear to the people of my Son that His Divine Kingdom is not of this world and that He will descend from Heaven with Glory and Majesty. The Antichrist has emerged and is operating from the earth, from among the people, from the earthly powers, political and powerful; he will have power over all that is religious and political. The moments are near, do not doubt it children. Pray, children, for Israel; the war is coming soon. Beloved daughter, speak unity and brotherhood, spiritual growth and awareness of what is happening. My Son desires a people awakened and proficient in His Love, conforming to and living in His Will. Only in this way will my Son's people be saved. I love you all, I bless you all. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 11 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, with the same constancy as one who firmly believes in his God, so are my children those who will endure under the merciless sun of the wrath of your brothers and sisters and the attacks of nature. Man, contaminated by himself and that which surrounds him, will not resist the constant invasion of the elements created by the man of science. The waves spread with the air, attacking and causing man's uncontrollable attitudes to make him less human, alienating his senses and feelings so that they do not connect with me. Man has proposed his own self-destruction. In this way, his feelings and his faith will be able to negatively affect the realization that everyone is a child of Mine, filled from the beginning with the love of My Holy Spirit. My people do not know all the harsh reality, and the truth is covered up with evil purposes. Beloved ones, those predictions of Mine have come, in which I warned you that you will become just a number. As overpopulated, they will reduce you at the will of the powerful who run the world. Man lives and will live without seeing further, being superficial and physical in every aspect of his life. Without my spirit illuminating man, he remains devoid of wisdom. He goes about perceiving only what his five senses allow him to perceive, this determines what kind of consciousness I do not want the nation to consist of great scholars, but of simple souls who love me, who thirst for knowledge and are aware of how science manipulates human behavior. My Church has not been warned by the hierarchy and is walking around oblivious to the signs of the times..., in this moment of moments. He who turns to me, seeking my light, will find it; those who, in the darkness of their stubbornness, deny my word, also deny human history. As in the past, so now they deny what is coming, until the burning fire touches them; only then will they know that they have denied my word, that they have disbelieved in me and turned away from my truth. Pray, my beloved, for Syria, for it will be destroyed in its ambition for power. My children do not walk in truth, nor do they desire my truth. My creation lives according to My Will, and she will be the executing arm of My Justice.... Pray for the United States, it will be scourged by nature. My Church will be troubled, divided, but will not be defeated. My beloved people, My enemies are in excess, peace does not remain in their hearts, they do not know My Love; the most intimate fibers of the human Heart have hardened and will harden even more. So many vermin do not allow you to trust and accept My Word! Wicked passions achieve more than My Word.... Woe to him who denies My Word, denies My redemption! You, beloved children, do not turn away from Me, for My Righteousness is coming soon and I am coming to reap a harvest. Beloved ones, your guardian angels are fighting the demons who do not hang around, but who have entered the heart of man. I know well that it is my Word that is a spear to some, it hurts you; living in your comforts, you do not want to wait for me duly prepared to stand before my Justice. 'Not all who say, Lord, Lord! shall enter the Kingdom of Heaven', nor all who believe that they serve me..., nor the elect who do not fulfill my Will..., nor those in whom my love does not dwell..., nor those who cause division..., nor those who look to me from afar..., nor those who use power against my children, and especially against the weak. The one who shakes humanity with lies will not be my Son. My beloved ones, the eagle who proudly soars to the heights, sees everything that moves on earth and wounds so that his prey does not escape his claws, I will cut off his talons. Beloved, the bear moves haughtily and with his great strength tries to intimidate everything that can move and with apparent sweetness approaches his prey, but I will reduce his strength at the same moment. I am who I am! Pray, My beloved ones, pray; communism spreads like water in rivers when it rains and the flow is rapid. My people, I do not distance myself from my faithful, this is what my covenant with my faithful requires.

May 16 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my motherhood, I bless your every step, I bless your every thought. My beloved children, everything that exists, has existed and will exist was created by the Father's Hand: nature in its entirety, to be man's pride and sustenance; the animal kingdom, to accompany man and help him not only in his sustenance, but to adorn the Father's creation; the mineral kingdom, so that in it man may be amazed by the magnificence and beauty with which the Father has adorned it. At this time, I urge you to be fully aware that everything that exists came out of the Father's hand for the sake of man, and that man was the one who deformed this divine creation. Be vigilant, because ideological tendencies and false ideologies, especially religious ones, want to confuse my children, and they succeed. Nature was created by the Father to be loved, admired and respected by man, as are all the Kingdoms. Therefore, do not be misled by those insincere and false excuses and accusations of some people who have taken the work of the Heavenly Father and attribute it to ideologies contrary to the Divine spirit. I am referring to all those who belong to the so-called New Age and who have appropriated the work of the Heavenly Father, accusing and stigmatizing those who, while doing and obeying the will of my Son, strive for the good of creation, in order to give back to the Father that love with which He bestowed upon man all that is necessary for survival on this planet. Have confidence that what exists does not belong to any false ideology; it belongs to God the Father for the good of man, and it is man's duty and obligation to protect everything, all of creation. Proclaim freely the defense of creation, for this is the will of the Father, for whoever does not defend creation does not defend what is most sacred, that is, the human person. My beloved people, it is not enough that you speak of yourselves, that you are aware of the events that are taking place among humanity at this moment, and which are leading you unhindered and quite rapidly to the abyss. You who call yourselves my children must not only be aware of the moment in which humanity is living, but aware that each of you should be a reflection of the deeds and works of my Son, and therefore be people of peace, love, harmony, humility and truth. Truth means proclaiming, like my Son and his disciples, just that: true love. True love does not hide the vices that lead your brothers and sisters to fall into the abyss where Satan waits for his spoils. True love is that which realizes, acts and fulfills the will of my Son, and that is to save as many souls as possible. (At this moment, Mother presents me with a great battle, a great war that is about to break out. She shows me a calendar and its pages flip quickly, marking the months, and I see the number of innocent people suffering because of it. And she shows me the number of demonic beings completely deformed who are taking possession of the soldiers, as I see them with weapons and killing all who cross their path, nursing infants and their Mothers, Pregnant Mothers, children, adults and youth who do not want to participate in this war). My beloved people, you continue as if what I announced was not going to happen for a long time, and you have forgotten that time is not time and does not exist, rather it is a moment in the hands of my Son and everything can happen in an instant without you even noticing it. I urge you not to cling to what is earthly, but to cling to my Son, who is 'the Way, the Truth and the Life.' Constantly place your homes and your families before our holy hearts, which are your only refuge, so that you may attain strength, not only spiritual strength, but strength in your conscience, in your thoughts, in your mind and in your Heart, so that you will not fall. Great events are taking place on the level of conflicts between powers. I encourage you at this time to pray for Russia. I encourage you to pray for China. Do not set aside the United States in your prayers. You know very well that the land that has rocked you like a Mother has grown old because of the continuing sins of mankind and wants to be renewed. Remain vigilant, for Communism has already advanced, has already covered itself and has already taken the unwary from where it will be able to attack those it has chosen to target. Be messengers of my Love and be aware that he who does not obey his Father, although his Father is merciful, is plucked out like chaff, lest the wheat be destroyed. He who calls himself my Son, he who calls himself a Christian, must not think that through this he has attained Salvation; on the contrary, he has a greater obligation than at any other time, because this is the final moment in which the development of all prophecies initiated and at this moment initiated is fulfilled; just wait, but the light of my Son shining in your hearts will make you understand that the struggle against the same human ego and the struggle for obedience is what will give you the blessing of life in the promised land. Stay united, all of you who are my children, all of you who are children of my Divine Son, stay united, because the moment you separate, at that moment you will no longer be either prey or bait, but the spoil of Satan and his followers. I do not want lukewarm children who will hear my Word and immediately forget it, because they will cease to listen to me; only those will listen to me who, with me, will say: 'Thy will be done, as on Earth, so in Heaven.' Do not forget that the wheat may be mixed; for it is not by being wheat that it is free from the intrusion of the chaff, but the executing angels will come in moments and with one cut will tear out the chaff that wants to pollute the wheat. Unite, as my Son and I unite our hearts, so that you may receive comfort and not be defeated. And you who hear this word, at God's command I remind you that only those who have a Heart of Flesh will be able to understand the greatness of these calls. Remain in my Love, and may the peace of my Son completely envelop the being of each of you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 18 2014 - Jesus Christ
Christ: beloved of my people, my words are the same yesterday, today and always. My law is the same yesterday, today and always. My beloved ones, I call upon you not to excuse your mistakes; be more exacting with yourselves. I defend you constantly, without respite. Beloved, how many of those who are Mine do you believe call upon Me and remain permanently in My Will? Luz de Maria: 'I do not know, beloved Lord, I do not know.... Though my wish is that they be millions of souls.' Christ: When the end of this generation draws near, it is written that those who are Mine will forget Me, giving preference to false idols that will lead them to drown in the depths of the greatest atrocities that man can commit. There are so few souls who do not forget Me and remain living in My Will, with their lamps filled with the best oil, to be a light for their brothers and sisters...! Do you know, daughter, how my Heart aches when I know how far the dehumanization of man will go? Luz de Maria: 'I do not know, my Lord. Christ: Man will be ousted by evil spirits, great plagues will come for mankind, the minds of men, tormented by evil, desiring the death of everything they see as living, will make the earth a desert field of horror and lifelessness. These do not know that the souls of those who are dedicated to my cause already enjoy eternal life. The wicked steal the body, but not the soul of the innocent. Beloved, my mystical body will suffer; my Cross will not be removed until it is transformed into the Cross of love and freedom, that Cross which I came to bring to man, but which man has not accepted. My Church will suffer from confusion; these are moments of pain and misunderstanding, of contentment with sin and deviation, these are moments of unawareness of My true and real presence on the altar. How many consecrated people ignore it, failing to fully experience the mystery of my Love in transfiguration! Modernists do not satisfy My Will, but question it. My Church is rushing towards great provocation and confusion. Evil will be defeated, it will not come to prevail over My Church. Demons move in the midst of humanity, and humanity contaminates those who are Mine through anger and violence, through discord and misunderstanding. The power of evil lies in the division of those who are Mine. Great crowds of people will approach those who are faithful to me in order to divide them. It is full of wolves in sheep's clothing, and my children must remain vigilant in this regard. Do you know how I see some who go to hear my word, and leave, exploding with insults against me? Luz de Maria: 'yes, my beloved, I know...'. Christ: those who have perversity in their souls will come to my courtyards to hear my calls, to deform them mercilessly; they will even come to drive away those who seek me. False ideologies abound everywhere, persuading people not to love My Word and My Commandments. Debauchery reigns among mankind, and mankind is unable to stop it; unbridled debauchery opposes innocence and love. Those who follow Me will suffer, but they are not alone, they are not alone. My beloved ones, be foresighted; war is not apparent, but is the reality of man's nightmare. Stay united with my Heart and the Heart of my Mother. Beloved, pray for China, they will lead humanity to suffer. Pray for Japan, its land will be severely shaken. Pray for Chile, it will suffer. The coming moments are those that have been foretold, see the signs I present to you, look to the Heavens, look to Me. While evil prepares and savors its spoils, my tools must remain strong, attentive to my Will and transmit it without fear. My Truth warns humanity unaware of this moment. I will send someone who will carry my Word in his mouth and cannot be mixed with evil, because my Will will dwell in him. My Church will not remain defenseless in the hands of those who want to extinguish every trace of My sacrifice. It will not be a voice in the wilderness of the world, but a voice in the wilderness of human hearts. Do not forget that even grains of sand are removed by the wind, and it is the same with people; they will be moved from their inner depths until they recognize Me. My beloved people, this moment is the breath from My mouth, My breath. Do not cease, do not stop, be tireless. I do not abandon My people. I am your God. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 19 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved nation, my children receive blessings from my House in every action and work that is infused with love for me. Man has forgotten that the main attribute of one who is my child is my love. Continuing with the Heart of Stone, man expels from himself, moment to moment, the gentleness and kindness that those who are Mine must possess in order to bear fruit in abundance. Human afflictions pollute the dryness and weakness of thought and reasoning, seeing in the darkness of sin a false hope, motivated by the inability to choose and the habit of following the masses. The poor use of reason has become a habit, sidelining its true and simple function; consequently, man sees what is not reality as reality, and falsehood as hope. Woe to the proud man who does not look at himself and who continues to walk in his own arrogance! He does not walk, but drags himself along. Because of this fragility transformed into ignorance, people do not see that this moment is not like others, but is rather a decisive moment. Man's security is based on money, and money will soon fall and nothing will stop it. I will make the god of money fall, the god of money in whom people put their faith, reaching even to the hierarchy of my Church. I am not the God of luxury, nor of gold; I am the poor man of Nazareth, who carried the cross of all people, containing the miseries of resigned poverty of those who serve me on the altar, those who must defend my people in these moments. The earth will shake in the face of so many acts against me, and still you will not remember me. Unbridled madness has led man to seize demonic deeds and carry them out, while demons are happy to benefit from human deeds tainted with evil. The air will be shrouded in dust that will leave man skinless, and the great powers in their caves will think they are not tainted, ignoring the power of what they themselves have created. Poor humanity, how much you will suffer! Children, keep my Love present, alive and beating in anticipation that does not despair, with the assurance of my help. I will send my Word in the mouth of my Son the child, so that you will understand that my Word does not change, and whoever changes it acts against my Will. Pray, beloved, for Mexico, which will be greatly afflicted by the land. Pray, My beloved, pray for Panama, for it will be shaken. Pray for Costa Rica, it will suffer greatly. These are the moments, you must not wait for others. I do not abandon my people, neither those who suffer because of me, nor those who boldly proclaim my word. I choose my instruments and reveal my word to them, not to keep them silent, but to warn their brothers and sisters. A new dawn will come, and my children will be my people in spirit and truth. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 21 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, my Hand remains over you at every moment, do not stumble, stand firm in my truth. This is the moment when the pacts of peace and covenant are born, my word is fulfilled, this is when you are most close to the fulfillment of all my announcements and those of my Mother. I take you by the hand, I guide you, so that you do not stray from the path and do not allow falsehood to fall upon you, so that you continue to live in a false peace. All those who rule the nations, those who run institutions, those scholars who hide the truth, and even my Church, keep you in lies and in darkness. My truth is not completely revealed, so I direct my people through my faithful instruments, lest lies and falsehoods lead you to believe that you still obey my wishes and my will. My law is one and it is written, it cannot and must not be transformed for the convenience of man, that is why my sheepfold is so small.... My word is being distorted to conform to the falsehood with which man walks at this time. I encourage you to walk in my truth, to be faithful, to not waver, to be attentive to every word and every letter of the statements that come to you, because they contain in their essence everything that is contrary to my Will. Arm yourselves with fortitude, with the fortitude of my Holy Spirit, so that those who have aligned themselves with Satan from time immemorial will not at this moment draw you in and bring you or lead you to become part of his spoils. The lie reigns among mankind, it reigns through those who maintain earthly power, but I am coming soon to save my people. These are difficult times, in which My true children face an obstacle with every step, but do not hesitate, for I am coming soon to meet My people. Do not be afraid, I am not abandoning you, on the contrary, I look forward with joy to the moment when we will see each other face to face. Pray, my beloved people, for the United States, whose leader has signed false alliances. Pray, my beloved people, for my children of Venezuela, who are constantly flogged under the scourge of communism. My beloved people, do not allow lies to lead you into false illusions; on the contrary, see that behind every international statement is the fulfillment of what I have announced to you. I bless you, abide in my Love, abide in the truth, abide in your focus on Christ. My peace be in each of you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 27 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, my people, what have you been doing? Where are you? Immediately Christ gives me this vision, he shows me his bloody Cross and says: 'I offered it to my children, and they did not desire it, they returned it to me...'. Christ asks me to help him carry the Cross. I could only hold it for a moment, because Christ would not let go of it. I saw drops of blood flowing out of the wood of the Cross, and the Cross cracked deeply. Through these cracks, I heard human voices pleading for solace; I was amazed. In silence, I continued walking beside Christ: with my hands on the Cross. He said to me: 'Don't look down, look to the right.' There was a large building, very high, and Christ said to me: 'let's go toward this temple.' At that moment I understood that it was a church, and I was following the Lord; but a few meters before reaching the building, it completely collapsed. Then Christ said to me: 'My beloved, see how my Church is destroyed. This Cross of Mine I still carry for all My children who disobey Me and who immediately crucify Me.' I saw some human beings who shouted to Christ to move away. Christ stopped and said to me: 'see how they crucify me, my own children, they do not desire me in my own house, they are restrained by the promiscuity in which mankind lives'. Then, motionless before this scene, Jesus continued to say to me: beloved, look how my Church is falling; my Word is no longer law, my people are not preparing to live in me, they are neglecting my presence in the Eucharist, they are not adoring me properly, my children are not praying and because of this they are losing themselves; souls who do not pray are not being guided, nor those who do not practice my law, my Love and my Mercy. My Love is prayer and action for all, an awakening for those who are asleep. A man without law is a man on the edge of a cliff, in darkness, in a false freedom that does not accept, but leads to the liberalism of mundane sin. Do you know how they love me now? Luz de Maria: 'I would not know, Lord. Christ: They visit me on Sunday, and the rest of the week.... They trample me when they refuse to help their neighbor, when they forget the sick and needy, when they remain silent in the face of abuses of power. They trample me by depriving human beings of their lives, attacking the innocent like wild beasts, attacking each other without a second thought, changing nature to cause damage to populations with every passing moment, making my children sick through food, transporting nuclear energy to poor countries to create allies based on an evil spirit. My beloved, humanity makes my Heart bleed, and bleed...'. Luz de Maria: 'yes, my Most High, I know. Christ: my own Church cuts off the help it receives from my Mother, they don't need anything, they support themselves. They live without life, they exist from day to day. Sin is habit, and habit leads to habit. My true tools convey my word, while others fight like wild wolves and lash out against my faithful, trying to discredit my calls to humanity. It is not I ..., I am Peace, Truth and Love. No one has the first place, only those who work and act in my Will, and not the one who attacks, the one who does not bear witness to my Word. There will soon come a time when the earth will not stop; as man becomes more and more aggressive, his own conscience will lead him to hold his thoughts and his evil desires toward greater needs as the earth shakes with force. My beloved ones, I encourage you to pray for Russia, the earth will shake. Pray for Chile, it will suffer again. My beloveds, man feeds anger and not love in his heart. Luz de Maria: 'yes, my Lord, anger poisons the senses and puts to death feelings. Christ: mankind has been poisoned by technology, by bad instruction in all aspects; my institution is lax, it gains followers, not faithful people. When a person runs without someone to guide him, he allows the sea of the senses to be swept away, destroying everything in its path. The soul is trapped and the spirit aches for the abuses of those who act, forgetting that I will measure actions by the same yardstick with which everyone measured his own actions. Those who say they love me, devour among themselves, gather together and say they pray in my Name, forgetting the first Commandment. Like hungry wolves, they have launched themselves against their brethren, invaded by hatred and jealousy, seeking first places. He who wants to be first will be last. Pray for my Church, it will suffer from division. My Church will be shaken. I constantly carry My Cross, each time approaching all mankind. My Justice is Love, and with My Love I will deal with those who have abused My Patience and My Mercy. I bless the faithful, those who proclaim My Word with truth, who evangelize without rest, those who act in kindness and enlighten like the sun of My Will. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 30, 2014  Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart: Receive My Blessing. I love you all without distinction. I go to the call of those who cry out for My help and I also go for those who do not call Me, since I am the Mother of all humanity. My children, My children! Do not separate yourselves from the Will of My Son, maintain unity, the enemy of the soul approaches all humanity like a great warrior to overthrow all those who are still in lukewarmness, be an example of union. The Church of My Son, His Mystical Body, must remain in unity. I wish to cry out for unity for the enemy of the soul knows well the human weaknesses and those of each one in particular, but I, who know each one of my children, call you to love one another, to unite in the Heart of my Son and in my Immaculate Heart. Where there is unity there is spiritual strength. The lukewarm will be vomited from the Mouth of the Father, but I am here crying out for those who still walk different paths, in search of what they will not find. Here I am before you, in your midst and with you. I am Mother of Love and I intercede for each one of you. I do not wish to see my children dejected by spiritual weariness, that is why I have called you to be active children, to evangelize not only with your testimony but also by bringing your brothers and sisters closer to all the events of this instant, to look at the signs of these moments. Each one of you must multiply yourselves by working and acting so that your brothers do not remain blind in the face of so much evil generated by Satan. My Son suffered and rose again to redeem you, Satan will never be greater than him. I will crush his head again and all his tentacles will fall with him but before this happens, before the Final Triumph, you, My children, will be crushed and will suffer for it what you cannot even imagine... You have been alerted by My Son and by Me so that united to the Paternal House you receive the necessary strength and discernment. You have received and are receiving the protection and help of your brothers and companions on the path, your custodians, do not forget them. Invoke Saint Michael the Archangel, invoke your guardian angels. Do not walk looking towards the earth, walk looking upwards. Do not forget that the blessing comes from above. Be astute, for evil lies in wait not only through division but by attacking you so that you may feel overwhelmed, so that it may bind you and prevent you from advancing spiritually. My little children, my Son's people, these are not moments for you to remain asleep... get up and act, everyone, everyone has the possibility to act in favour of their brothers. May my son not come and find you empty-handed... Be activators and promoters of the conscience of your brothers. The conscience does not die in any of my children, it remains anesthetized before so much noise and before the insatiable avalanche of the mundane and sin. My beloved, children of my Immaculate Heart: keep the spirit fused to the will of my son, the soul constantly elevated so that you walk hand in hand with my son and do not stray in search of what you will only find by acting obediently in spirit and in truth. So much falsehood moves before mankind! And dazed man does not distinguish falsehood, because of the bad habits of easily taking and making their own what they find and of remaining looking down to the ground, this does not allow them to expand their knowledge and to remain alert. Be action and in that action do not allow yourselves to be prevented from going into the root of the events of this instant. Do not be content with the superficial, penetrate into the depths of what the great powers present to you so that you do not fall into the clutches of Satan through ignorance. So many interests move before you and you do not distinguish them! For lack of interest, you have remained watching the movement of the waves and have not been willing to go out to sea. This moment is crucial, the interests that will later serve the antichrist have taken all the advantage and continue to silently bring death to each one of mine who do not react out of passivity, because the mundane keeps them blind, deaf and mute. Wake up my children, do not wait until the volcanoes explode in anger, do not wait until the earth trembles, do not wait until the waters of the oceans invade the earth, do not wait until the wind destroys the villages, do not wait asleep, for time is not time and the instant has ceased to be instant. Life is the gift with which the Father adorned creation, life is the great gift of the Father and it is being discarded, not only by enemy hands but by yourselves when you deny yourselves salvation. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not walk as if wandering, walk being aware that each step you take brings you closer to my Son or brings you closer to evil. I invite you to pray for Chile, my beloved earth will be shaken. I invite you to pray for England, a great event will shake it. I invite you to remain alert, the plague advances and the relentless plague walks over humanity that does not even pay attention to it. My beloved ones: be spokesmen of my call so that all those who remain in ignorance may have the opportunity to know that this their mother is present, that I dwell in those who implore my Intercession, but that before those who do not love me, I remain without withdrawing; you who enter into these calls out of love for my Son, do not remain in the silence of those who enter into these calls out of curiosity or to attack them. Be, my children, the voice that cries out in the midst of this world given to debauchery. Do not ignore that evil exists and he who denies it, seeks only that you fall and can no longer rise. My children, do not fear, you are aware that it is necessary for humanity to be purified. Evil has overcome evil itself, evil has overcome evil itself, because man has obstinately forgotten my Son and each of my words. Participate in my love and my desire so that each one of you may be a repeater of my call. I bless you all so that love, strength and faith may be your companions on this journey. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

June 04 2014 - Mother of God.
Beloved children, I bless you. Here, from the hill of Tepeyac, where I live as Empress of the Americas, I bless you continually, so that the hearts of all people may be obedient to the will of the Eternal Father. I call upon the meek and humble, those who abide in unity and in truth, those who continue to proclaim their witness, I call upon my children who keep the Commandments. Man must look at the signs of this moment, they are the fulfillment of what is written. He who refuses to look at the signs of this moment is one who remains in the desert, exposed to the danger of all predators, like the sands in the desert, the same wind and the same fierce sun that leads him to fall in the face of such a burden. The man who refuses to expand his conscience is like the one in the desert, exposing himself to whatever the spiritual predator brings upon him. My Son's love was and will be present in His people. His love is infinite, but His justice is also infinite. At Calvary, my Son forgave the one who recognized Him and repented of his sins, and thus the gates of Paradise were opened to him; but to the one who mocked Him and did not ask for forgiveness, the gates of Paradise were not opened and he was sent to perdition in his own sin. This irrational generation is incapable of understanding the greatness of sin; sin hinders all the blessings from the house of my Son and hinders the good harvest. The chaff scatters among the wheat, and therefore it would not be fair to the farmer if he allowed the chaff to scatter and destroy the wheat, hence the reason why the Righteousness of my Son will come upon this generation. The chaff scatters among the wheat, and for this reason it would not be fair to the farmer if he allowed the chaff to scatter and destroy the wheat, hence the reason why the Justice of my Son will come in this generation. Woe to those who do not look! Woe to those who do not listen! Woe to those who deny the omnipotence of my Son! Mankind knows the examples of God's Wrath and cannot deny it, for that would be like denying oxygen to the body, and it still lives. To be aware immediately after acting in accordance with the actions and work of my Son is the quality of the brave, it is the quality of heroes. This generation is constantly under attack by all the acquisitions it has at the moment, it must remain resolute in order not to succumb to indiscriminate attacks and in the face of the array of false ideologies with which it is constantly bombarded. For those who love my Son in spirit and in truth, the fullness of the Holy Spirit, discernment and inexhaustible love are natural. Man is actively the temple and tabernacle of the Holy Spirit as long as he remains in a state of grace. Sin, more than the word sin, is the destruction and separation of man from the Father's House. It is in this separation that the Church of My Son will be divided, will be weak and will fall into the hands of the infernal enemy. My beloved ones, sin has existed throughout the history of mankind, but no other moment has surpassed and will surpass the degree of sin living today. Therefore, I constantly call upon you to be strict with yourselves, to keep away from what is human, selfishness and violence, which will lead you to act against one another and to sin against the Holy Spirit with this unforgivable sin; whoever sins against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven. My Son has suffered and continues to suffer for the errors of this generation, errors such as the relentless progress of the storm, which controls the ignorant, overcomes the weak and takes the lukewarm away so that they may be spit out by the mouth of the Father. Beloved children, do not forget that the war is conceived for economic purposes, and at this time you must stay away from what is mundane, away from what will get you killed; and obey the commands of my Son. Be those who remain in the Divine Will, helping those who do not know that my Son is alive and still suffering because of the evil deeds and evil deeds of man. Fire will emerge from the bowels of the earth. Pray for Italy, the fury of volcanoes will shake this My beloved land. Pray for Mexico, it will be shaken and at the same time suffer from the fury of the volcanoes. Pray for Chile, my beloved, it will be shaken. All hearts will be shaken, every creature that denies my Son, because they will place themselves in the hands of those who walk among mankind secretly under the protection of the power of the economy of the powerful. Do not fear My beloved ones, that from the hill of Tepeyac I will bring the necessary relief to each of you, so that you will not succumb and be defeated by evil, as long as you remain faithful. My beloved ones, you are not abandoned by the hands of the Father, He will send help to His people so that you will not succumb to suffering; on the contrary, you will be strengthened so that you will not persist under the clutches of evil. Be the hope of my Heart.... be those who do not give up.... Be those who do not hide under modernism to mask the denial of my Son.... Be people who are faithful and courageous, people who are humble and meek, who believe in spirit and in truth. When a forest is cut down, it becomes completely dry, and the water is unable to make it grow from what was cut down. This is the demon's cleverness at the moment; to deny man the water of Salvation and purification. You must grow, you must know my Son and penetrate His word so that you will not be misled or deceived. I will not stop calling on the people of my Son until the last moment, and I certainly will not do so now, now that you are facing great suffering, great purification, foretold by me in all my revelations. Be strong, I remain in your presence to take you by the hand and intercede for each of you. Do not fall in the first clash, stand firm in trust, hope and faith with the help of the House of the Father, who will not abandon you, for you are His beloved people. Satan with his legions is destroying man through ignorance. Wake up, know everything that is going on around you, and because you are your Father's loving children, stay in His will, even if it seems to you that you are going against the flow of the world. I am not surprised that my children are suffering the tribulations that my faithful have faced in all times. It does not surprise my children that those who remain faithful to the Divine mandate are persecuted by those who ally themselves with evil and with the forces of antichrist. Stay away from ignorance, because it is an ally of Satan. Sin turns into a routine, and the routine of sin is an evil habit; children who love my Son do not act this way. Wake up to humanity, my beloved ones, because in those moments, if my Son's wrath is not hurried, you will see your brothers and sisters fall on one side and the other. Remain in readiness, do not forget to pray and come to me, through the Holy Rosary, be the same love of my Son. Come to me as the Ark of the New Covenant, come to me so that I may lead you on the path of Salvation. I bless you, I love you. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 08 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved ones, my Heart is the only source of infinite mercy, a source that has not been exhausted throughout human history, and a source that will not be exhausted at this moment, when this generation is on the brink of its own purification. Our Trinity is perfect, and it would not be perfect if we did not find Mercy in it, as well as Justice. I welcome all who come to me with a repentant heart, humbled and completely ready to surrender their efforts and their human will to not fall into the same mistakes and sins. Satan tempts mankind with all his power, with all his wrath, with all his hatred; he pours out all his poison on man, without exception, and unleashes all his contempt. I see the reality of my people, a reality that my people do not see and do not want to understand - sin. The possibilities and inventions of sin are such that they have surpassed Satan's expectations. Mankind has given Satan their outer senses so that he can use them, they have also given Satan their inner senses so that he can manage them, because people do not live inside my Divine Love. Children, when you build a house, all electrical installations have the same voltage, so that you don't put inappropriate equipment that will be damaged. When the electrical system receives a voltage higher than the correct voltage, a short circuit is created, which forces you to urgently replace what needs to be replaced, so that everything works smoothly. In this way, children, all your senses form a single unit and indicate where human free will can take you. It may be the same vibration, the same electrical harmony, in accordance with my Will, or there may be constant disturbances in you that prevent you from merging into me and listening to me, or it may be that your senses are directed and altered by works and deeds contrary to my Will, and unity with me will be cut off. At this point, Satan's force enters the creation, pretending to fix what should be fixed, implanting deeds and works in man's senses, changing them so that they can be exposed to the snares of evil, through violence, hatred, lack of love, lack of mercy, lack of faith, lack of hope, lack of generosity and lack of devotion. And in this way it achieves the hardening of the human Heart, and for once, when it is stony, it will not respond to My love, and man will not recognize the actions and reactions belonging to Satan, who is at work in him. Demons are content with the fact that man falls. Evil possesses a great bag of souls, which it manipulates like puppets, and these, lacking the human strength to fight evil, move on to divisive forces and to anything that is not considered a sin, when they do not remain in My Love. My Laws are clear, they have forbidden sin. When man does not live according to My Laws, he cuts the ties that bind him to My House and drifts away like a drifting boat in the middle of a storm. This is the moment of struggle to reclaim souls. My people are walking in ignorance that has been imposed upon them; and they have imposed it upon themselves for comfort. A few, understanding my Will, have attained holiness through the narrow paths by which my love has led them; a few have been, under my Justice, purified to become in my image and likeness. My beloved people, in these intense moments I continue to sow the seeds of my Will throughout the land, so that they may bear abundant fruit, to counter the evil of those who are led by evil and fight against you, attacking you. And for those who do not want to know me, you, my faithful, are a great question, because they do not know whether they should fear you or reject you, because they do not understand my Love in you, which gives birth to unity. Beloved, those who do not know me react before unexpected events in life, such as illness, react against me, subjecting me to long and cruel interrogations to justify their evil path through life. They live without focus, without giving themselves the blessing of belonging to me, and jump like bees from flower to flower, not to fulfill their mission, but to distort their personal mission. Children who live in mediocrity and disobedience, indulging their minds and focusing their senses on the flesh and on false physical beauty, giving free rein to sin, do not live in me, do not know me, and are sinking into mundanity, heading straight for perdition right now, and if they do not make a complete change, they will perish in eternal fire. This generation is not free from pain; the uncouthness of man himself keeps them on a knife edge. My Church stands at the threshold of the greatest purification it has ever experienced. I see my Church in agony and suffering, not at the hands of those who do not love Me, but those who do not understand and must remain silent. Those who live in my Love will make themselves known by their actions; do not fear, all pain will disappear at the end. My Peace will be in you, and our meeting will be eternal. Because of my Love for you, I must warn you, and at this time I demand of you what I have repeatedly asked of you, and which you have not done, I demand that you understand that you must use food with responsibility, as this can decide between life and death of the body. Use food that has not yet been radioactively contaminated, not food from those who want to make you sick and lead you to death. When I cry out, you are the ones who should see beyond, but there are those who see only themselves and pay no attention to their brothers and sisters, nor to what can harm them. Without conscience they act against life, that is, against the Holy Spirit. My beloved ones, the great battle is about to begin. Pray for Russia. Pray for Italy, for they will perish. Pray for San Francisco, for it will mourn. A very intense cold wave is coming and my children should prepare for it, without fear. The youth refuse to accept my peace, live in a total spiritual void, where the vast majority of men live in mental immobility, subject to carnal sins, and women have forgotten to be Mothers, accepting the depravity offered to them by the society in which they live. Children, stay away from TV and all video games, at the moment they are a hindrance, a dead-end to the mind of my Church. Life is not martyrdom, man has turned it into martyrdom; find peace by working and acting within my works and deeds. You must not be distracted in this urgent yet anguishing moment; man, sin and creation groan. The sin of custom is rarely known; man acts according to custom. I am not yet one custom, I am not yet one option. I am the King of kings and Lord of lords, not a single hair will fall from my head if it is not my Will. My beloved ones, I invite you to continue to be faithful to My Word, and those who criticize and do not believe, they too are part of My Love. Children, the breath of my Holy Spirit will flow upon you, so that the path through life will be less difficult. I, your Jesus, bless you and seal you with my precious Blood, so that everything that is contrary to my Will will be bound at the foot of my Cross and will not be a reason for my children to stray from my path. I bless you. May My love, My peace and My protection be yours. Your Jesus. Hail Mary, most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary, most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary, most pure, without sin conceived.

June 11 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you. My Heart beats fast, beats faster for each and every one of you. I bless your movement, your mind, your thought, your word and your knowledge. I bless every work and action as long as you are united to My Will, respecting each of My Commandments, those that My Father has engraved with His love for all generations past, present and future. My Heart beats faster in that moment in which this generation must make sure that My Commandments are not distorted. My Heart beats faster at this moment, in which this generation is dependent on one action of a human being who has enough power to cause a catastrophe, a third and deadly world war. Each of you is absolutely responsible for cooperating in this dastardly act. Each of you is cooperating with your self-imposed ignorance, your lack of knowledge and your lack of love for Me. My Heart beats faster because it loves you, but also because it looks and feels in my divinity the ignorance in which you live and the speed with which the allies of antichrist move to lead you astray. My Church must awaken, my mystical body must warn each other, each other like the Christians of old. You must not allow yourselves to be ignorant, this is the great tentacle used by the Freemasons and their various allies to pervert my mystical body from my truth and the core, which is the observance of the Commandments. My beloved ones, not all who call themselves Christians will attain eternal life, only those who live, do and act in accordance with My Will. Man constantly rejects Me, but the more he rejects Me, the more I insist. This is how I come, this is how I call you with the same persistence with which you despise Me. The same rejection, I transform into love, and with the same intensity with which you reject me, with the same intensity and more, I seek you and I will seek you, I will never tire of calling on you, because you are my Church, you are all my children, because for all of you I give my Cross of love and glory. Each of you must cling to my Cross, in the Cross I will raise you up with my power, my glory and my majesty. My children must not be fearful children, you must be trusting and aware of my Love and that I will never abandon you, but for this it is necessary that you have a full conscience of what sin is and how it hurts Me, so you will quickly come to Me with a firm resolve to improve, but resolving to improve is not enough, at this time you must make a resilient resolve not to fall into the same sin. I am forgiveness, and I will forgive you if only you make the effort not to fall into the same sin. I need the resolve of my children, the resolve of my people, to be better each time. I cannot continue to call on my people as I did in past years, at this moment, in my eternal present, I call on my people with my present word, so that the people will understand me and feel within themselves the urgency of my word and my call. At this moment, the world is immersed in the celebration of sports, in the competition between countries around the world, while the tentacles of the antichrist will give mankind a great surprise. My people, he, the one who tells me that he believes in me, the one who calls me Father, the one who tells me that he loves me, the one who tells me that he is not worthy for me to enter his house, the one who welcomes me, is cheering at this moment for what is called sports, but not as such, but as a sign of competition and power.... and behind the world's gibberish, those who do not love me, nor you as my children, nor love the gift of life, are preparing weapons with which they can annihilate the human race in a matter of seconds. But do not forget that my legions will come to the rescue of those who act in my Will and do so. The demon is clever and presents himself before mankind with various sins, and tells this society that this is not a sin; which really offends Me and constantly crucifies Me. I wish to call upon a woman who renews herself internally in a spirit of generosity, who imitates and lives intensely by virtue, who no longer exposes herself to perdition, who dresses modestly so that she is no longer part of the tempting serpent. And I call upon the man to be strong and to control his mind and his lowly lusts. My beloveds, this is the moment to pray for Brazil. This is the moment for you to open your eyes and not set aside the signs of the times, because water will cleanse the land in a great way. I encourage you to pray for Argentina, she will suffer. Pray for North Korea. I encourage you to pray for all of humanity, so that they will see clearly what My House will show at this moment, in which the signs of the times will be shown, before My Second Coming and at the same time before the Great Warning. To those like you who receive my word, accept it and make it a way of life; to you, my beloved ones, who know me and deepen yourselves in my word, to those whom I have called to be my instruments, to those whom I have sent to evangelize their brothers and sisters in my name, I would like to tell you that at the moment of the Warning the force of it will be doubly experienced by you and by them. From those who submit to me, I demand everything! Remember that the lukewarm will be blotted out of the Father's mouth, the lukewarm mislead, so my Church, my mystical body must be aware of my Love, my Word and my Truth. My beloved people, with what ingratitude do you receive My works, without considering them, without making them a way of life, without practicing them! You are receiving My Own Will, these are not just more messages, these are not just more exhortations, in the great excess of love for you and how infinite is My Love for you, I warn you, the time has come for the realization of signs on the surface of the earth and in each of you. Don't be like the hypocrites and Pharisees, be true children, don't be like those who persecuted Me, don't persecute My faithful instruments, and don't forget that with the measure you measure, you will be measured a quarter more. You will survive all your deeds during the Warning, but with greater severity those committed against your brothers with the intent to harm them. Do not dispense justice with your own hands, that belongs to me, and those who dispense justice with their own hands, my Justice, at the time of the Warning, will make it weigh more heavily on them than on those who did not act in this way. I love you, continue to be united and do not allow Satan to force you to fall or to get out of the way. Don't remain dormant; I need a people who are awake and attentive, I need a mystical body to warn each other. Do not wait for persecution to take place and for the blood of new martyrs to be shed. My beloved people, love My Mother, allow Her intercession and do not forget that My legions remain above all mankind, but they need you to call upon them, to invite them, because just as I respect the free will of man, so do My legions respect the free will of man. Don't be foolish, don't be blind, don't be stubborn, have My Word and make it a way of life in each of you. My Love is infinite, my Mercy is infinite, and this is the moment when my Justice, my loving Justice, my merciful Justice is approaching, if it were not so, there would be no one left on the face of the earth. Joy, happiness and eternal prosperity is coming now, we will soon enjoy at my table, in my room and in my word for all eternity. I bless you, receive my Love and accept this blessing as a sign of protection for everyone who reads, cherishes, meditates and loves this call. Your Jesus. Hail Mary, most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary, most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary, most pure, without sin conceived.

June 16 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children, I bless you from my fiery Heart of love for each of you. I bless you from my womb, in which I shelter my children, so that they will not be tainted by mundane trivialities and sinfulness. I suffer, yes, for my children. I see them heading without return towards the hunt that the antichrist will carry out against all the faithful of my Son and mine. The moment for purification is given now, in places far away from you. But do not think that because it is far away, you will not have to face the harshness of the merciless antichrist. My beloved ones, the man of science is not aware of what he has created, war does not spare the use of very dangerous war materials. In the face of danger, human beings will seek refuge in my Son. Defend the truth, this truth will set you free. These are difficult times, without relief. My children, in the face of a weak Church, you are and will be persecuted. Beloved, it is not the knowledge of religion that will give you eternal life, but the practice of working and acting as my Son acted and lived. Temptation will always surround you, only spiritual strength will enable you to overcome it. Denying yourself impulses will make you strong and resolute beings, beings of faith, hope and love. Nothing passes through a tainted crystal, even light, being what it is, cannot penetrate it. At this moment, analyze yourself. The crystal of my children's conscience is darkened by intolerance and lack of love for your neighbor. It is tainted by the rejection of your brothers and sisters, which grows with greater decision and spiritual strength. Powerful minds around the world are planning the fate of humanity. Money will be a memory, before the economic collapse, one government will be established. Keep faith in these moments, receive my Son in Holy Communion and be bearers of hope. Trust in my Son and pray for the unity of all, only the unity of my children will make the truth grow and wake up before this threat. The asteroid is approaching the earth, causing great fear. Do not be stubborn, look higher, do not be afraid, blessings descend from my House for those who love me and fight for their brothers. Moral and spiritual decadence will lead the wicked to desecrate temples and persecute my faithful. With the strength of one spiritual family, convince yourselves that signs of peace are only the accomplishment of opposites; enmity between nations is a sign of the immediacy of disputes. Go without fear, the struggle between good and evil is taking place on earth, my Son does not abandon his faithful children. Beloved children, communism has gathered strength among small countries, making them important strategic sites of war. The Church will survive the tribulation, my Son will come with power to separate the wheat from the chaff, before the modernisms that are not His will. This is the moment of moments. I encourage you to pray for Northern California, she will suffer death. I encourage you to pray for the Church of My Son, which will experience moments of great provocation. I encourage you to pray for Japan, pain is at its doorstep. Beloved, the earth is cracking and the heat of the volcanoes will be a blockade between countries. Man has mercilessly destroyed his home, he will regret it. My beloved ones, the evil hand has mastered a great number of human creatures. Be united at all times, do not forget that the people of my Son must remain united. Analyze yourselves, you are prisoners of technology; evil has contaminated a great number of my favorite children in order to plunge them into its spoils. Pray for the holy priests, for all religious men and women. This is the moment of maximum effort to overcome temptation. My Son is not a God of tyranny or revenge, but man will say anything to justify his denial, that what he receives is only the result of his bad behavior and lack of love for my Son. Evil will not always triumph, my children filled with the Holy Spirit will overcome and conquer evil. Those who recognize that they were weak will be the ones who receive a great blessing; the arrogant will fall into the fire. Do not be afraid, purification is necessary for everyone to be a witness to the love of my Son. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 18 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, and with my blessing I leave my unconditional request for the conversion of all mankind. My children are content with declaring that they have converted because they have participated in the Eucharist, but they are far from what true conversion consists of, because it must first begin internally in creation, and then show itself externally, clearly demonstrating its conversion. Conversion is not just coming to the temple and sharing the holy Eucharist; conversion is living and being a part of eating the Eucharist, not just in the temple, but in every moment of one's life and with every brother, thus forming one conscience, being a part of all that has been created by my Father's hand and given to man so that he can thank my Father for all that He has given him. A convert is one who does not see himself, but sees the needs of his brothers and fights relentlessly for my Word to be fulfilled as it is fulfilled in Heaven. He is one who has my Love in spirit and truth. He is the one who obeys without hesitation. He is the One who sees Me in each of His brothers. He is the one who opens his mouth to do good for his brother. He is the one who sees in his brother the good that he can do, and pushes aside the evil that he can cause, thus giving his brother the opportunity to show him that he can do good. I want you to remember that it is necessary to convert as many creatures as possible, and if you can participate in this conversion, do not hesitate, do not be afraid to be despised, but be afraid to be cast into the eternal fire. My beloved people, you must see the signs of the times, which appear at every moment in the course of humanity. Remember that when man speaks of peace, it will be a false peace that is conceived, and war, which is inevitable, will be closer to man. Look at the signs of the times, violence is everywhere, it has thrown itself on the innocent, and man has been completely controlled by the forces of Satan, who smilingly and delightfully inflicts death on the weak and destitute. How my Heart suffers, how it suffers, seeing little children with weapons in their hands, who smilingly inflict death on their neighbor! This generation lives the culture of death and delights in it. Now my Heart cannot bear so much pain that exists under these signs of these times; signs that cannot be hidden, such as homosexuality out of control, out-of-control and exhibitionist lesbianism, abortion approved in various countries, and one by one I could enumerate all the abominations that this generation performs with pleasure. How is it that you still doubt that these are signs of the times? This proves that you do not know or have not learned My Word in depth. My Church has been tremendously undermined from its foundations, Freemasonry has taken full possession of my Church, suppressing it and preaching what is not My Will, going against the established Commandments and making the economy a priority like any other nation. How is it that you do not see the signs of the times, when economic power is ruling the world at the moment? How is it that you don't see the signs of the times when powerful countries are already announcing unification to establish one government and one currency? It is because my Love has been replaced by the god of money. My beloved people, I am the same as I was yesterday, today and tomorrow; yesterday I did not give my calls to my people in these words because they stayed away from these final events, but at this moment I cannot come to my people in the way I did in the past, because my House urgently needs my children to understand the gravity of what they are experiencing at this moment. Man has ceased to be a human being and has turned into just another artifact to be manipulated by great powers at their whim. With war imminent, my people not only need to pray, but must warn humanity and the holy remnant that this should not be confused. Each of you should multiply and at this time put aside your personal interests and live, work and act according to my Will, which is the Salvation of souls. Let no moment pass without taking advantage of it, but be generous in sharing what I have allowed you to know. Pray diligently for the United States, it will suffer in the hands of its enemies. Pray for England, the antichrist is walking its streets. Pray for France, it will suffer greatly, especially Paris. Pray for the Middle East, he will be the detonator. Beloved children, my beloved nation, do not wait any longer, I ask you only to be able to perceive the signs of this time that precede my second coming. You cry out for mercy, but appoint Me the mercy you cry out for. My Love is infinite, but My Justice is already overflowing before such barbarism and before the joy with which you burst out when you end the gift of life just for your amusement. My Mercy is infinite, but at the same time my Justice is also infinite, and it is necessary for this humanity that I soon descend with my Justice. The entire creation remains united to My Justice; you who read and listen to My call and continue to enjoy peace in your countries, do not see from afar the suffering that is coming upon the entire earth. My beloved people, do not ignore this call; it is urgent that you stir your conscience at this time. God-money is falling, and this will cause the great powers to immediately enslave my children to whip them. My beloved people, I have promised you a better tomorrow, joy in the welfare of My House, but do not think that in the spiritual situation of this generation, this joy can come to this generation without first being purified by My own hand. And it's not that I don't love you, because I love you with the Infinity of my own love, and that's why my Justice is coming! Now! To meet with those who at this moment exercise it for me. Listen to my faithful and true tools, do not listen to those who undermine them, they are not the tools of my House. He who wants to blind my people is not a tool of my House, but a tool of evil. Remain attentive at this time, more than at any other time. Let each of you be his brother's evangelizer. Remember that I come to separate the wheat from the chaff, do not hesitate. I come with my Justice, with my loving Justice, and then we will meet in the reign of my peace. I bless you; remain in the peace of our House. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 22 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I remain in you and will remain forever and ever. I remain in each of My children, in those who love Me and in those who resolutely reject Me; it is for those who resolutely reject Me that I ask My people to pray and intercede, serving one another. Continue to hold the hand of my Mother, the eternal mediator of all people. You who are my people, fight and stay away from sin. I encourage you every day to adore me in the blessed sacrament of the altar, where I make myself present. To my sons of priests, who with their own hands perform my consecration, I urge them to be aware that their hands participate in the great Eucharistic miracle of my Love; my own angels go to each altar to adore my body and my blood, where my sacrifice is performed, and pray that those hands that have been consecrated to me are worthy and are bearers of the great Eucharistic miracle of my Love. My beloved people, at the same moment that my Sons consecrated to my service raise my Body and my Blood, at the same moment I consecrate myself, giving myself in my Body, Blood and Divinity to those whom I love so much. I call upon you to repent with all your heart, to make a firm intention to improve, not to fall into the same sin over and over again, because sin becomes a habit, and the purpose of improvement is to rectify the sin with which you have offended me and not to commit it again. I call upon you, my people, to do my Will, to fight against free will, because in most people it rebels against me, adoring false gods and listening, working and acting in that which offends me. Beloved of my people, repent, enough of offending me! Enough of giving free rein to worldly and sinful appetites! Enough of being a victim of Satan, liberate yourselves! Turn to my Mother, pray the Holy Rosary, so that my Mother will go to you with haste; call upon me, I eagerly await this call to help and forgive you. My beloved ones, if you truly repent and firmly resolve to improve, fighting with all your might even against your own desires, if they separate you from Me, there is no sin that I will not forgive you. But those who rejoice in sin, who find joy in sin, those who prefer that I do not speak to them and do not clearly explain my truth to them, these are the ones I call upon at this time to reflect, to repent, to come before me, and in this way I will call them back into the fold of the sheep of my fold. The moments to come will be difficult, more so than what a great number of my children are experiencing at this moment, when they are scourged by their brothers and sisters and by nature. There will be moments in which faith in me will be severely tested; prepare yourselves, form resolutions of action in my Love through your communities, through your sincere repentance, through your prayers, through your work and action in my Will, but even more so through the practice of my Word, and this practice is to love your brothers and sisters. Loving your neighbor brings the good news of my Love and my forgiveness, but at the same time, loving your neighbor is making your brothers and sisters aware of this extremely dangerous moment in which you are living, in which not only your mind, thoughts and heart are focused on what is not my Will, but also external factors invade your body to make you sick not only in body, but also in spirit and harden your hearts. My people, misery surrounds you every moment, the subconscious of man is constantly attacked so that he behaves like a wild beast, each against his brothers and sisters, killing each other. You do not yet understand, you are not aware that Satan wants to lead you to take away your most precious gift, the gift of life, and above all he wants to lead you to the annihilation of the innocent, in order to hurt my Heart very much. Be attentive to everything that comes to you, Satan is entering the mind, thoughts and Hearts of several leaders of great powers to use weapons against the innocent and defenseless. My beloved ones, I want to save you; you of your own free will must allow Me to save you, otherwise I cannot save you. In the face of doubt, come to me to adore me and ask for the discernment of my Holy Spirit. There are more of those who want to deceive you so that you will be Satan's favor than those who proclaim my truth, speak and transmit my truth to save you from the clutches of evil. Do not turn away from my Mother, receive me duly prepared and appropriately dressed, for I am offended not only by one who comes to receive me without confessing his transgressions, but also by one who is not appropriately dressed to receive the King of kings and Lord of lords. You who receive my word know that I have warned my people throughout history, I will not abandon you and I will not allow you to face the power of evil without first warning you to prepare yourself by living in my Will and rejecting evil. I encourage you to pray for the Middle East, the war is rising like a giant. I encourage you to pray for Brazil, it will suffer, its earth will shake and water will flood the land. Do not forget to pray for Chile, the tears of my children will flow from their eyes. My beloved people, I remain alive and present, come to receive me, for as a loving Father I receive you, but do not forget that you are standing before the King of Mercy and also the King of Justice, and you must be prepared accordingly. I love you, I bless you constantly. You are the pupil of my eye, you are my people, you are my inheritance, those whom I have accepted, whom I love and for whom I gave myself. Receive my Blessing. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 25 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing is for all my children, without distinction. Motherly love flows from my Heart for all my children. May my Blessing be a light in you that illuminates the path of Truth and Salvation. My beloved ones, humanity is in the ascendancy and the great violence foretold in the gospels for the end times is upon the earth. This moment is decisive for souls and difficult for the Church of my Son. It is completely under siege and schism is fast approaching, just as evil is quickly taking over humanity. A great neuronal disease is directing man, it has mastered man's thoughts, work and actions, his conscience and subconscience, and man is reacting with anger. Man has stopped reacting like a human being, like a child of God, and has surrendered to the actions of Satan and his allies, giving free rein to his most basic instincts. Humanity wants to defend the indefensible, sin. It is indefensible, an action against the Will of God. Beloved children, you know well that praying the Holy Rosary properly, meditating on each word and living it in your heart, is a great prophylactic, blessing and protection, it is a shield against evil, if one lives within the framework of the Divine Will. My children must become messengers to their brothers and sisters and inform them of Satan's strategies against my Son's people. My children must be part of the evangelizers of the end times, although time has ceased to be time, it is only a moment. I accurately refer to the one in which you are living. Beloved children, soon the sun will emit a flare that will reach the earth, paralyzing communications to a great extent, and thus all forms of transportation. Beloved children, the signs are clear, and even if you want to hide them, they speak for themselves. Don't worry if you are persecuted, don't worry if you are misinformed, slandered and pelted with libels; they called my Son Beelzebub, what will not happen to his faithful in the midst of Sodom and Gomorrah? The common man will see with his own eyes the fulfillment of the forebodings of the Father's House, and then, and only then, will you raise your hands to your heads, lamenting that you have not heeded the calls of Heaven, given for this purpose, so that you will make in yourselves that change for which my Son implores you time and again, and so that you will be converted. My beloved ones, be aware that each of you is a living altar that carries my Son and His Holy Spirit, and you must be the image and likeness of God; do not grieve Him by acting differently from what He asks of you. My Son desires holy people who love Him and give themselves to Him without reservation or measure, and who fight evil with divine love, being a sign of the new dawn. This is the moment when each of you must carry the Divine message and thus alert your brothers and sisters, your families and humanity, so that they do not remain asleep. Do not be afraid, my angels, your brothers and sisters on the way, remain with you. People born from my womb and from my Heart, I ask you to pray intensely for the United States and Russia. I urge you to pray for the United States, it will be shaken, the eagle must abandon its plumage to be simple and humble. I encourage you to pray, the earth is shaking with force. My beloved ones, go to meet my Son, so that the grace of the Holy Spirit may embrace you, and so that it is He who works and acts in and through each of you, for the good of humanity. Governments have seized what they need to rule over people and subjugate the innocent; communism has penetrated, the dragon is awakening. Beloved people of my Son and my Immaculate Heart, every effort is useful; be a cause for joy and thanksgiving in your homes, carrying in each of you the true love and forgiveness that only he who knows and loves my Son possesses. I encourage you to embrace My peace and listen to My Son in inner silence; all of you be covered by My mantle and My maternal love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 29 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, I love you and I constantly seek you, for you are my people. Do not reject conversion, continue to fight every moment for conversion. In the last moments the spiritual struggle increases i.... this is the moment. Depart now! From mundane matters; I will give you the strength you need, if you ask me, so that you can resist temptations and not succumb to evil. Be aware that evil attracts man, showing different faces with different aspects that tempt each of my children. Evil knows the weaknesses of each of them and thus attacks them. I am who I am and I know you like the back of my hand, I know your virtues, your gifts and your weaknesses, therefore I am relentless in my calls to you, my people. Stay away from sin now! Sin corrupts the flesh and weakens the spirit until it separates you completely from Me. Evil does not and will not have greater strength than Me. My people are weak when they want to be weak.... and is strong when it wants to be strong.... Although it is true that evil has no greater power than me, but if my children do not decide on their own to stay away from me, evil can pull them and take them into its clutches, and from there make them get bogged down in the mud, from which they will not easily get out. My beloved people, storm clouds hang over you, darkness is advancing, darkening the thoughts, mind and hardening the heart of my people so that anger, selfishness, lies and persecution overwhelm those who no longer want to love me. Rebellion is the product of the uncontrolled anger of those who do not know what path to take, those who do not listen to my call, much less the call of my Mother. None of my children, if they are truly my child, will offend my Heart too much, or reach the end of their lives without sincere repentance and a firm goal of improvement. At this moment, humanity remains isolated from the world's great conflicts, keeps its mind, its thoughts and its life immersed in sports, putting aside all the conflicts of the world. These moments of euphoria make my people forget the pain; but then, when all is gone, the one who is with you is me, who comes to your aid. The lack of conscience in my people..., the lack of conscience in my Church, in my mystical body..., the lack of conscience in the face of less serious calls and the lack of authority of my children dedicated to my service.... my people, how can I watch you suffer, how can I listen to you cry out for my help! In these moments, you will remember that you have a Father in Heaven, that you have my Holy Spirit, that you have a Mother who came up behind you and you despised her, and in that moment my merciful hand will take all those souls who cry out for my Mercy with a firm intention; do not wait until the last moment, for I alone know what the end of life is for each of you. My people, I have never forsaken those who love Me; look to Heaven, for from there My Blessing descends upon those who are Mine; to the hungry I will give food, to the thirsty I will quench their thirst, and to the repentant I will take hold of them and comfort them, but those who do not repent will stand in their own way. Again and again I call upon you to kneel in the unity of peace and love. The calls of my Mother have been rejected, and they are being fulfilled and will be fulfilled one by one, and those who steadfastly deny my word and the word of my Mother will see more darkness with their own eyes as they try to deny me, but those who see light will find it in my word and in the calls of my Mother. Come quickly, I await you as the bread of eternal life. My beloved ones, pray for my beloved people in Chile. Pray intensely for the Middle East. Pray for Germany, they will suffer. My hand remains over all humanity like a magnet. Hoping for the sigh of my creatures to bring them to me. The dumb and blind, the deaf and dumb do not want to see the truth, do not want to hear or proclaim my word, sinking into the same darkness of their ignorance that will not allow them to find my light and thus be fertile ground. I take each one of them and offer my love to fertilize this land so that it will bear fruit, and so that you will have enough strength to face this painful moment that you are heading for. Mankind will collapse in its ignorance, but for those few who are aware of what is coming, they will be comforted by the angel I will send from my House, and he will reassure you with my word, my own strength, so that you will resist the attacks of the deceiver and the cruel antichrist. My people will be persecuted, my faithful must seek me in secret, but you will not be alone, all things will pass away, no pain is forever, we will be gathered again and in the midst of so much tribulation, I will have my legions descend upon my children and I will deliver you from pain and from oppression. My people, freed from their oppressor, will come to meet me, sit at my side and rejoice that they have remained faithful to my House, they will see how the land, after its contamination and destruction, will green again. The fruits will be abundant, the renewed earth will produce its best crop, just as the best souls will be my people again, they will walk beside me and together we will cry out to my Father: 'Abba Father, Abba Father.' My Heart remains open to receive all those who are fully aware of the gravity of this moment, but especially for those who are ready to sacrifice themselves to completely change their actions and conduct towards their neighbor. Children, you have good intentions, but good intentions at this time are not enough; you must be strong, militant, convinced that you are following the path of truth. Do not argue with those who deny my word, fight together with those who want to have the willingness to accept my word and practice it at this decisive moment and thus share it with your brothers. All my creatures who establish the tabernacles of my Heart will be free from evil, as long as they are righteous in the way they behave and act. Do not despise your brothers, no one should be despised, not even those who attack you, but in my likeness, do not respond to attacks, because the coming events will speak for themselves and confirm my calls. At all times I have warned my people through my prophets, I do not wish for fights or conflicts among themselves, because those whom I have chosen to make known my calls are those who do not discuss trivialities, because they know the importance of this moment and know well that they should not devote even one second of this moment to fighting among themselves, but to bringing souls to me and satisfying my desire for souls increasing my fold. I bless you and love you. Continue to be humble, fight with all your strength and do not allow yourselves to be separated from me. I bless each of you who reads my word, My peace and my Love will remain in you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 04 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you. I am not the God of the dead, I am the God of the living, and as such I come for each of my believers. I am the head of my Church, and my mystical body should act in the likeness of its head. Horror and horror have fallen upon mankind, some do not yet see the effects of man's emotional transformation, but gradually, like a plague, it will sweep over nation after nation, and my people will suffer the horrors caused by man himself. Life is utterly despised by some creatures, and in its place life is shown as a trophy of war when it is snatched away by the weapons of war or by the changes of the people themselves. The great earthly powers who worship the god of money are reuniting and deciding the fate of all mankind. The result is that mankind is gradually being entombed and invaded by various plagues, created in laboratories by man himself, and led by the mighty of the earth to exterminate my children. Right now the powerful are enjoying their power, but I am coming with My merciful Justice to overthrow them. My people will not be dominated forever. I am the same as yesterday, today and always. My word is the same, it does not change and is not subject to interpretation; for this generation I specify My word so that they will understand in the moment they are in and open their conscience to reality. Even then, I am denied and despised; at the same time, some who have dedicated themselves to my holy service do not follow my Will and surrender to the benefits that society offers them, they live in luxury while my people whine for a piece of bread. I am not the God of modernism, I am who I am, the same one who was born in poverty, the same one who was crucified and the same one who rose from the dead for the glory of my people. I do not wish for new ordinances in my Church, I wish instead for a hierarchy living in my will, in poverty, in abandonment, in faith and in obedience until death on the cross, so that you may rise gloriously in my presence. I remain alive and pulsating with my people, I see each of you in person, and this is the reward that each one will receive, he will receive the same day's wage as the one who came first, as the one who repents and, with the firm purpose of improvement, arrives at dusk. I do not despise any of my children if they repent in spirit and in truth. The man who lives peacefully at this moment in his home ignores the monstrous suffering of a great part of his brothers who are unjustly plunged. My wish is that those who lead the great powers will convert to me. This is the wish of your God, but I know in advance that I will not be heard, I will be ignored ... because earthly power gives man a false sense of security. My Church is a few steps away from changes that will make them confront each other, and my Heart will ache. Disobedience will shake the foundations of my Church. Great powers; leaders of great nations are constantly violating My Commandments. The suffering of My people has been born in the great laboratories sponsored by financially powerful families and they attack impoverished nations; they ignore that these creatures of Mine, with their suffering surrender to Me and ask for My forgiveness and I accept them with My Infinite Mercy. My beloved children, as I have declared to you, the plagues come upon mankind one after another..., but you know that I will not abandon you and My Mother will not let go of your hand. The war will come in the blink of an eye, only a word is needed for the war to encompass all of mankind, which is completely unaware of the events of this moment. My beloved people, I urge you to offer your prayers, your personal repentance, your desire for conversion, your awareness of sharing my call with all your brothers and sisters, the Eucharist received with dignity, offer them for my beloved people of the United States, whose leader does not listen to my word. I encourage you to pray for the Middle East, the suffering will increase and you will be amazed to see so much pain. Pray for my beloved children for Chile, the pain is again coming to my people. My beloved ones, science used for purposes contrary to my Will, has contaminated for the most part what my children consume in their food, and these foreign elements to the human body, are greatly changing man, not only in his body, but have reached confusion in his mind and thoughts, so that man gives free rein to his degrading urges, and anger rules the mind and thoughts. The enemy of the soul already has his spoils, and without any effort on his part, he sees in complete peace from hiding how my children have surpassed Satan himself in sin. You, my beloved ones, who listen to my call, who do not refuse to listen and know me to the depths, I call you once again to be my children of action through the gift of love, so reach out to your brothers and sisters with this love, and do not allow more souls to be snatched from me. My beloved people, the tribulation is caused by your own disobedience, by which you have opened the door to Satan and his devilish legions. After overcoming the trials, I will come with the scales of my Justice in my hand, my angels will separate the wheat from the chaff, and my children who have remained faithful and tireless will be placed on my scales, and your deeds and actions along with your obedience and good disposition will tip the scales toward my Mercy and my legions will present you before my Father. My people must investigate the great secrets that the powerful have hidden from them in order to insult you, confuse you and lead you to great misery. Do not forget, my children, that the crown of glory will be for those who remain faithful, for those who practice my word, struggling to save souls. I bless all those who act in my Will, all those who know me and do not allow themselves to be misled. I come for My holy Church, as I am holy. My holy Church should remain aloof from mundane matters, but attentive to everything that moves around it, so as not to be confused. Evil is resourceful, and My children on occasions are too trusting, denying the catastrophic future of mankind, and so they go on without seeing reality and truth, for I am the One who warns them, otherwise I would not be a just Father, I would not be merciful, if I allowed the scourging to come unexpectedly upon My people. I announce all this to you so that you may prepare yourselves, so that you may repent, not so that you may fear Me, but so that you may fear sin and disobedience. Do not be afraid of my word, accept it and love it. I bless each of you, and my Blessing accompanies you in every step you take on earth. Your Jesus. Hail Mary, most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary, most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary, most pure, without sin conceived.

July 07 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Love for you compels me to give you the necessary light, so that you do not walk like blind men when I give you my light to illuminate the way to my House. Do not abide in the darkness, which at this time is error, deception, lies and ignorance. Beloved ones, discern, begging my Holy Spirit for the necessary wisdom, so that at this time you will not take wrong paths. You know well that prophecies are subject to various interpretations; I urge you not to interpret, but to attach yourselves to them, so that they do not become a mystery, but a help that will show you the truth, so that you do not remain dormant. The signs of the times are not new, I have been announcing them for a very long time, so that sinners will repent and converts will progress in faith. Do not let yourself be submerged in this spiritual anemia that has gripped many souls, living in the comfort of the everyday world enslaved by sins. Children, you live in internal conflicts that will lead you to the war you fear; see how people rise against people, nations against nations. Do not fear, even now do not be anxious. You will be scourged with plagues born in the laboratories that control the world; even then, do not be afraid. My House will free you from the poisonous arrows of evil; faith, obedience to my commands and love for me are required. Evil, the cunning enemy of men, knows those who say they love me, but do not really love me, but rather are against me and think of what they will blaspheme with harsh words when the antichrist comes, thus being part of the mystery of iniquity. Then those who have not recognized my revelations .... will come to know the truth and will know that my faithful are a small number that they have despised. Evil has masked itself with modernism, so it will present itself as a semblance of holiness and thus devour the Lamb, poisoning the mind of those who approach it. At this moment there are so many who contradict me, asking for a Church without dogma, without rules of the spirit, without Commandments and Sacraments, without human dignity, without the Eucharist! This moment comes with devastating force; the corruption of souls is their confirmation, they are the evil that mankind must face in the same dimension, where the wheat and the chaff live together, and the good and bad fish are kept in the same net, because of the power that mankind has given to Satan. Children, I am pained by mankind's lack of faith; this will hasten the manifestation of the one who is the antichrist: who will persecute my Church and faithlessly make each of my faithful holier as they abide in holy hope. Beloved, you have given power to communism, considering it a harmless ideology. This terrible evil has already grown, it is already a savage dragon that maintains control over people and makes the innocent suffer. You are still before the Great Warning, and I am before each of you with My Mercy and My Justice. Children, I am the Father and I love you, I warn you out of love. Repent, renounce that which is mundane, stay away from that which gnaws at human intelligence and masters the mind and thoughts, like technology, which has created the means for man to look down on the gift of life from childhood and for violence to rule every act and deed until man is unrecognizable before Me. Beloved ones, I encourage you to pray for the Middle East, the violence will continue. Beloved children, pray for Peru, it will be shaken. Beloved ones, pray for Venezuela, the violence will increase. My Mother is the protector of my children, she does not abandon my people. My angel messenger, together with my Mother, will protect you and will proclaim my love, and my children will be strengthened. In the end, the Immaculate Heart of my Mother will triumph, and my Divine Will will reign on earth as it does in Heaven. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. After the message he shared with me, Christ said, My beloved, come, I will show you, Our Lord Jesus Christ approached me, took my hand and lifted me high, from where I observed a great number of human beings, all dressed as we normally dress. My Lord said to me: 'You will take a close look at the spiritual fruits of those who live, work and follow my Will, those who fight evil as I want them to, and those who claim to love me, but walk in sin, in darkness, where they think I cannot see them.' I saw a great number of beings praying, and when I listened to their prayers, I felt a great rapture in my soul. He said to me: 'This feeling is a deep devotion, a love that is offered to me, a donation of these souls in the act of prayer. Listen, this is not something mechanical, it is the result of their love for me and for their brothers.' I saw them call on the Blessed Mother with prayers and spiritual offerings, and I saw the Mother take these acts into her hands and present them before Jesus the Eucharist. On an altar of unimaginable height, surrounded by angelic creatures who stood in adoration, He Himself stood as these creatures raised their faces and bowed their heads before such great majesty. Beautiful chandeliers with lit candles illuminated the altar. Oh, my God and my Lord, how great you are!' The Blessed Mother approached the altar and looked at the smaller altars, made of different materials and of different shapes. Christ said to me: these are the altars of the temples of the world. How happy it makes me when souls come up to receive me, knowing that it is I who receives them! And such great pain is inflicted on me by those who only pretend to approach me, their offense is double! I saw beings shining like the sun, with faces of true angelic, supernatural beauty, and each of these beings accompanied the creature who received Holy Communion. They then imposed a special gift on the creatures that properly received communion. This grace was transformed into a crown. There were several crowns on some heads, one crown on others, and one or two flowers on still others. Christ explained to me that crowns distinguish individual creatures in their spirituality, then pointed to one creature and said to me: 'this creature receives me every day, but it lives by empty faith, it does not fully believe in my Love for its neighbor, it receives me out of routine. This routine weakens the love and sacrifice that are necessary. From all these souls, I saw a luminous ray emerge, and as these merged into one, Christ took it in His hands and lifted it. I asked: 'My Lord, where is this luminous ray going?" and He answered: 'to My Father and to the strengthening of those of Your brethren who urgently need help to develop their faith and not to accept, among other things, the fear that keeps them from expressing My will.' The power of prayer is amazing; I heard a murmur, and Christ said to me: 'this ray of light are all prayers made with love, truth, patience, faith, hope and mercy. They travel until they reach the souls who need deeds of good faith, deeds in accordance with my Will, in order to receive consolation, and therefore they wait for my Mother to take them to my dwelling.' But suddenly I was surprised by an explosion of rays, rays of blue, purple, green, red, yellow, lilac, gold and silver. They emerged from these beings who were praying, and I watched as they moved in search of other souls. Christ said to me, this is my joy, 'the creatures not only remain constant in prayer, but also in action; look at this creature (and pointed to him so that I could observe him), so shy, he shares these cards with his brothers and asks them to read them; there is no need to speak, only to act. These are the beings who bring forth this variety of lights, it all depends on their works and deeds, but look at them! None of them are in one place. These are my people, the ones who dispense the most blessings, the ones who do not keep my teaching to themselves, but share it with others. Look at those who fight for their lives, look at those who convey my requests to mankind, look at those who do not cloud their thoughts with trivial actions, but act for me and for the good of all souls. The Archangel, in obedience to our Mother, walked from side to side, where these beings held themselves in constant struggle against daily temptations to stay on the right path; the Archangel blessed all these beings with heavenly water. I asked: 'My Lord, what is this water of such a special color?' And Christ answered me: 'faith, my love; faith, that is, the water of faith, so that they may abide in spite of their daily struggles.' Another Archangel appeared, who agitatedly shouted to everyone: 'hope for all creatures who are faithful to my King! Hope!' Suddenly the Archangel, moving with an amazing (almost blinding) light that only allowed me to observe his silhouette, said: 'May the light of our King illuminate the path of the faithful and strengthen the fearful; fill them with mercy, a quality whose disappearance in the Heart has been caused by the evil and sensitivity of mankind. Charity is the light that makes the truth of Our King's gifts reborn in all hearts. Love without mercy is a farce, and mercy without love is unthinkable. Love and Mercy are virtues in which God's will flows. 'My joy,' says the angelic being, 'is in singing praises, watching what happens when prayer is made as Christ and the Mother expect, in an act of repentance, with a true intention of self-improvement, with faith, obedience and availability; and applying all these virtues in one's conduct toward all people, and opening others' eyes, not only physical but also spiritual, so that they will not be deceived. And the angelic being of magnificent light declared: 'ah... if all people acted with such a conscience as this small handful, and instead of wasting their lives on criticism and evil, offered themselves to be active messengers! How different humanity would be! My King would then allow me to remain closer to them, together with our Queen and Mother, in these times when it is necessary for faith to grow and not diminish in all human beings'. Our Beloved looked at me directly and says to me: 'my people will not remain alone; I will send from my House all help, so that they will not be easy prey for the enemy of the soul. My love, you have witnessed what is accomplished not only by prayers, but also by human actions and works when they are carried out with a conscience; I desire not only to share this knowledge, but to share it with the purpose that every person should share it with others, and through this, that evil should not overtake you. 'My children must be aware that availability is necessary in order for my Spirit to work in each of you and pour out the virtues you need, so let each of you warn your brothers against this epidemic of impotence and insensitivity, an epidemic that the evil ones with earthly power spread over those who are weak, desperate and needy.' And then he said to me: 'Faith without works is dead. And this is the moment of action and unity; at this moment the responsibility for unity rests with the souls who know more. He who is the cause of disunity will be judged severely. My Beloved commands me to share with my brothers the merits of a prayer properly performed; the merits of Holy Communion offered with a true conscience of receiving Christ Himself, living and breathing; and He commands me to share the importance of being, each of us, a messenger who warns our neighbor of what is happening to humanity, lest evil prevail before the ignorance of His people. And so in obedience, I share this blessed experience. Luz de Maria.

July 09 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my mantle protects you and I always protect you, not only to defend you, but at the same time my mantle is Divine love, which drives away from you the evil thoughts that draw you completely away from the Divine Laws. A group cannot call itself spiritual if it is not accompanied by prayer, sacrifice and is not properly prepared to receive my Son in the Eucharist. My beloved ones, my Son preached, evangelized, and because he is the same man of God, he went away alone to pray to the Father and receive from Him not only greater blessing and complete union, but also guidance and needed strength. My beloved ones, although at this time prayer should be active, especially towards your brothers in total brotherhood, contemplative prayer is also necessary. When a creature prays repetitively and unconsciously, it does not achieve its intentions. With prayer you ascend and approach the divine, but contemplative prayer, being alone with God, brings the creature closer to its Father. We have invited you to pray in deed, to help your brothers and sisters, as my Son established and showed you, by healing the sick, feeding the hungry, visiting and wandering from city to city, from house to house, from creature to creature. So you, as repeaters of this divine service, should be completely active at this time, but this action is not strong if it is not accompanied by prayer, being alone with God, communion with divinity. The Father, Son and Holy Spirit know even the slightest movement of their children and, respecting human will, wait until their children ask for what they need. At this time, when you do not ask for divine help, you suffer unnecessarily. My dear children, ask for daily bread, what bread are you asking for at this time? Material bread to satisfy your hunger, or bread of the word? Although you don't know it, what you really need at this moment is the bread of union with my Son; a union that consists of being alone with my Son, to be strengthened and thus rise above those who do not pray and unite in this intimate communion with my Son, so that the Holy Spirit, through this intimacy, may descend upon each of you. My children work for the benefit of their brothers, but their work is weak, without weapons to protect them, because these weapons can only be provided by prayer, prayer in which the creature makes himself worthy and asks the Holy Spirit for Divine assistance, submitting to the Divine Will without fear, with that certainty that is lacking in large part from those who establish communities that are more social than spiritual. Fraternity is the condition my Son asks for, but fraternity is not complete if creatures do not pray to their Father. Prayer protects you with armor to repel the attacks of the enemy. Faith without works is dead, but.... how can there be believing beings if they do not pray, because through prayer you are strengthened by the Holy Spirit to continue the fight? How can you say that you are God's creatures if you are not strengthened by the Divine bread, the Heavenly bread from God, the Body and Blood of my Son? They are very much mistaken who devote themselves only to works, and who do not seek to nourish themselves with the closeness of the Blessed Trinity, to abide without wavering, protected by the armor of faith! My dear children, you must prepare yourselves assiduously, because very soon, very soon, each of you must examine yourselves internally, each of you must look at yourselves; and it is not only works and actions that will be weighed, but also the effective submission to my Son, the union and spiritual communion with my Son that prayer provides you. I'm not just talking about prayer, but prayer alone with the Blessed Trinity, so that you can hope to reach greater heights, that knowledge that can only be attained through prayer. Each individual must examine himself, because in the Warning you will experience seconds that will seem like an eternity; and even more so those who have engaged in the transient for their own convenience and have not made the effort to avoid sin; not giving to the Blessed Trinity the proper relationship due to the Divine Will, which requires the complete and absolute surrender of the human will to work and act. My beloved ones, the world is in disarray, and those who direct humanity are preparing for war. Nature will shake the great nations with force. My beloved ones, I encourage you to pray for the Middle East. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I encourage you to pray hard for the United States, for its cry will be heard throughout the world. (At this moment, the Blessed Mother entrusts me with a very special request. She indicates to me that this request will be known to humanity when it is fulfilled). My beloved ones, my requests must be fulfilled in order to avoid greater evil. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I will continue to come to you, even though many say that I cannot intercede before my Divine Son..., I intercede before Him, because I am His Mother, whom He loves. Hold my hand and obey my requests, be children of love, faith and mercy. Do not forget that he who does not love is an empty and lifeless being. Love gives life, love exalts, love is nourishment and love, which is lacking in humanity at the moment, must flourish, and even more so in you, who are called My army. My apostles of the end times, make humanity aware of this urgent moment and be your brothers' preachers about the deception to which you are subjected by the great food industry. At this moment, the great Herod of humanity, nuclear energy will cause such destruction that you at this moment cannot even imagine. It is said that there are great powers that talk about nuclear disarmament, but this is not the case, because they are moving their weapons to smaller countries. No great power will disarm of its own accord and become a victim of other powers. Remain vigilant, my children, that the forces that accompany the antichrist are fighting cunningly against my children. Be followers of this call of mine. I love you and bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 14 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my arms are extended to all those who ask for my protection. I lead the people of my Son, when they ask for my intercession, I do not see faces or positions, I see souls of good will, desiring to approach the right path that leads to Salvation. Among so many sprouts that usually go unnoticed, I usually find souls of great value who have managed to overcome a difficult and exhausting spiritual metamorphosis'. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'beloved daughter, what is the path of those who follow my Son?' Luz de Maria: 'the one that our Supreme Good has left marked out for those of us who follow in His footsteps'. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'daughter, the world inclines man to foolish behavior, and man directs his steps toward a multiplicity of different paths. Man, like a bee, lands on every flower he sees along the way, tastes everything, as long as the bee fulfills the purpose for which it was created..., man mistakenly seeks knowledge and falls into serious errors.... Daughter, do you know what souls long for? Luz de Maria: 'Mother, that honey of the bees that are not distracted in other activities that have not been assigned to them. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'My beloved ones, what the soul longs for is divine honey, where justice is happiness, toil is thanksgiving, sacrifice is joy, longing is happiness, obedience is light, patience is steadfast, love is necessity, conscience is a companion, hope is the lantern that points you to your goal; faith is what ceases to be a mystery and becomes the seal that distinguishes you. Daughter, in the path of my children, love and wisdom are necessary to banish envy and embrace humility without rejecting it. Tell me, what does a person who acts contrary to what I mentioned to you enjoy? Luz de Maria: 'Mother, some people desire and enjoy places of honor on earth, and in this desire they cause sorrow to their brothers and sisters. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'Beloved, none of my children will find themselves free from the malicious words of their brothers and sisters, and above all from those who call themselves critics. Anger next to slander is the sting with which Satan, mobilizing quickly, holds those he has chosen to persecute and stigmatize those who serve my Son. My children must remain confident in persecution and be steadfast. My Son has asked His own to remain firm, so that they do not feel rejected or intimidated in the face of those who, while remaining in the world, move in what is worldly, spreading slander and calumny; on the contrary, whoever remains steadfast in spite of these opinions goes confidently to eternal happiness. Beloved daughter, those who persecute My instruments in these moments are similar to those who previously persecuted the prophets. My true children are the essence of Divine Love, and although they are scorned, they cannot feel sorrow for this, even if it is a reason for martyrdom. Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, abide in the truth, do not break down, do not be afraid of persecution, abiding in Divine Truth, do not be afraid of discredit and false accusations, do not allow yourself to have feelings contrary to love for those who persecute you. My Son speaks for the one who remains silent. Children, mankind, confused by the deaf arm of evil, is rushing towards suffering, and I am suffering because of it. As at Babel, people do not understand each other, they only want to gain power and kill each other mercilessly. Moments are enough for man's cruelty to cause more death. Great power waits as if dormant, to strike with force when least expected. The whole earth will suffer, in the midst of genocide, few will repent. I urge all my children to remember the pain and aftermath of the previous war. You who hear me, do not wait, everyone in particular will be put in front of his mirror, do not disregard this warning, so that you do not suffer. The sun will unexpectedly cause a person great pain. The signs of the times are coming, and those who are spiritually blind will not see them. Pray for Chile, it will be shaken again. Pray for the United States, it will suffer unexpectedly, at the hand of man. My beloved ones, I suffer, I sorrow for my children, I call them to brotherhood, I warn them at times when Satan and those who are Satan take pleasure in driving man to worthlessness with himself. The metal god will lead to despair those who idolize him, entrusting their lives to him; I suffer deeply for these children. You all children of my Heart, here before you I am found, my Son is waiting for you, each of you is a lost son, the door of my Son's Heart remains open, come quickly. I bless you. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 16 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless every person who carries in his Heart and treasures this My Word. I bless every effort you make with care and dedication to move away from that which is contrary to My Will. My beloved ones, as the Father of love, when my children are about to suffer, I warn them through my prophets of suffering of all kinds and corrections, so that they will not continue to be strangers to the nature they have wronged, calls for the preservation of man. Pray at all times with confident and faith-filled prayer. Humanity is still threatened by the great error of man's conscience, which has forgotten me. My Mother does not cease in her calls and still through her tears, my children do not soften.... She weeps before man's stubborn refusal, before the constant refusal to my calls. My Merciful Love sends a purification in which the just and the unjust will suffer, a purification greater than the flood for this generation, fire will fall from Heaven. The devil has not rested, he has entered secretly among mankind, and mankind is satisfied with what is happening, because it sees the mistakes of people as normal attitudes, in an instant they call for renewal.... a renewal that does not go hand in hand with poverty or mercy, on the contrary, they live in criticism to destroy my works, they do not know silence, they see in the suffering of others a sign of victory. Humanity, here is the moment of moments, error takes over, moral and theological philosophies and errors create this new renewal, contempt for life has overwhelmed man and led him to his basest instincts. My beloved ones, unite, do not separate, although each will want to lead himself; this is the great danger, this is what the devil is waiting for, to possess souls and thus lead all my children to declare spiritual war on me. He who is the greatest of all, let him be the least, and let him be humble in order to maintain unity with his brothers and sisters; he who has hierarchy, let him be the humblest of all, otherwise he will not be my truly faithful apostle. Children, do not stop being attentive for a moment. You know that they call evil good, and cover up sin with lies that are not My Will.... mankind is facing the greatest and most deadly war against Me and all that My House stands for.... mankind has transcended the evil of Sodom and Gomorrah, before so great and so pernicious perversity.... the leaders of the great nations have signed suspicious agreements to seize those who are Mine and bring them to suffering and immeasurable distress.... You deny My Justice, forgetting that I come with a balance in My hands, and it will be righteous, unmitigated sin. My Justice is not erroneous, it is Divine.... greater interests cause man to err in order to increase the spoils of evil, giving false explanations about My Mercy and praising sin, the greater the better.... the growth of the persecutors of My faithful is a great sign that I will come soon to uproot from My fields those who sow chaff, propagating error and bringing the forces of evil upon those who are Mine. Beloved people, do not fear, even when the universe itself in general is terrified by man, you My people who do not fall, but keep faith in My Word and are aware of My Love and My Justice, and knowing of My Second Coming, do not fear those who persecute you. Likewise, my legions wait for my signal to help my faithful, my Angel comes with my Word to proclaim it and protect those who are mine. My beloved people, do not be afraid of human pride. Come to me, accept me and remain faithful to my Commandments. My beloved people, pray for the country of painters and rivers, pray for France, it will be attacked. My beloved people, pray, the power of volcanoes is making itself known, Yellowstone is shaking and others will cause terror. My beloveds, pray for Chile, it is shaking again. Unexpectedly, the leader of the nation falls. Beloved ones, prepare yourselves in faith, do not be afraid of my calls, come to me and my Spirit will give you relief in tribulation, comfort in affliction and you will see a new dawn, clothed in my holiness. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 20 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. You must understand that in order to remain in unity, you must first consciously decide to accept the Will of God in the life of each of you as the only way of Salvation. God's love is not a word, deed or work, it is the complete and absolute union of a person with his Creator in a succession of works and deeds in the likeness of his Creator. Beloved ones, the moment has come when man cannot conceive of tomorrow as something distant, the day transforms without noticing it, the sun rises and the moon sets and the sun does not set, time has become a moment, giving way to the signs of the moment. In the process of change, mankind is surrounded by a constant inflow and outflow of knowledge, modernism, technological competitiveness, false idols of modern music that lead you to the dark paths of Satan. All this explodes in the daily lives of my children, crowding out Divine love, and in its place, what do I see as a Mother? An empty man without feelings, invaded by violence against everything that means life, yes, life! The enemy of the soul does not prowl, he attacks everyone in particular and enters fiercely, tearing down everything that belongs to my Son and what remains of my Son in man. Beloved children, pray for Japan, it will be a great anguish for all mankind. Pray for the Middle East, violence is becoming widespread, the innocent are suffering even more, and this violence is spreading to other countries in Europe. Pray, children, for Brazil, it will suffer great pain. You are living in the moments before this great Act of Mercy of my Son, in the moments before my Son examines the conscience, deeds, actions and behavior of each person, in the moments before the pain or involvement of each individual.... my Son will come soon, His second coming is imminent for mankind, although this coming will not take place without the prior purification of man by Himself. Do not be afraid, wait, wait with love and longing for the second coming of my Son. My heavenly hosts remain over you, guarding you to the extent that you allow. Conscience must remain united with the Holy Spirit, so that man may be worthy of my Son. My beloved ones, as a Mother, I desire for all to be partakers of God's glory; nevertheless, my pain increases constantly when I see a great part of my children turn away. I know that some will see and others will not see the glory; I suffer for this reason. My Son is coming to man. I call upon you to prepare yourselves, rejecting everything that is contrary to the inheritance you have received, the Commandments. My Son is approaching, the glory of my Son is near, and the dawn of man toward a new Heaven and a new Earth is just a step away. My Son's throne will shine with greater splendor than in the hour of His ascension to Heaven, for He is coming and descending for His people, and there will be no measure for His Love and His Mercy. All creation will acknowledge its Lord, every person will fall to his knees, even if he does not live under the light of my Son's love. The earth and the entire universe will tremble when the King of kings and Lord of lords will present Himself with His beloved myriads of cherubim, seraphim, thrones, dominions, virtues, powers, principalities, archangels and angels, who will cry out with one voice: who is like God? All that has been created by the Father will know that the hour has come, the waters will move, the stars will be seen changing places, the whole earth will shake, nature, united in complete harmony with the Divine Will, will renew itself to offer its greatest sacrifice to Him who comes on His throne of glory and Majesty. My children, only man, only man will be afraid, because he did not properly correspond to the place that my Son bequeathed to him. Only man, only man will feel unworthy in the face of the aberrations he has committed against life itself, and therefore in the face of his lack of conformity to my Son. Everything that exists will see the divine glory, and everything that remains inert, even that which is inert, will know that divinity descends in Glory and Majesty. The new radiant dawn of divine fullness will reach every human being, you will hear your names pronounced by my Son, those who are written in the book of life will be summoned, they will be presented by all the heavenly hosts to enjoy the cleansed earth. Those who did not live in the Divine Will, working and acting in the likeness of my Son, these, these children will perish in the lake of fire, and I as Mother suffer, suffer for this reason. My beloved children, I have cried out to you with insistence that you be renewed internally, that these hearts of stone be willingly transformed into hearts of flesh; I see so many people walking empty on the earth, being imitations of those who have been carried away by evil. My beloved children, do not wait, this is the moment, and the moment is only the blink of an eye, peace is waiting for man, what he has been longing for is waiting for him, renewal is waiting for him. Do not retreat, continue to strengthen the faith, defend the innocent; at all times my Son has spoken to his people through his prophets, and I have called humanity through my faithful instruments. Do not reject this call, I love you, I bless you. Mama Mary. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 24 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, each of my children must respond to the mission entrusted to them by the Father. You sought my Son outside of yourselves i.... you should not have gone outside of yourselves to find the One whom you thought was outside of you. Finding himself at the great crossroads that begin, man tries to find his God in what is hidden; do not forget that man will come to the point of not recognizing himself and forget completely that the truth dwells within himself. The total distraction in which man lives will lead reason to inaction, dominated by a lack of knowledge of God and of man himself, and a lack of knowledge of the powers given by Heaven to overcome what is temporal, so that in the end man will rise above himself and truly find himself in God. Beloved ones, mankind is far from what it calls freedom; it has mistaken the path, once again inspired by unreality, deception and hypocrisy disguised as freedom, and every moment more attached to the evil that breeds evil, in the interest of the power of the antichrist, who already rules through man's will, which refuses to recognize the reality in which he lives. At this moment, every human being is looking outside of himself for a role model, calling it freedom, refusing to see the goal of evil, which is to lose humanity in a sea of torment, in which humanity is already submitting and will submit willingly because of the powerful influence that the antichrist will exert in his public speech. Children, mankind has come to the point where it does not know itself as the image of God; it harbors hatred and resentment in its heart, and recognizes the mistakes and faults of others more than its own. It is with sadness that I must tell you that such behavior leads you to become potentially violent human beings, causing not only physical death, but spiritual death to your brothers and sisters and yourselves. My beloved ones, I do not want fear in you, but a quick response, an effective response, so that you come to my Son as soon as possible, recognizing Him as King of Heaven and Earth, only in the union of the person with his Creator will humanity achieve the purpose for which it was created. Beloved ones, war has been spawned in the midst of a false understanding of peace, some will believe the words and others will attack by surprise. War is not an illusion, it is a reality. It is a certain number of people who conspire to destroy the world, and knowing this, continue to work for those who do not measure their actions by the measure of man. There are so many who refuse to turn to the mercy of my Son, like those who completely deny Divine Justice! The earth will no longer be a land of peace due to the fact that mankind has been overrun by evil. Only a small remnant will remain faithful in the midst of so many assaults. Human disobedience will lead to man's use of nuclear energy, causing a portion of humanity to disappear and pollute everything in its path. My children, at this moment love in humanity is suffering because of the order of the antichrist, who has sent his legions of followers to fight souls, and they obey him. Hence, so many bloody fights for no reason. Man does not want to understand that evil feeds on hatred, resentment, anger, every emotion that emanates from man and is opposed to God's Love. This denial was the cause of man's rebuke to God and will be again at this time, causing the last and great rebuke to the Holy Trinity. Beloved, pray for those of your brothers and sisters who will perish under water. Children, pray for England, soon to be shaken. Beloved ones, pray for Greece, she will faint with pain. Children, pray for Chile, the lamentation will be great, pray. Beloved children, at this moment the human ego must be nullified by the love of my Son that dwells in each of you. Do not forget that man takes pleasure in what is unhealthy for the spirit and the body, redouble your efforts at this time when desolation is preparing with its tentacles against my children, fighting for you to perish in faith. Do not neglect my exhortations, they are not a discouragement to man, but a constant call to watch so that you do not fall asleep. My hosts remain over you, fighting battles you do not know. My hosts await the request of those who are Mine to help them, always respecting free will. My beloveds, Warning is necessary, you must strengthen faith and knowledge; at this time the mirror of life will reflect omissions, disobediences, personal works and actions. Love will be mercy and executioner at the same time. In the face of this, some will rebel and reject my Son, for in the Warning no one will recognize the good or evil of others, but only that which is their own, some will change their ways, others will deny my Son, thus becoming great persecutors of those who are mine. Beloved, do not waste a moment, every moment is a blessing! Do not hesitate, do not forget that the blessing comes from Heaven. The Divine Word will be heard by all and the chaff will be separated from the wheat, so that the wheat will grow strong, thus preparing for the second coming of my Son. Be a practitioner, don't neglect your inner transformation, it is urgent, don't allow yourself to split, don't be one more notch in the trove of evil. I love you and bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 28 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved ones, you are the pupil of My eye, I call upon you and will call upon you to renew your love for Me. With what great pain I walk in the midst of My people, feeling indifference and sin, which is already a force that dominates man from his own Heart, dragging conscience and will! Man closes himself constantly to my Love and paves the way for this force that dominates him, sin, this leads the brothers to see each other as enemies and break out against the gift of life. In creation, everything is connected; man makes his sin fall on himself, closing himself off to the blessing from My House and allowing his own error to fall on the earth, polluting it. Man goes from mistake to mistake, spreading his evil and, believing himself to be self-sufficient, kills his brother. His brother avenges the death of his own and transgresses every law, every norm - in the end, they all see themselves in the same mud, from which they do not emerge, but sink deeper and deeper. I walk among those who are mine, and everyone is responsible for his actions, but I see that you do not take responsibility. On the contrary, you act out of repetition, without thinking, committing trespasses against me that become more and more serious each time. I walk in the midst of my mystical body, of which I am the head, I see how you deform it with your empty deeds and works, hurting me without respite. It is with greater pain that I accept the offenses of those who have dedicated themselves to my House. I do not want modernism in my Church, I want a holy Church, living my Will, with the awareness of my Love that dominates everything. I want an institution in my service, leading those who are mine, in constant evangelization to those brothers and sisters who do not know me and ignore me. I love all my children, I love them so much that even if they offend me, I do not want to see your suffering before the coming moments. I have given you my Mother to protect all those who entrust themselves to her with full freedom under her mantle. However, so much confinement exists in the minds of those who are Mine, who reject My designs over sins and sinners. You want a God who justifies sin.... and that is not Me. You reject Me.... my requests are abandoned for fear of manipulation by those who dominate the rest of the world, leading man to despise every moral principle, being manipulative, irrational and impulsive. Beloved ones, the battle against evil is fierce, evil is strengthened, manipulates and deceives the simple or those who, thinking they know everything, know nothing, for my Love is not static, but action on behalf of your brothers and sisters. I am the silence that cries out in the desert of misused human will.... I am the light in the darkness of the minds of those who have not been filled with my word.... the person and his creator, the greatest story of love and the least understood.... Those who are mine are treated with cruelty, my tools are persecuted to silence my voice. How blind man is! I will speak until weary, until man returns to My House, and after great purification I will receive him, if he comes with a pure Heart and dressed in white. My beloved ones, the solar storm is coming, pray. Pray for Brazil, its land will no longer be so secure. Pray for the United States, the pain comes without respite. The land will totter before the force of the waves. Mount Etna will be both beauty and terror. I am coming with my Justice strapped to my belt, with the energy, rigor and sweetness of my Love. I come for those who, for My Name's sake, have suffered persecution and torture. Do not forget that children are the joy of My House, and whoever mistreats them, bringing them bitterness, will be doubly judged. Do not walk distracted, be attentive, for the antichrist wants to destroy those who are Mine. Put on the armor of faith in my divine love. My beloved ones, the specter of war has returned before mankind, which does not anticipate its own pain, the godlessness of those who do not know Me rises without respite. Beloved children, do not forget that 'I am who I am' and my people will not be abandoned by me. Each of you walks with his guardian angel, call upon him. Look to the Heavens, and you will see my Blessing descend toward you. My angel of love will come to be love and help my people; abide in steadfast faith. I bless you, let my Blessing be carried by you to your homes, and in your homes seal the doors and windows with that hand with which you received my Blessing. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 30 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I suffer infinitely for what awaits you..., I suffer for this generation possessed by evil..., I suffer to see my children kill each other with delight..., I suffer unspeakably to see my children take the bodies of their brothers and sisters and display them as trophies of war..., verily, all is foretold, and yet man has managed to surpass Satan in his own evil. This enemy of the soul has poured out all his hatred on man, and man doubles and triples it, killing just for the sheer joy of it. Satan, too, has brought this desire, this thirst for the blood of his brothers and sisters, into the mind, thoughts and heart of man. Satan's goal for these end times is to destroy man, and he accomplishes this without direct action, as man works for him. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, so many times I have announced to mankind the petitions of the Most Holy Trinity! and you have forgotten them and rejected them. At this moment, all that I have asked and proclaimed in the name of the Most Holy Trinity, being rejected, is turning against humanity itself. You see from afar the events that are taking place in the Middle East, in Africa, in China and in other nations, forgetting that horror and terror are spreading, and terrorism, like one of Satan's great tentacles, is spreading its hatred to other nations. Soon mankind will see with amazement how the hatred of a person possessed of hardness of heart and hatred of his brothers and sisters is capable of reaching unimaginable proportions. Unimaginable sorrows will arise throughout the world, while the great politicians of the great powers will gather to talk about the economics of their nations, casting aside the life of man, which is what is most sacred..., because for them man represents economics, not love, mercy or forgiveness. Man is not considered a temple of the Holy Spirit, but another object used by the great and powerful of this world to carry out their evil plans. Beloved children, I suffer immeasurably for those innocents who are tortured and suffer from terrorism.... I suffer for those women who are subjected to rape and torture.... I suffer for those innocent girls and boys who are being abused and removed from the face of the earth at this moment. Man has not yet understood that Satan's main goal is to put an end to innocence.... and he has done it. My children, I urge you to pray, I urge you to receive my Son in the sacrament of the Eucharist, and I urge you, above all, to transform this prayer into concerted action, to raise your voice and thus put an end to injustice against the human person. This is my request as a Mother, even though I know that the horror will increase with each passing day and will reach innocent nations, I know that war is one moment away from man and no force will question the use of its weapons to achieve victory. At Babel, man fought and tried to build a tower and reach God. At this moment, man is struggling to sink more each time and be one more of Satan's followers. The Church of my Son must raise its voice strongly and make itself heard, must protest against the injustices to which the human person is constantly subjected. In the face of the persecution to which every innocent person is subjected, silence is maintained. Respect for the human person is maintained, so as not to disturb the powerful nations. My Son's Church must act in the likeness of my Son and call every thing by its name. My Son gave His blood on the cross for all mankind, and at this moment man is thirsty for the blood of the innocent to satisfy Satan. A woman is attacked, because Satan knows that through a woman, through this Mother, he will be defeated again and shackled to the abyss for a thousand and more years. But before this happens, my Son's Church must understand and be aware that my Son has appointed it to be a messenger of love. I watch with sadness as some argue against others, as some of my children criticize others, as technology is used to contradict my word, thus wasting time that is golden, rather than calling and convincing everyone to unity. Everything is already foretold, man is experiencing the great tribulation, except that it is just beginning and has not yet spread. The great scourge has already reached Europe and will spread, another scourge that is man's lack of love and anger. A mother always seeks forgiveness for her children, but seeing that they do not heed her calls, she must ask her son to come down with his justice to stop such a great massacre that constantly pierces my Heart. My beloved ones, I encourage you to pray for the Middle East. I encourage you to pray for the United States, a victim of its own terrorism. I encourage you to pray for Japan. My beloved ones, do not reject my requests, continue to believe and multiply your love for my Son. Love for those who do not love, believe for those who do not believe; I know that my army is small, my army of souls of love united with Saint Michael the Archangel and all the heavenly hosts. In the end, man will surrender the earth to his Creator. Do not deceive yourselves, my beloved ones, you must maintain the practice of prayer and raise your voice in the name of my Son and in the name of this suffering and sorrowful Mother. I love you, my Blessing accompanies you constantly, but you must realize that my Son is both Mercy and Justice. I bless you, I love you, remain in the peace of my Son. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 03 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you. Man has refused to see himself beyond what his sight reaches. With his human will, he limited himself to living what is direct and what he can perceive with his senses. Man did not desire to go beyond himself, to the inner temple to meet his Jesus, except for those souls who showed that I remain within the reach of my children, in the hope that you will come to me. My desire is for my children to live conscious of the spirit that animates all that has been created, especially man, whom I have endowed with what he needs to develop in himself the powers of the soul. Mankind, walking hurriedly without direction or sense, will find itself in a habitual state of suffering, on a tortuous path on which it knew in advance that it would find itself if it did not obey the changes my Mother asked of it. My beloved, people are struggling for earthly power, this clearly means that they have not understood me.... Man is still carnal, with the limitations that this entails.... you must be born of spirit, live spiritually.... only in this way you will not be engaged in hoarding treasures on earth, fruitless activities, turning away from me. I wait for each of you with patience, with Divine patience, and I see how those who are Mine neglect to fulfill the Commandments of My House, go against their own nature and against My Spirit. Children, you lose your minds very easily, going to extremes that are almost impossible for Me to describe, because you cross Me mercilessly. Children, you are slaves to anger, oblivion, dehumanization, personal gain and the indifference with which you look at the suffering of others and are not moved. Mankind has misinterpreted its continuance on earth, mistakenly believing itself to be the absolute master, and remains in repeated wars and divisions, inquiries and hatreds, under which it will never find peace or understand the truth of its continuance on earth. I did not come to condemn, but to save; man with his free will is the one who condemns himself or finds the Salvation I offer him. Before the individualized man, the outcome will not be different from what you know. I hasten not to lose you who believe in me. Man has lost love, it has been banished from the earth, and those who remain in my Love lock it up like a treasure, so as not to lose it before people who lash out against the human beings who possess it. Beloved, man has come to hate my Love and those who live in my Love; so much so that man rebels against the smallest sign of love before him. A life sunk in materialism has led mankind not to want to be loved, but despised. How many of those who have given and continue to give their lives for me have given and bear witness to this! A man without love, despising love, sees in his neighbor an enemy, whether it be his father, mother, brother or sister, child, husband or wife; whoever does not recognize love, does not recognize me. All of creation trembles before human indifference, you have created a wall, man closes himself in insensitivity, seeing events without any feeling. The earth cries out to me before so much pain that man pours upon it; man is unknown before creation for not living according to my Will and for living contrary to my Commandments. Beloved ones, pray for the Middle East, from there will be born the war they will spread over the land. Pray, children, for the United States; they foster pain and that pain will come back against them. Pray for Japan; the earth is shaking. Pray for Chile. Children, visit me in the Tabernacle, feed yourselves with the Eucharist, pray the Rosary to my Mother, be my Love, even if you have to turn the other cheek for it. I will not abandon you, my people will not be abandoned by my House; I will send my love to protect you, to gather my people. I will examine each of you in particular, and then I will move the moon away, so that in the midst of the darkness, man will not cause himself more harm. Unite in my Love, come to know me. Gather in my Name, my Church must be a protection for the weak and innocent, as I have been. I will send my legions after my faithful, I will not abandon you. The accuser of my people is preparing his presentation before mankind. Children, get to know Me so that you will not be confused. Be instruments of my unity, do not cause divisions, be my Heart, only so you will become participants in the culmination of my Will. Beloved children, after the crucible comes a new day, in which my Love will shine fully on the new Earth. My peace be in each of you, my children. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 06 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you with my Love. Children, return to the path of Salvation, this decision is personal, just as the disposition to fight for conversion is personal, a firm intention to change is necessary. You should have started on the road to my Son in the past, at this time you must accelerate your steps. It is never too late for my Son to accept a repentant child into his mercy. I urge you to make this decision, being aware of the path of this generation, the pain that many of your brothers and sisters are experiencing, and the great purification that will come. As I told you before, the devil has challenged every human being, and man, lacking spiritual firmness, is easily defeated by the devil. The devil enters man, possesses him, leads him to commit terrible sins, all against humanity; what is happening is aimed at destroying the human being. Beloved of my Heart, at this moment my Son has been completely removed.... humanity is not advancing towards Salvation, but rather towards self-destruction. I told you in advance: 'in the end people will live without God. Sin will not be sin, but 'freedom.' Man will not want forgiveness. God will not be a necessity, for nothing will be considered sin; everything will be seen as natural, and before that, in some cases, the hierarchy of my Son's Church will give its approval, thus justifying what is sin. You who remain faithful and call sin a sin will be considered crazy and will be persecuted'. Beloved children, my Son and His teaching are being misinterpreted under the influence of man's free will. Do not forget that the Scriptures should not be interpreted according to personal convenience. The truth of my Son from the Gospels is misrepresented and will be banned before the Great Purification, in its place will be imposed the law of evil, the law of debauchery, which will lead souls to perdition. Everything that is given to you under the mask of freedom is the work of the devil and those who work for him and who, through Freemasonry, dominate and direct the most sublime circles of the world at the same time. Freedom is not evil, my Son came to give you freedom so that you would be free, but truly free.... and not a false freedom that subjects humanity to evil. This generation, which goes against the teachings of my Son, preaches only one merciful God, forgetting that mercy is accompanied by Divine Justice, which will not wait for those who deserve it. It pains my heart to listen to how some human beings, without remorse, carry out acts of terrorism for pleasure, with the approval of the laws of the land. Children, you do not see how nature at this point reacts against man, because nature does not recognize man, does not see him as similar to God's Will, but rather as a being alien to God, who continually offends Him. Nature reacts against man while leading to the suffering of the innocent. My beloved ones, pray for Ecuador, the fire will bring it great pain. Beloved children, pray for the innocents who will suffer in the United States. Beloved children, pray for England, she will suffer. Beloved children, pray for England, she will suffer. Beloved ones, the earth continues to shake, continually from place to place, without any sense for science, which will try to speculate in the face of what it cannot solve. There will be phenomena unknown to science, because they are divine in nature. My Son maintains His angels, who are the executors of His justice in the four corners of the earth.... while man feigns false peace to prepare his arsenal with greater abundance. How much suffering from My children! How many insults and contempt for the God of life! Fire will fall from Heaven, and the moon will be darkened. Man will be terrorized by his own race, seeing them as spiritual mutants who will renounce being children of God. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this is the moment when you must fulfill the will of my Son, not to be destroyers of your brothers and sisters; you must remain united and protect one another, you must remain united, those who have so promised yourselves and my Son. The moment will come when my children will not feel loneliness, but the security of the company of the word of my Son. At that moment, humility is essential; he who needs to be forgiven should ask for forgiveness. Pride is an instrument of evil. My Son will give a great sign to announce that mankind is constantly seen from on high by its beings of light. My beloved ones, do not despair, 'let not your heart be troubled or afraid. My children will not be abandoned. My protection remains over all who invite Me to remain with them. Wait with joy for my Son, do not be troubled by hope, my Son is the absolute truth. You, beloved, must be true Christians, and your life should be centered on Christ. Do not forget to receive my Son duly prepared, turn to the Eucharistic Sacrifice. Do not forget the Holy Rosary carried in your heart and hung around your neck. I bless you, my beloved children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 15 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, you are still under My protection.... as we approach the tribulation of this generation at a dizzying pace, man continues to crucify My Love because he does not recognize My Love, even those who say they are still with Me.... Man has not understood that if he does not make an effort to purify himself so that faith can overcome everything, he will not be able to overcome the obstacles to which he is exposed at every moment, and his, what he calls love for Me, will dissipate. I want from my children unconditional love for my Mother, my Mother's love for her children is infinite, it does not take into account the merits of the creature or his virtues. Only my Mother can help you in those moments when the love in man is bribed by everything around him, even by his own senses, which tell him: 'you can't, you can't be better, you can't penetrate the inner chamber that will take you furthermore everything'. As the Warning and great events approach, man's enemy steps from creature to creature, increasing his loot of souls. My beloved ones, faith should not be weakened, you cannot allow this to happen, even with evidence contrary to what I am announcing to you, you must wait for one more moment. Man desires immediate proof, even if it means losing his life, that's why he constantly travels, looking for evidence according to human logic. Beloved ones, you cannot deny faith, it is a penetrating conviction of truth, and it is such that if you had faith as small as a mustard seed, you would say to him, 'move from here to there,' and nothing would be impossible for you. My children forsake me because they do not see me and do not understand that everything visible comes from the invisible, look at the flower.... and in it you will find divine power, divine beauty, everything comes from my invisible love. My beloved ones, no two creatures are the same, they are all different, each has free will and does what it wants with its life, and each is what it wants to be. Man contributes with his inappropriate actions and thoughts to the results of this generation. So many of mine have fallen because of this result, because of anger, because I am not obligated to the human will! So many of my children are seduced, forgetting me, for one moment of pleasure! So many of mine blame me for their fate, which they themselves created by their own will! Beloved children, pray for those brothers and sisters who remain lukewarm. Pray for the United States, as it will suffer in its heart. Pray for the war that will be unleashed without compassion. Pray, for the earth will shake. Pray for my Church, which is approaching schism. Beloved, my Mother passed on to her children an unquestionable faith, a faith that transcends; she believed when she fled Nazareth for Egypt, not objecting, having no place to live, trusting in the Word of God. And Joseph, he made no excuses, he only had faith and fled to Egypt. I ascended to Heaven, and my Mother was taken with body and soul to Heaven, the fullness was given to my Mother, she left the valley of tears before my children and awaited it with the hope of fullness. My glorified Mother lives in my House, from where she gives all her children her maternal care. Forward, my people! With My Mother and holding Her hand, do not fear, but grow in faith. I bless you with my Love. Each of you must crown my Mother with the crown of personal faith at this time, so that you may continue to hear the voice from Heaven that my Mother reveals to you continually by Divine Will. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 17 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal womb, the Ark of Salvation, is open to receive and protect you. My children, these moments are a trial and a personal decision toward good or evil. Not all of those who now proclaim faithfulness and faith on the path to my Son will continue to do so. Growing in faith is crucial for my children, and prayer must be a personal relationship with the blessed Trinity, because this will give the creature the certainty of being a creature of God and that God is God. I suffer from what is happening and what will happen to you.... Temptation affects all creatures, you will succumb to it if you give free rein to the human 'ego'; consequently, it will gather strength and defeat you, separating you from my Son. Be vigilant, the enemy of the soul uses the smallest details and the smallest words to erect a great wall of division between those who remain united in the name of my Son to carry out specific tasks from Heaven. Satan's affection for man is one thing - discord. My beloved ones, humility must prevail in each of you, the same humility that my Son has bestowed everywhere. Only in this way will you be able to accept the various situations you will encounter in life. Children, bad habits have gripped you and you are holding them inside you. Beloved ones, if man had devoted science to building a weapon of love, this moment would have been joyful and would not have been a threat to humanity, would not have been full of bitterness and pain, would not have been full of death and tears. War is fought in the blink of an eye, you blame each other, humanity is aware of the forces that cause war. Human selfishness, controlled by evil, rises against its neighbor. The fury that Satan has transferred to man to act against the love of my Son and those who are faithful to Him knows no bounds. Children, go and do not look to the right or to the left, keep your eyes fixed on the goal, seeking God. Do not forget that you will be constantly tested. My Son did not give you life to merely suffer, but to offer you His mercy and thus attain eternal life. My Son is a God of Love, of mercy, He is compassionate and not inclined to anger. And what is this generation doing? It mocks Divine Love and replaces it with vices, ambition, power, lies and entrusts its soul to evil, forcing Divine Justice to fix man so that no more souls perish. I am waiting for you, moment by moment, with my Heart beating for you. Guide your steps to my Son, towards the truth, towards the right path. Be prepared, the antichrist in these moments will show himself in public and surprise those who have denied the fact; confused and deceived by false miracles that will attract a great number of followers. Be love, otherwise you will be easy prey for the evil that will find its way into your fertile ground. My beloved ones, the demon and his legions will torment his followers and those who are not; the spiritual struggle at this time is strong and will be even greater if my children do not remain vigilant, recognizing evil when it comes to separate you from my Son. There have been several periods of such struggles faced by my Son's Church. This moment is decisive, there will be no other; prepare yourselves and get to know my Son more deeply, but above all, get to know yourself before looking at your neighbor; otherwise you will become part of a whitened tomb that darkens before the slightest contradiction. Do not forget that the example of life is the key for you to save souls; examples are stronger than words. My children, humanity will continue to grow in the evil use of the human will, not forgetting that all actions have their origin in the mind. Man thinks that he knows everything and that he knows the truth about everything, this is the cause of evil actions and the fact that the world is out of control, which is the cause of my Son's and this Mother's pain. My beloved ones, do not weaken in faith, strengthen it constantly, face evil so that you do not fall, pray, my children, the Church of my Son is falling into schism, the division is increasing. Pray, my children, for Great Britain, pain will stain the earth with blood. Pray, my children, New York will suffer from external wrath. Mankind is asleep and does not listen to the calls of the Father's House, it lives feverishly in daily life and in its habits. Wake up children, wake up! Do not ignore the fact that man created evil, nuclear energy is an apocalyptic tool revealed by my Son. Children, you close your eyes to communism, and it will flog you and flog you with all the power that man himself has given it; the dragon has awakened, and man has not yet recognized it. My beloved ones, my Heart will triumph. This Mother wants faithful children, without hesitations that would draw them away from their path and divine calling. Unity must be the weapon of all who are called my children, discord is the fuel of Satan. Come and receive my Son, unite with Him, He will not leave you, He is the eternal presence of love. Children, my mantle is a shield, love and support. Come to me, I lead you to my Son. I love you, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 20 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I call upon you to stand firm in faith. I am the Mother of all people. Most Holy Mary: my beloved daughter, prayer is necessary for all human creatures, so that man and his authorities will recognize and accept the Word of God. Prayer is necessary for those who remain on the path of my Son, then prayer will become meditation and meditation will become encounter. Children, it is necessary for you to penetrate the Heart of my Son; He goes from creature to creature, touching their hearts to let Him in. My children despise love, they have plunged into an abyss from which they are unable to come out, they degrade themselves in front of their neighbors, they are guided by evil. I see so many Herods on earth who destroy innocence! My beloved ones, the abyss in which mankind now finds itself is not something temporary, it is the beginning of man's great suffering, which is sealed with the blood of his brothers, taking them to wander the blood-thirsty world. My beloved, God loves you, this is the reason why I am here with you. Do you know how much modern man has laid on the Cross of my Son? Luz de Maria: 'I cannot fathom all the sufferings, but I know that you hold them in your Heart, Mother. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'The Cross of my Son was made of all the sins of mankind, it is enough to see at this moment so much unimaginable cruelty, so much killing for pleasure, so much brutality, man stains his hands with blood, and this is what the intrigue of the antichrist accomplishes, with all the negative components of the human body, which has been altered to act in total manifestation of anger and uncontrollable desire to kill without compassion. Man calls on Satan to give him power, forgetting that later he must give him his soul. Life does not end on earth, earth is not purgatory, the soul does not experience hell on earth. The second coming of my Son is near, and that is why Satan and his legions are determined to increase their spoils. They focus on the most notable events for mankind i.... have you thought how many millions of your neighbors are dying of starvation in other countries? I wonder what a person sees at this moment. Luz de Maria: 'dehumanization Mother, man is falling...'. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'I am the Mother of love, of unity; I do not bring torture or pain to humanity. Being a Mother means that I must warn my children of what is coming, so that they can prepare themselves, through prayer, receiving the sacrament of reconciliation, and by receiving my Son, you will grow constantly in the gifts of the Holy Spirit, and you will be strengthened to face the attacks. I must tell you that pain is spreading on earth like a shadow, every moment it is gaining strength, man's thoughts are being changed and modified by methods that man ignores, man is being prepared through violence that has been transmitted to him through cinema, television, electronic games, all these mechanisms of self-destruction have been programmed by the antichrist and his legions so that man kills as if it were something natural, man has not heeded my warnings and has fallen into the abuse of technology. My beloved ones, attacks on great nations are being prepared to spread more suffering, in greater numbers and with more victims. Man has embraced Satan's wickedness and made it real, the demon enjoys man's evil and madness, and does not need to tempt him, because man remains in constant negative creativity. Daughter, my pain because of the indifference of some of my chosen children to another's pain pierces my Heart one and a thousand times. Luz de Maria: 'I know, Mother, that I place everyone on Your maternal lap. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'everyone who consecrates at the altar is consecrated, has been dedicated to my Son and His Church. My chosen children cannot remain asleep in the face of Satan's vengeance, you must awaken your parishioners. The signs of the times are not without reason, they are given because of the excessive haughtiness in justifying every action. Beloved, my priests should not be creatures of society, but givers of good to all souls, they must be in the likeness of my Son; instead they rush to judgment when my Son proclaimed: 'whoever is free from sin, let him be the first to cast a stone'. Some anticipate and cause me pain because of the lack of so-called conversion and the reality of humanity. Daughter, tell your brothers that I do not want them to panic, but that I will take them in my protecting hand to show them the state of this generation that does not want to hear about my Son or me. Religion is supposed to rise to a personal encounter with my Son, and at the moment it has been transformed by man into something inconvenient that is performed as a formality. My children do not want to know how much I love them, they are ignoring what this Mother is trying to tell them about all the damage that big industry is doing to the human body, contaminating it with contaminated food; it is a very dangerous silent enemy, it acts on the mind, on thoughts, it changes man's thinking and actions, in this way the conscience of the individual retreats and humanity as a whole is degraded. This is the moment of good and evil, the separation of the wheat from the chaff. They do not listen, and as long as they behave badly and do not repent, they are fertile soil for Satan. I am the fountain of love that intercedes for you before my Son at this fateful moment. Beloved daughter, it is necessary for you to stand firm in your faith, and for this faith to be transformed into good deeds toward your neighbors and in all that God has created. A flood of fire will fall very soon, and those whose hearts are hardened will weep on their knees because of such a powerful event. Man must fight for his victory, without weapons and without annihilating the human sex. One just has to make a decision, without seeking personal glory or effort, without humiliating one's brethren, because the last but first fights the problems and attachments of the human self. It's the 'I' that will get you out of the way. The man who allows me to take his hand is a being with a broad conscience and thoughts, and does not relax on the ground and add ignorance. There are so many things that man ignores that move for his benefit among the universes.... at every moment prophets appeared to explain the truth, to expand man's knowledge. How many lives were taken by the limited mind of man, and then, as the years passed, the same science reported the truth that was denied. Every human creature must save itself with the vital help of God, as well as my Son said: 'without me you can do nothing'; everyone is also his own rescuer, trusting in God's help he takes upon himself the great truth that God is light and nothing of darkness belongs to him. My Son will not send annihilation upon this generation.... I warn you to change. My pain is unfathomable when I see some of you very comfortable in your homes or at work, while others are in the midst of the despair of war, vice, revenge and materialism.... humanity has not understood that war will spread, terrorism will be an avenging hand, and the anxiety of hopelessness in man will cause him to continue a very serious increase in failure. See how the earth reacts to the blood of the innocent, if the earth and all of creation is obedient to God's Will.... Man is ignored by creation, which reacts against him, with tremors and fire coming out of volcanoes, floods; because creation wants man to stop abusing himself. Mankind must stop the violence. Daughter, my Heart bleeds...enough violence! Enough of wars that will destroy humanity! It is necessary for my Son to make each of you confront your own conscience in order to mitigate violence. The time of humanity will accelerate. But I will remain with my children, I will defend you, I will fight along with my children, I will give you the strength of a thousand men, but this land must be a land of peace and must return to its Creator, just as the Creator gave it to man. My Son has entrusted this generation to me and I will do it, therefore you should not separate yourselves from me, I am the Mother of the Second Advent. Angels must be forged on earth to bear witness that love exists in man, this love that my Son came to give for each of you. Look to the heights, for from above comes blessing for the people of faith. Despite the tribulation, the people of my Son will not remain alone, they will enjoy eternal glory. Pray children, a bloody event will make humanity panic again'. I love you, I bless you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 21 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, my peace be with you. I am the Infinite Mercy and as such I am aware of your needs and requests. I am the God of Love and I see few souls who are reflections of my Love on earth, but I will multiply these few souls to infinity when necessary. I need each of you to be aware of how you personally act. You should consciously look at yourselves, because many of my children - too many, I would say - refuse to act according to my Will, because your 'ego' dominates every moment of their lives. I will not abandon you, my Love knows no bounds, my Love is infinite, but as long as my children limit my work and my actions on them, I will not be able to help them according to my Will. Human will still prevails, and free will flies like paper in the wind, you hesitate too much, and this shows me that a solid and strong faith is still lacking, and that my children cannot love me if they do not pray, if they do not come to meet me, if they do not receive me. Without works, faith is dead, but faith needs the food of prayer, otherwise, what food will faith have? My beloved ones, you are the pupil of My eye, I love you every moment of your life. I need you to be transparent with yourselves, because you have voluntarily given free rein to the 'ego' and want to be what I have not called you to be, you want to impose your will, being proud. How much man lacks the humility to recognize in himself what he really is! ... No human creature can tell me that they were created in a negative way, all of you were created with the love of my Father; along the way you have strayed from the path and allowed the human 'ego' to fill you with pride, intolerance and imposition, but this is not my Love and the one who acts like this must correct it if they truly want to walk beside me. They are afraid of so many things, but they are not afraid of what they should really be afraid of, namely the 'ego' that each of us carries within us. They should be afraid of those who influence them to kill the soul.... They should be afraid of all those actions that go against my Will.... But you are afraid of My angelic beings who walk beside you to show you My Love and remind you that I do not abandon you. You are afraid of what you should not be afraid of, and you are not afraid of what you should be afraid of.... You should be afraid to offend Me, afraid to act against My Will.... You should be afraid to become one more of those who constantly torment me.... You should be afraid to become my executioners, afraid to be one of those who malign me.... you should be afraid to become one of those who crown me with thorns.... you should be afraid to live immersed in low passions.... you should be afraid to become one more of those who wander through life, blinded and deaf. Children, those of you who listen to me, fight with all your might at this time, when Satan has taken possession of the earth and spilled his poison completely in the hearts of people, in order to rule their minds and thus lead you to act against my Will. My beloved people, I remain with you at all times, I do not leave you alone. I am faithful to my people, and at this moment of the dying of this generation, those who are here must purify themselves in the face of such evil, I have given my people to my Mother, so that she can command them with her motherhood, take them by the hands and lead them to me. She shelters the helpless, come to my Mother, as I did when I needed her so close to me; during my ordeal, even if it is not mentioned that she shared my pain, my Mother participated in all my pain and in all my suffering. She who is full of grace, who loves without limits, is and will be with mine; simply consecrate yourselves to Her and allow Her to act according to my Will. Do not be afraid, children, even if what you see makes you shudder, be assured that I will not abandon you, that you will never be alone. Be assured that every step you take, you take because I take it for you. I bless you, My peace be in each of you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 25 2014 - Mother of God
Dear children of my Immaculate Heart, by my hand you will surely walk towards my Son. The power of evil will not overcome good. Do not despair, persevere in faith. The promises of my Son are eternal, they are life and they are truth my beloved ones, observe clearly and with discernment the struggle that your brothers are experiencing in the Middle East; it will spread throughout the world, terror will strike several countries, and my children will suffer, my children who do not suffer, do not pray, do not make sacrifices for their brothers and do not think, even for one moment, about those who suffer, as if suffering would exclude them. No, my beloved ones, all acts against life will leave their mark on the entire world before the power of evil that remains, at this moment, destroying everything that represents the light of my Son. The explanatory understanding of the revelation I gave to humanity has not stopped, it remains in the present, which you will see in the rapture; for this present is unknown to some and is rejected by those who know it. Beloved children, corruption is sweeping the world, it has already anchored itself in parts of the hierarchy of My Son's Church, disfiguring holiness because the enemy of My Son has penetrated it. Walls are obstructing the future decisions of my Son's Church. My children, walk confidently and safely under the Commandments, the Sacraments, approach the Eucharist properly prepared. My Son loves all people, I do not abandon you. Nevertheless, mundane and sinful things attract your attention, and you, being tempted, fall where I have commanded you not to fall. Once again, my Son is crucified through the disobedience of his people. My beloved ones, the wearing of inappropriate clothing, especially by women, has awakened men's low instincts; in this way, women become the cause of great reproach to my Son, flaunting the human body is a grave offense against what my Son desires and expects of His children, modesty and decency. My beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, it is not only those who openly remain against the mystical body of my Son among humanity who offend Him, but also His children who remain in His Church, those who seriously offend Him and betray Him by denying Him in the midst of the night silence.... temples will be closed and my children will not know what to do.... you must open the inner temple, where my Son resides in you, so that you may be filled with the Holy Spirit. My beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must continue to wait patiently, strengthening and expanding your faith, being a refuge for one another so that the enemy of souls cannot cause division. My beloved ones, the one who holds a position in the Church of my Son, in the spiritual group, must be the most humble of all; great pride moves freely, and those who embrace it through their 'ego' become instruments of schism and division through it. The one who is humble in truth and in spirit is the one who not only humbles himself, but also embraces his brothers and fights to keep them close to the Word of God, which is the love of my Son, the light that leads him to remain calm even when the waters are troubled. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the earth will not give mankind a break, a respite; it will continue to scourge man, unknown to her, because he does not submit to the Will of God. Prepare yourselves, my children. The Great Warning will be a terrible suffering for those who have not obeyed the Commandments of God's Law, for those who have disregarded and rejected my Son, if they do not quickly repent. My children, legions of angels will come to protect my children. Do not be afraid. Prepare yourselves, be as one. Humanity as such is retreating. Man finds unthinkable what I foretell, persecution will give no respite, the people of My Son will be tortured by Satan's followers. Do not be afraid. My Son is the owner of all creation, He watches over His people and will not allow His people to be defeated. You, my children, will be the refuge of my Son and will have Him alive within you. My Love opens my Heart so that at the right moment my legions will save my children and so that my children will not perish, later they will be brought to earth Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, go forward confidently, the court of my Son has many dwellings, and the faithful must wait, trusting in the word of my Son, who gives protection to those who do not deny Him. Go forward, children, do not hesitate. Persist in truth and in spirit, completely in a constant 'yes' to my Son. Nothing will outweigh the Church of my Son, even if it seems to be exactly the opposite. Be souls of love. Do not be afraid. I am here. I am your Mother. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 31 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved nation, I bless you. My Divine Love emanates from My Heart and spreads to every human being, each of you accepts it or not. I offer Myself to all equally, without distinction, I only wait for the love of My children, so that you may be one with Me, so that you may hear My Word and make it your life. Children, my Love is a plant, its roots grow and deepen in the consciences of those who are Mine, so that no wind moves you, and you abide in faith with Me and ask Me to be the water that makes you grow day by day. Children, this humanity finds its satisfaction in the suffering of others.... this humanity satisfies itself with the pain of its brothers and sisters. This humanity is still thirsty for blood, because in some people conscience is unknown and is stifled by others.... I need not only the disposition of my children, but also the decision to be more spiritual. He who does not believe and does not realize in advance the necessity of living from Heaven will inevitably remain mired in the mud of misused free will. The signs of this time that has ceased to be a time do not hide the breakneck progress that contented man has made, in some cases to become part of the majority of humanity, in other cases for the sake of imitation, and in still other cases, conscious of what he is doing. My beloved ones, at the moment the devil is using all his schemes to bring my people to their downfall, those who continue their lives without seeing and analyzing their actions, but follow in the footsteps of the majority. Children, use the gift of reason, think, and do not act by imitation. This is the moment when Satan sent all the demons to earth to perish souls. I warn you and I am despised, just as My Cross, My Sacrifice and Salvation are despised. My beloved children, humanity in its entirety will suffer for its ignorance with which it accepted the traps and challenges of evil. Those of Mine who devote themselves to seeking darkness in My Word will become very confused and will perish in the confusion, attacking My Word given by My chosen ones. Some think that I forget, no!!! I wait until the last moment out of love for those who are Mine. I am love, that which you do not know.... People will come who call themselves experts in my affairs, questioning my decrees. I will call these people with My Justice, the Justice that this generation does not know, but will know it at this moment, so that the righteous will not perish. You live in constant undermining of my authority, ignoring my warnings, which from warnings will become experiences, persecution, pain, desolation and powerlessness - this is the result of what you have produced and continue to produce. My beloveds, the body will not be completely healthy if its Heart is not healthy. He who does not have love in his Heart, in his soul, in his thoughts, will only carry contamination within him, and from him will emanate only disobedience and pride, from which arrogance is born. My children, humanity will be shaken by terror, the monarchy will be shaken, the awakening of my faithful people must take place at this very moment, because if not, they will be thrown into the same place as the chaff. Have confidence in me. Whoever receives Me in Communion, aware of what this sacrament represents, will not be abandoned by Me. Children, I am the Savior of all people, I came to earth for all, I received all, I fed all, I called all, not just a small number of souls. You, beloved, do not fear, you are not alone, I am who I am, and I will not abandon my people. Nature groans before human lamentations, before the expected death of a great number of My children. You have begun the cleansing, which will intensify without ceasing. The elements will cause destruction, and my children will cry. Pray, my people, pray for Thailand. Pray, my people, pray for France, some of its innocent inhabitants will suffer. Pray for England, its people will weep because of man's malice. The United States will suffer in its fundamentals, pray without ceasing. The purification has been started by the very man who despises me, giving way to Satan's plans. My people must not fear, I will make the same manna descend for my faithful, water will not touch you, nor will weeping hurt you. Be one, possess my love, let my Love strengthen you at this time, for whoever is not Love does not know me. Forward my faithful, do not fall! Do not look where you should not look. Be shrewd, do not fall into the nets of evil. I am the Lord of Heaven and Earth, from my House I will send blessings, my people will not be alone, my Word will not be silenced, my creatures will come from on high, saving my faithful people, I will be with my people, and they will be one with me. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 04 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the Mother does not hide her love from her children, she does not keep silent when they do not fulfill her requests, on the contrary, she calls out to them constantly. The heart of an earthly mother senses when her children are in danger, her heart speaks to her about them. How is it that you ask me not to cry out to you fervently when I see that faith in my Son's people is waning? This is not a moment for lukewarmness; this is a moment of decision, it is a 'yes', a definite 'yes', or a 'no', a definite 'no'. In the heart of man, the enemy of the soul is constantly setting snares of betrayal, indifference and godlessness in the face of people's pain. Children, with each passing moment, the massification will require you to become more involved in the great plan formulated by Satan and his cohorts, so that you will not be able to raise your thoughts toward what is spiritual and necessary, so that you will not come closer to my Son and to me. My beloveds, in a subtle way, in the Church of my Son, the evil that will not stop, continues to grow until the antichrist takes full power over the seat of St. Peter on earth. There will be so much pain when the faithful are forbidden to keep the Commandments, forbidden to celebrate the Sacraments and denied the Holy Word of the Holy Scriptures! So much pain! The people of my Son will be deceived.... My beloved ones, acting and working against God's Will darkens the soul, and the creation is subject to the evil forces that control it. My children, to serve man is a temporary thing, but to be the servant of fallen angels transcends time, so consider this, life does not end on earth with death; and repent before you are put in chains by Satan. My Son has transformed some of the creatures into fishers of men; you must continue this witness, my children, without fear, because the fallen angels will not show fear before you. Where is your faith at this moment? You must decide at this moment..., separate yourselves from everything that will distance you from my Son. My beloved ones, I do not leave you alone, I allow you to see the existing depravity, the hardening of the Heart of man as a sign of this moment, the transgression and violation of the law of my Son, while part of the hierarchy of the Church of my Son denies sin, the devil and hell, leaving humanity in total promiscuity. Beloved children, Heaven will pour fire on the earth and those who have denied the word will be desolate, asking for mercy. Children, do not just await persecution.... do not only anticipate diseases.... not only anticipate plagues of the flesh, but also of the spirit.... be faithful to my Son, and do not be passive, but active, doubling your witness and word, without fear; and enlightening everywhere. Beloved of my Son, in these moments the Mercy of my Son is abundant, it is so great that the entire cosmos will intervene and act towards man, so that man will turn his gaze towards Heaven. Whoever wants to understand my Son, should not want to understand Him, should love Him. Beloved, temples will be closed at the request of those who do not love my Son, and the holy sign of the Cross will be forbidden in all public places. Is this not the sign of the moment? Children, what is mundane blinds the spiritual eyes of my children to deny the urgency of the moment to make a decision and separate the wheat from the chaff, thus causing more souls to be lost. Evil, along with its allies, does not quench its thirst for innocent victims. Pray, my beloved, for England, she will suffer. The Sun wants to reverse the stubbornness of man and the suffering of man by man himself. Before the strong sign of war, the sun will act, but man will not stop. The eagle will be wounded, it will sway. Pray my beloveds for the United States. Pray for Nicaragua, it will be shaken. Pray children for Argentina, it will suffer through its own people, blood will flow. In spite of all this, a man with faith will not falter, he will put down roots like a plant and gain strength like steel, because within him dwells the Infinite Love of God, who does not leave him alone, but shows him at every moment his presence in the midst of his people. The former man will have to put his 'ego' to death so that a new man can arise, a holy people purified, worthy of the One and Triune God. The former man will have to put to death his 'ego' so that a new man can emerge, a holy people purified, worthy of the One and Triune God. Beloved ones, the Divine Word has hidden itself, not out of ill-will, but in search of discretion; but through Divine Providence I have come to you to give you gradually, like a breast-fed infant, that which you did not know. Have you thought that the one who is given is the one who has given to his brothers, and even in giving to his brothers, he is naive and easily deceived? Beloved, with every step you take, if you lean more towards evil, you move more away from the absolute good. Be lamps full of oil. I remain vigilant for my children, do not be afraid, I am with the people of my Son. I will not abandon you, I will not abandon any of you, even those who do not call me Mother. Love must reign in your hearts. I love you all. Mama Mary. Hail be the purest, without sin conceived. Hail be the purest, without sin conceived. Hail be the purest, without sin conceived.

September 08 2014 - Jesus Christ
My people, my beloved people, my Infinite Love remains within you, my legions of heaven stand ready so that my faithful will not be afraid. Stay close to me, receive me with the knowledge that I am the one you receive in the Eucharist. If you are not properly prepared to receive me, wait, otherwise you will accumulate grave offenses against me. When you come to receive me, ask my Mother to accompany you, so that she may receive me on your behalf and so that I may be received with dignity. In this way, the lack of proper relationship on the part of my children, when it is involuntary, will not be taken into account. My beloved people, my Mother is the Advocate of mankind, call upon Her at all times. You know well that Satan despises my Mother's children, and at these moments when humanity is being tested as never before, and those who are truly sons of my Mother are subjected to a double test. Satan knows my Mother very well, he is afraid of Her, he flees from Her terrified, knowing that it is my Mother who will inflict the ultimate wound on him and cast him far away from my purified people so that he cannot touch her. Satan knows My Mother and in the face of Her purity he loses all power over man. I, her son Christ: do not deny my Mother what she asks for my people. The breasts that nourished me are at this moment pouring out and flowing with milk and honey for my children: faith, hope and love. My beloved people, do not reject the blessing, denying My Mother and Her intercession for each of you. My Mother will be the one who will crush Satan's head and strengthen my people so that they will not succumb before this enemy of the soul. My beloved ones, people deteriorate beyond all measure, not only in spirit, but also in their physical body; when a person acts against My Will, his system weakens, which will make him weak and unable to resist disease and survive the great plagues that are coming. My children still do not understand that the evil they do will come back to them, thus becoming their own executioner. What a man denies and does against his brother, what a man thinks and feels, what a man experiences in his heart, will return to him personally to the same extent. No act of man goes unnoticed, everything comes back to him. Just as a plant that grows from a seed to mature and later bear fruit, and that fruit will produce another seed, so in man all his works and deeds, whatever he does, even if only in thought, everything will return to him for good or ill, according to free will. My beloved ones, your works and deeds must be in my likeness, you must accept the love and humility of my Mother and make them your own, and in doing so, you will know that you are walking with confidence. Beloved, the burden of a desolate conscience in man makes him more primitive in his works and deeds. The enemy of the soul exists and exists in those who deny its existence, and this happens when they persist in a shocking debauchery that enslaves and corrupts them until their feelings are destroyed and their senses harden so that whatever they do, they feel pleasure. Children, at this moment of the current generation Satan is fighting along with all his allies against all of humanity, not only making the body sick, but changing the mind, distracting thoughts and making them work without movement, and becoming slaves to labor. In this way, brotherhood is no longer brotherhood, and man is no longer man to protect each other. The changed human mind does not see creatures, but sees deformed beings that should be destroyed without compassion, because this has been eliminated from the sensitive human body. The attack of evil is frontal, it does not hide from humanity, but marches forward awakening and magnifying in man the contamination in his Heart that evil sowed long ago. My House has warned you, warns you and will continue to warn you.... my Mother never tires of calling on you, and my children, blind, deaf and mute, respond with total indifference, because they are immovable subjects of all that is proclaimed by those who proclaim it, for good or ill, in all aspects of life. Beloved children, now that purification has begun for my people, creation will continue to increase its actions toward man, and man will marvel at the power of creation. I love my people, I love them so much that I desire them at my side in white robes. I am speeding up the moment so that my people will be the ones who will not fall completely before the appointed time. Children, evil has no boundaries, nor does good know boundaries, therefore you, in faith and knowledge, will double your strength and all that is necessary so that you will continue to be my faithful ones, those who do not abandon me and do not sleep. The famine has begun, but woe to those who trust that their existence depends only on material food! Have they forgotten that my Father fed his faithful people in the desert? Although everyone must make an effort, they should not be like those who tempt my House, without any effort on their part to prevent the foretold moments. Beloved ones, communism will be merciless; it has awakened, and my children are still unaware of the terrible consequences of communism for my people. Children, my people are surrounded by all kinds of evils that have infiltrated my people and want to take their great spoils in order to enlarge the sects that are fighting against my plans. Freemasonry, the illuminati, communism and the great technologies at the service of Satan, are obstructing my plans, hidden by those who have betrayed me with the consent and pleasure of man and his will completely placed in the service of the enemy of my people, the antichrist. My Church is all of you to whom I speak.... Demonic interests are hiding in My Church to establish the reign of the antichrist. I do not abandon My children, as the head of the mystical body I am Love, Mercy and Justice at the same time, and therefore I warn you. Not everyone who says: Lord, Lord! is with Me; only those who live according to My Father's will. My Church has been contaminated by elements opposed to my Will, in the interest of separating my people from my Truth. My people, wake up!!! Where are you, how can you crucify me again, distancing yourself from me? My people, pray for the United States, the eagle will fall, it will be intimidated by its opponents and hurt, pray for this my people. My people, Europe will be shaken by terrorism, pray. My people, pray for Chile, the earth will shake. The force of nature wants to counteract the passing of evil, so that my children will wake up. Though do not fear, abide in faith, from My House will come blessings for My people. Evil will not overcome my people, my people are protected under the mantle of my Mother. Unite, united you will be able to make the enemy go away. Be steadfast children of faith, steadfast in hope, steadfast in love, knowing that I, the One and Triune, do not abandon those who trust in my protection. After passing the trial, my people will shine like gold, like the sun, they will radiate my Love everywhere and all shoulder to shoulder with my Mother, praying the Holy Rosary, my people will be that sigh of love of my Father who awaits their return. Receive my Blessing. I am not abandoning you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 11 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Love extends to all humanity. I offer you my Immaculate Heart along with the Mercy of my Son, so that you may resolve to convert before the darkness prevents you from seeing and obscures your will. My Son will not deny you His Mercy if your repentance is sincere from the heart, but the deceiver has gained excessive strength and will continue to steal souls everywhere. I call you to the true freedom to live in the Will of God, a freedom that is limited for man because man is no longer in the likeness of my Son. Staying away from my Son prevents you from entering holiness and hinders the disposition and will that are necessary for the ultimate change of life. Children, gain knowledge so that you will not deny what is undeniable, in those moments when today's Herods have decided to wipe innocence, humility and faith from the earth. Beloved children, do not be afraid, I remain with each of you; even if you do not recognize me as Mother, you will not be alone in these moments of anguish and uncertainty. Beloved people of my Son, you are identified as the cause of evil, fear and anguish.... but do not be afraid. Those who refuse to recognize the signs or face the consequences of their own sin are those who deny the truth handed down by my Son about the destiny of mankind if it continues to be mired in what is sinful. My Son ascended into Heaven not to abandon His own, but to continually offer Himself to you in His Holy Spirit. Do not be afraid, accused my Son of causing suffering; do not stop, do not forget that the one who accuses you is Satan himself, who roars against my children and against all who invoke me. Evil knows that it will be defeated by me, by my legions and by my children faithful to the law established by the Father. Children, all of you, my Son has announced that at this time unbelief will flow like water and what should be progress for man will be transformed by man himself into terror for mankind, which he is trying to extinguish in large part through contaminated food, through modified medicines and through some earthquakes caused by man himself through despotic rulers. Man has not listened to my messages or my warnings as Mother, and in the blink of an eye those who considered themselves masters of world power will be defeated and will suffer like the rest of humanity, being victims of their own war creations and for ignoring that the sin against the Holy Spirit falls back on them. Indifferent rulers have led to nation rising against nation, people against people, brother against brother; evil prowls the streets, and you look at corpses with indifference, as long as they are not the corpses of your own family members; you look with indifference at what will befall all nations - some by invasions, others by terrorism, others by famine, and still others because of the fact that because my Son does not remain in man, man loses his self-control, and the enemy of the soul takes possession of him and leads him to commit acts inspired by Satan himself. Evil will not go unpunished, the selfishness of powerful leaders around the world will be their own downfall, one will rise up against the other, exposing what they have kept in the shadows. Concealed armaments will be the scourge of nations, I suffer from it!!! A great part of humanity will be exterminated because of this. Children of my Heart, only those who live the Will of my Son, will be a point of light in the midst of the darkness in which this generation lives. As in the past, selfishness is worth more to man than mercy, and unbelief prevails because of human pride. My beloved ones, feed on the Eucharist, it is strength for my children. He who does not pray cannot call himself a child of my Divine Son. Prayer is a source of grace; my Son would pray to the Father, being Him, the God-man. Therefore, not only the one who says: 'Lord, Lord!" will enter the Kingdom of Heaven. Beloved ones, the Church of my Son is heading towards great tribulations, to the point where schism will take over. My Son's Church will draw from other religions and will cease to be the Church that my Son founded, drinking from waters that are not my Son's will. There will be division within it, and the hierarchy will enter into deep schisms that will wound the Divine Heart of my beloved Son. My Son's Church will begin to be Protestant without being Protestant, sidelining the Divine Word and Law. My beloved ones, pray for England, its people will suffer before helplessness in the face of evil that will lead them to suffer. Pray without ceasing for the Middle East, the martyrdom of those who are mine is a sample of what will spread throughout the world. Pray for Israel, it will drink again from the cup of sorrow. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the elements will whip with greater force, being a miracle for man, in the face of such radical climate change. The sun will cause great misery for mankind. Turn your gaze to Heaven, do not forget that a blessing descends from Heaven, which will lead the people of my Son to safety and hope. Do not reject, my mantle protects the whole world, you are not orphan children, I receive you with all my Love and defend you with my legions that remain at the four corners of the earth, waiting for divine command. You do not pass in solitude, I burn with love for each of you. Sacrifice your suffering so that it does not pass without fruit. Remember that a bad tree cannot bear good fruit, just as a good tree cannot bear bad fruit. Forward without fear! What is coming is for the good of souls and the Salvation of my Son's people. I, your Mother, will not go without my beloved children, whom I do not let out of my sight. I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my word, I bless you to listen to me. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 14 2014 - Mother of God
My dear children, my mantle protects all humanity. I rush to the rescue of all those who come to me, asking for my intercession. The heart of man will be softened by my motherly love. In the end, my Immaculate Heart will prevail and my children will be taken to my Son, and I will lead them by the hand to eternal happiness. My dear children, do not look at what you should not see; it disturbs the mind and hardens the heart. In every brother, look to my Son. In this way, instead of acting impulsively, you will act in accordance with God's Will. I foretold the suffering of my Son's people for this moment, when signs abound. I was ignored and continue to be ignored. Insults against my Divine Son will increase, and the human mind will be immersed in what it absorbs from all that is sinful, more than what it is experiencing at this moment. My children are giving themselves into the clutches of the enemy of the soul, and they are giving themselves up without resisting; in this way, they are justifying themselves and will continue to justify themselves out of their indifference, pride, lack of knowledge and faith. My children, the intelligence of man himself must be vigilant lest the persecutor of souls, your enemy, Satan, deceive you. At this moment, evil is advancing, degrading human beings, temples of the Holy Spirit, because of the ignorance of my children, as they walk without awareness of all that is going on in all that was created by the Eternal Father for the good of mankind, and which at this moment has thrown itself against man to force him to return to the Father without resisting. My beloved ones, on whose service are you at this moment? Whose service are you on? Good or evil? Because those who are lukewarm will be spit out of God's mouth. The tares work to destroy everything in their path; evil works insidiously on the mind of man, making him fallen. The wheat appears brittle, the ears of wheat appear brittle when they are not joined together, strengthened by their union in my Divine Son and fertilized by faith, brotherly love, mercy and hope. What is novelty for mankind is rottenness for the spirit of man if this novelty is worldly and contrary to the Commandments of my Son, which he established for all generations. Man cannot renounce the Commandments of my Son, they are not subject to change, they are not subject to reform; likewise, the cross on which my Son sacrificed himself for his people is the one on which all are, just as my Son is the same yesterday, today and always, and is the same yesterday, today and always. The wickedness of this generation seeks to establish wickedness in the law of my Son. My children, be vigilant and attentive. Too many want to justify their wickedness, and there will be many more who will agree. Beloved ones, this generation has grown up in the shadow of great progress for the good of mankind, but man himself has tainted this progress with his pride, directing it toward his ego, his arrogance, his pride, in order to gain power over the rest of his brothers. My children should have been building for the good of the soul, but at every moment they were and are building for their own downfall because of their pride. Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, do not reject My exhortations, in which I foretold to you the devastating evil that will befall most of you through atomic energy. In this generation, the great Cain rose silently in the midst of man's ignorance. Pray. This great Cain will again bring pain to man. Pray for Japan. Man will be destroyed by the elements, children, pray for the United States, pray for Russia, it will be tested. Beloved, the mind has plunged into darkness, The heart hardens more and more; Man, without ceasing to be man, is his own executioner. The soul is oppressed by man's willful ignorance. Do not forget that you are one and must walk in unity.... pray. The plague is advancing every moment with increasing force, killing many of my children. Beloved ones, do not distance yourselves from my Son. Accept Him, love Him, be aware of this constant action in the will of my Son. Make a decision, take a step now, it is urgent, do not deny your Salvation. The enemy of my children has come with his legions and is persecuting the Church of my Son, do not forget that the Church is all of you. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, work and act in Divine Love. You will be brought before your own conscience by the just judge who sees everything. Do not listen to those who say that my Son will not use His Holy Justice, they will bring you to condemnation. The children of my Son, my children, are being persecuted; the power of the only government of mankind is persecuting the children of my Son, my children. Continue your life of constant prayer, being a living witness, before your brothers and sisters, of my Son's love in you. Practice the Gospel. I have protected you and will protect you; my Son has entrusted this to me. I love you, Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 17 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my beloved people, how I seek you!.... And how difficult it is for me to find you in this turbulent humanity, so far from me! My children, the sun of my Divine Love goes before you, lighting your way, so that you can look in spirit at every step. I will never abandon you, you are my people, I gave myself for you, I rose for you, leaving you my Spirit to discern correctly. My children are confused and doubtful because they have separated themselves from Me and taken Me out of their lives. My Spirit respects the free will of man, and therefore, on this terrible path that mankind has entered with excessive debauchery and respecting the free will of my people, it is so that you keep me from helping you unless you ask me to do so. My Mother, the Advocate of all mankind, suffers from the constant rejection by you, Her children. Man, the possessor of intelligence, has allowed it to become obscured by his lack of knowledge of his surroundings and of what is happening and developing around him, so man denies what is before his eyes, not knowing the origin and consequences of the great dangers that haunt him. My children, at this time you must be aware of the events that are happening every moment, because betrayal against me is widespread and inevitable, and I do not want my children to be taken from me. Those who do not want to fall must not only possess goodwill, not only say that they love me, but rather show this love by raising their voices in witness to this love they profess to me and by passing on to their brothers the knowledge they acquire, so that they not only open the eyes, but also the mind and conscience of those who have not yet taken the trouble to acquire this knowledge. Who loves someone they don't really know? You must know me perfectly to love me with your whole being, with your whole soul, with your whole will.... you must know my word deeply in order not to be deceived.... you must be alert to the events happening around you, so that these events do not go unnoticed, as they do to those who have not dealt with correct cognition. I don't want an ignorant people.... I want a nation that learns, a nation that will not be deceived. My people must rise strongly at this moment, just as I rose from my Cross to remain there without fainting, bearing witness to my Father's love for humanity. How many desire to silence My instruments as they proclaim My Will without human fear! I call upon my faithful people, those who love me 'in spirit and in truth', to endure, because a physical darkness is coming that will encompass the entire globe. It will be a cosmic event and the earth will be darkened and will tremble with power, but those who fear My Justice, it is because they do not know profoundly, it is because they ignore that even performing My Justice, it has My Mercy in it, otherwise everything would be annihilated. Sin and defiance of my Will are a double-edged sword with which you are hurting not only me and my Mother, but also your brothers and yourselves, this sword is part of the reason why man at this time is not looking at man, is not looking at his brother, but is totally concerned and affected by the massive contamination that Satan and his henchmen have directed against mankind to change it together with some powerful rulers of the earth through the Cain of this generation (nuclear energy). They achieved all this by distorting the good and proper functioning of the human body, especially the human brain. This confusion in the mind of man leads him to look upon his brethren as enemies and to scourge me by committing these great genocides, initiated by the approval of the abortion law and the adoption of this law in several countries, and now extending to massive and brutal persecution against my Church and my faithful.... my legions will resurrect my faithful at a precise moment, so that my people will not suffer what Satan wants my children to suffer, my people do not deny my word, I announce and state clearly the events so that you will not be confused. My Mercy exceeds all human imagination, and at the same time My Justice cannot deny it. It has already been exercised against the evil and disordered pride of those who have chosen to distance themselves from Me and give in to the evil that breeds in the soul of the enemy of My people. My people, the antichrist will reach the top of my Church, yes he will hurt it, but he will not defeat it. Prepare yourselves, my beloved ones, my Church will be badly shaken and my children will feel crushed, but you must not forget to believe in my protection. The institution, the hierarchy of my Church will be strongly attacked by evil. This generation is fast approaching great misfortunes. Pray my people, pray for my mystical body, pray for each other. Pray my children, pray for France, which will suffer unexpectedly. My beloved ones, I am holding you in my nets, if you will allow me. You must know my love deeply, so that you will not stumble because of the false illusions and constant lies of those who open the way for the antichrist to take absolute power over religion, governments, the economy and absolute control over science. If you remain willing to do my Will, acting and working according to my commands, my legions will remain over you, giving you strength so that you will not fall. My people are being purified like gold in a crucible, but that same crucible cannot go beyond what I allow as the owner of all creation. Everything that exists came out of my Father's hand, it cannot be that my people ignore the divine omnipotence that created the universes. My people must accept my Word obediently, with love and happiness that more than just is merciful; but I cannot allow this generation to continue without placing it on the scales. Stay close to me and do not forget that my law cannot be changed. Love one another, love one another as I love you, offer me every act and every deed of the day for those who do not love me and for those who despise and deny my Mother. My beloved people, I come for you, I desire the souls of those who love Me.... I desire souls who are valiant.... I desire souls who are not afraid to share My Love and My Word. Unite in brotherly love, do not distance yourselves from My Mother, She intercedes for each of Her children. My Sacred Heart burns with love for you, it longs to find the lamp lit in each of mine. My special blessing is for all of you who consciously share this My truth. I bless you in the Name of the Father, in My Name and in the Name of our Holy Spirit. My protection is with my people, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 21 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, at this moment of all moments, this Mother continues to bring to the people of my Son the love that I keep in my Immaculate Heart. You must love my Son with all your heart, all your soul and all your strength, so that you can overcome the obstacles of everyday life. You must make up your minds, you cannot live incompletely, serving two masters, for you will love one and hate the other. You cannot despise my Son or love Him only in part, because those who are lukewarm will be spit out of the Father's mouth. Beloved children, return immediately to the Father's House, visit my Son in the Tabernacle and speak with Him there. He knows you profoundly, but approach Him humbly, without arrogance.... this is the moment when you will be able to see the true believers, those who always want to be last, because they know that the one who wants to be first will always be in last place. This path of my Son is the path for the determined and courageous, the brave and spiritually determined, to completely nullify human selfishness and get rid of pride and personal interests in favor of the love of my Son and the love of the brethren. Each of you, my children, is a candle that must give light to your brothers, lighting the way for those around you. Those who do not allow the light of the Holy Spirit to shine upon them and their brothers will be overwhelmed by darkness, and my Heart feels great pain because of this. Beloved children, the human body has a Heart, the Heart keeps the human body alive and the soul brings life to the body; likewise, the rhythm of the beating of my Son's loving Heart within you causes me to constantly watch you and guide you along the way. Not all my children burn with love for my Son. My Son loves everyone equally, all are His children without distinction, but I see how humanity does not want to unite in the rhythm of God's Will, in brotherhood. If you were aware of the nearness of the great catastrophes caused by the violence in humanity at this time, due to the lack of awareness of this humanity, then you would be fraternal as my Son has asked you to be at all times. My children, receive my Son, strengthen yourselves with His Body and His Blood. Pray and be active beings bearing witness to the love of my Son, who desires to be shown a living testimony of brotherly love, warning all human beings of the great tentacles of the Antichrist that are over mankind.... and of the fact that he will soon become a public figure.... but before that happens, the people of my Son are already suffering from the tentacles of the antichrist: one of these great tentacles is communism, which as the great flogger of mankind has quietly infiltrated and formed satellites, taking advantage of small countries, giving them aid and thus quietly infiltrating them. This force, which masters man's thinking, which flogs his will and conditions his actions and conduct, has deceived my children and will subjugate most nations, forcing them to enslave themselves in spirit to say 'no' to my Son and submit to the power and domination exercised by evil-led communism. You, my children, who truly love my Son, do not give in to these nets, do not reject my Son and keep your faith. My Son, who gives sustenance to the birds in the wild, will not leave his children without food. Do not say 'no' to my Son in exchange for a piece of bread, do not side with those who flog your brothers, it is a lack of love, it is a lack of mercy towards your brother, and above all it is a lack of conscience. Do not continue to be indifferent to the suffering of your kind, because no man, no nation will be free from suffering. Nuclear power is the great Cain of this generation, but communism is also a strong tentacle of the antichrist. My children are unknowingly giving up their freedom more and more, enslaving themselves and allowing themselves to be conditioned by this great tentacle that will make the whole world suffer. Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, humanity will greatly regret disobedience. The waters of the ocean will be agitated and man will tremble. My children, do not forget to pray for my beloved Chile. O, youth, of whom I am the Mother, cry out: 'Long live Mary most pure, without sin conceived,' and I will come immediately. Do not let vice and depravity, ignorance and lack of consciousness take possession of you. All of these were created by Satan, so you will lose your will, as well as the guiding thread by which you were called to abide in what is good. Drugs lead you to become inert human beings, overpower your will, nullifying it until you have no will at all, and lead you to worship those gods who completely destroy you. This Mother wants the strength of youth to be the one who will raise, with a fervor born in the soul, that cry that my Son desires to hear, adoring Him and declaring Him your owner and Lord. Children, do not forget that even when you seem to have little strength, the power of the Holy Spirit remains with the faithful people, especially the youth. Remember that evil will not prevail in the Church of my Son; this Church will be purified, but will never be defeated. Pray, my children, for the hierarchy of my Son's Church; my Heart shields it. Beloved children, quickly become aware of all that surrounds you and of the dangers that have ceased to be words and have become realities against humanity. Satan has already taken shape ... ... He has taken shape through nuclear power, ... He has taken shape through communism, ... has taken shape through food, intoxicating and poisoning the body, which is the temple of the Holy Spirit, ... took shape through science misused and took shape in nuclear energy. How much this generation has insulted and continues to insult my Son, Infinite Love! I keep you in my Heart. Do not try to give human explanations to justify the mistakes you are making. My messages given at different times and in different countries remain in the present, asking especially for the consecration of the great Russian people to my Immaculate Heart, and this has not yet happened; nor has my message given at Fatima been completely revealed; but this generation will not be fully purified until my message given at Fatima is revealed to all the children of my Son. I am obedient to the Father's Will, and the Father's Will is that His people should know all that I have been commanded to reveal. My beloved ones, I continue to come to my children to warn them how necessary it is to return to my Son, so that no one will perish because this generation stubbornly gives itself over to the clutches of evil, rejecting my warnings, the ones my Son gave me to bring to you. I do not want you to be prisoners of evil.... I do not want you to be in anguish, tormented.... I do not want you to suffer.... Children, go to my Son, prepare yourselves worthily to receive Him, and with a strong will and a great intention to improve, enter the path of conversion. Be aware that if you take the path you are on now, you will fall prey to evil. In an instant, nuclear energy can cause destruction and great harm to mankind, but you have been tardy to communism and allowed it to develop stealthily and exert control over nations, so that people will give themselves over to the false gods that communism presents to them, which are abundant throughout mankind. Do not renounce my Son; go on, beloved, with the cross, the symbol of my Son's love for you. Throughout the world, this Mother will continue to show to all my children the love that my Son demands and that my Heart desires to pour out upon all mankind without discrimination. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the earth will continue to tremble in protest against the sins of this generation. Pray, my children, pray for the Dominican Republic. Pray the Holy Rosary in a chain around the world. You are one step away from spreading the flogging of war to all humanity. The Heart of my Son is bleeding because of this, and you, my children, are not comforting the Most Sacred Heart of my Son. As the Mother of all mankind, I protect you and draw you away from danger. Receive, all of you, my maternal blessing. I beg you, do not forget me, for as Mother I never abandon my own. Remember that you are moving towards a meeting with my Son, towards a new Heaven and a new Earth. All pinches will pass away and you will find yourselves with the reward you have longed for. I love you and bless you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 24 2014 - Mother of God
My dear children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you; you know very well that I love you all to the same degree. There is a wind blowing around the earth that carries contamination created in great laboratories, by the hands of people without conscience. I suffer so much for what will happen to my children! My hand extends to each of the people, to my children. They are all my children, I accepted them all as my children at the foot of the Cross. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this generation is experiencing decisive moments; they will become more and more bloody with each passing moment. My beloved ones, violence will grow, it will be born in the mind, in the thought and in the hardened Heart of man. This is not the man God the Father created, this man is the fruit of the misuse of science. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, great artificial satellites are suspended above them, and from there comes the control of my children. Those who live separated from my Son, indulging in all kinds of pleasures and all that is mundane and sinful, fall prey to those powers that pollute my children in advance, so that they are not people of peace, beings of goodness. Most of humanity is kept under control by those who are preparing the greatest world conflict. Businesses reign everywhere, with no regard for human life, nor compassion, much less love. My children, suffering is spreading throughout humanity with gigantic strides. I suffer for it... I suffer for my children, who will live in moments of despair.... I suffer because they are not aware that in the midst of the shadows and darkness, you can find the great interests of the great powers that are fighting for control of all the natural resources of the earth and thus maintain control over all other nations. My beloved ones, the earth itself will come to deny man its resources, for man to respond, but man, his mind, his thoughts and his Heart are so tainted that they will not stop and will attack each other. Beloved children, do not reject what you see at this moment, for can you deny that the sun comes out to give you daylight and hides so that the night has moonlight? In the same way, you cannot deny the signs of time, and at this moment, where time has ceased to be time, the signs are there for you all to see. Division is Satan's weapon. Some of my children argue with my other children as if they possess the truth about everything, they do not realize that they are perhaps the greatest ignoramuses of all, it is not enough just to read my messages and my revelations throughout the history of mankind, but it is also very necessary to realize each of my words, the desire for conversion and to begin conversion. This is what I desire from those who call themselves my children. I come to call the people of my Son to return to Him quickly. My Son's time is not man's time. How many of you keep a written list of events preceding the end of the Great Tribulation, events preceding the coming of the Antichrist, events preceding World War III! How many of you are still waiting for the signs! My children, these signs are right in front of you, in front of the eyes of all human creatures, perhaps you have forgotten that my Son is omnipotent and that the signs and events I have revealed to you can happen one by one in these moments. Do not forget, children, that you are now in the process of purification and that the tribulation of my Son's people has begun. I suffer for my children who are being massacred unlawfully. I suffer for the innocent, so they are taken before my Son by my legions of heaven. Beloved children, it is necessary for you to look, not with the eyes of the flesh, but with spiritual eyes, so that you can discern the signs that are before you, otherwise you will fall into the clutches of the one who emerges to weaken and destroy all my children, not caring that he scourges the people of my Son, he may give death to the body, but the soul of those who suffer for the sake of my Son will not be lost. My beloved ones, do not forget that the earth will deny man his resources and there will be famine everywhere. Pray, my children, pray for Russia, I hold them in my Heart. Pray, my children, pray for my beloved nation of the United States, their Heart will suffer. Pray, my children, pray for Ecuador, the volcanoes are roaring. Beloved children, you who enjoy peace and food, do not underestimate those who are suffering at this moment and those who are dying of hunger, do not forget those who are being martyred at this moment for the preservation of faith in my Son. Beloved children, it is necessary for you to soften your minds, open your thoughts, soften and open your hearts to know the truth behind world events. Do not participate in violence, be messengers of peace and love. Do not speak against your neighbor, be creatures of goodness. My children, I protect you, united and sheltered under my maternal mantle, I will guide you at all times. Where there is pain, I will be your refuge.... where there is bitterness, I will be honey.... where there is hurt, I will be balm.... where there is loneliness, I will be a star to enlighten and guide you.... where there is fear, I will be your strength, but do not doubt and do not waver in your faith. My Son is your God, and this earth is His property.... my children will hand over the earth to its Creator, renewed from so much waste, from so much sin and death. My children will hand over this earth purified, but there will be so few who will come at this moment to hand over the earth to my Son! How many of them are known to the world, in their nations, in their communities as faithful creations of my Son! But in the moments of the most critical tribulation to come, they will choose to keep themselves alive by denying my Son. It is for this reason that I strongly invite you and ask you to grow in the knowledge of my Son, in the knowledge of my Son's love, my Son's mercy, my Son's merciful justice, and in the knowledge of my calls to humanity in different countries and at different times. Ignorant is he who in the public media speaks against those whom my Son has chosen to reveal His will to all mankind at this time. Keep holding my hand, so that the people of my Son will find me, even though they are few! ...but the faithful, those who love my Son in spirit and in truth, who will never deny Him and will stand, those who are firm and true, they will be the ones who will hand over the reign of my Son's Will. I will constantly help you, as my Son has requested. I will be your Advocate before those who accuse you unjustly. You are not alone nor will you be alone, do not forget that my Son will send His Word from above to the earth to protect His people, so that they will not give themselves into the oppressive hands of evil. My Son will send help to His people, and His people will be protected and guided by the Will of God. Children of my Immaculate Heart, I am the Mother and Queen of all created, come to me, I am your Advocate before the blessed Holy Trinity. This is the moment when you must convert, you must not wait any longer. Receive my Son in the Holy Eucharist, receive Him with dignity, love Him, do not forget that you are the temple of the Holy Spirit, and renew yourselves inwardly with a generous spirit, so that you give true witness to Him who dwells in you. Do not deny my Son, even though fear may overwhelm you, do not hide your cross for fear of being discovered as a Christian, keep faith in my Son and do not be afraid. I am here, I am your Mother, I protect and bless you. My children, I bless you before the earth begins to shake. My mantle covers you, will protect you and help you if you keep the faith. May my Blessing descend upon all mankind. Mother Mary. Hail Mary, most pure, conceive without sin. Hail Mary, most pure, conceive without sin. Hail Mary, most pure, conceive without sin.

September 29 2014 - Mother of God
My dearest children of my Heart, my Son loves you with eternal Love.... and I, as the Mother of all mankind, love you infinitely. Man must find his way back to the truth, he must recognize my Son, therefore it is necessary to have knowledge, for how else will you find your way back if you have not gained knowledge of my Son, of His Love, of His Word, of the Laws and Commandments of the Father? If a person does not gain this knowledge, it is infinitely difficult to understand the truth. At this moment, the enemy of the soul has gained great influence over souls, and with the power that free will allows, he will lead you to perdition.... I am suffering because of this. My Heart suffers for all the aberrations caused by man. My Son suffers great pain because of this. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, these are the moments when all those who say they love my Son in spirit and in truth must bear witness to that love and to that faith which they profess. The Church, the mystical body of my Son, must bear witness in faith to the love she professes for my Son. This witness is not expressed only in prayer, this witness at this time must be action. In addition to praying with great fervor, in addition to loving my Son unreservedly, as you well know, in addition to feeding on the Body and Blood of my Son and striving to fulfill the Commandments, you must bear public witness to your love for my Son, and each of you must be a bearer of the good news of my Son. Each of you, as the mystical body of my Son, must fearlessly proclaim the merciful love of my Son, and the merciful Justice of my Son, to which you are led by man's unlimited free will, or else Divine Justice would not have to take such action. Mankind is responsible for its evil deeds and actions, and is responsible for the approaching Divine Justice, which man is approaching every day. My children, how lightly you treat the events that are taking place at this moment! You do not feel them in your own flesh and are indifferent, but those who are proof of my Son's love must warn their brothers who are unaware, so that they recognize the signs of this moment. Confusion reigns everywhere, Satan knows how to prepare well for this moment, in which mankind has disregarded my Son and this Mother of yours, banished my Son and despised me. Because of this, mankind is spiritually weakened, and the insidious evil has caused him to fall to the lowest level that man can reach. The word of my Son at this time is given to clarify what I announced to mankind in my other revelations, but mankind has forgotten. The war is taking place right before your eyes, and you are not yet aware of it. My children's minds have been invaded and, through technology, they have been trained to serve evil; through video games right now, they are watching the development that is taking place in the war as something normal in human life. Oh, how misused technology is scourging humanity! It pains me to see that despite my calls, my children continue to allow their young children, young adults, and adults themselves to be immersed in violent games. Humanity is subjected to violence from all sides, free will continues to store violence in its memory of its own accord, through harmful technology developed in video games; this prepares the human mind to act without feelings. How is it that my Son's people do not recognize the tentacles of the antichrist? They do not recognize it because they are not informed of these facts, because they do not delve into the knowledge of what is coming to them. Prepare yourselves and get to know everything that comes to you, and you will find Satan behind it all, you will find the trace of antichrist behind it all. My children, the antichrist is not an invention, he is the offspring of Satan, and you think that he will rebuke with severity, that he will fight openly against the Church of my Son to recognize him, you think so because you do not know the scheme prepared by him, and his cohorts, all of them united to prepare for him a throne, one government, one currency, one religion, one order, a government that will be the scourge of my Son's mystical body, which I will look upon with sadness reduced to a small number of souls. Whatever I say to you today is being prepared in silence, so that mankind will not blame Him, but will see Him as Savior. Beloved children, you are waiting for the conqueror of my Son's people, you are so wrong! The Antichrist will present himself with false love and hidden cunning, with gentleness, without imposing himself, and therefore it will be difficult for you to recognize him at the first moment, until he, already possessing humanity, begins and develops his wicked plan and persecutes all those who continue to keep faith in my Son. My children, how sorry I am that you are still lukewarm and comfortable! How sorry I am that you are not becoming aware and, because of this ignorance, you are denying with all your might all that I am warning you against! How much it pains me that out of ignorance you deny the existence of Satan, that out of ignorance you deny the presence of the antichrist on earth! I encourage you to be a people with spiritual knowledge before all the advanced technology that gnaws at your minds and hardens your hearts, and that will take control of my children because of their denial of evil, which even some of my privileged children deny. Evil exists, children, he deceives you so that you fall into his snare. My beloved ones, my Son's people are so inattentive, my children are so inattentive! How is it that they do not want to listen to me at this important moment for humanity? It's because they don't want to be forewarned; it's more convenient for evil to prey on people who are unaware, so its strategy will be much easier.... My dear children, how do you expect to recognize the antichrist: the one who will sit on earth in St. Peter's chair? How do you expect to recognize him.... my children, the antichrist maintains tremendous power over humanity through his many tentacles, among which is the world economy. It is controlled by a group of economically powerful creatures. And you are being deceived every moment, you do not want to listen to my warnings. The economy will collapse in the blink of an eye, chaos will engulf all my children when the money god disappears, and then the leaders will decide on what terms the livelihood of my children will be managed. All this is the great goal of the antichrist, and at this moment people are ready for this goal to move forward quickly, because the seed of my Son's love has been sown in rocky ground so that it cannot grow. My beloved ones, the black gold will be taken away by those who wanted to possess it in order to control humanity, this is part of the struggle of the nations. The world economy will collapse and a single currency will be imposed. My children, my Heavenly legions will feed my children, I will not part with you for a moment, walk in faith, but also know the enemy of the soul and his wiles, so that you do not fall into his clutches. My children, everything will be fulfilled, the mystical body of my Son will be shaken and will be deeply wounded, nevertheless do not lose faith, abide and be a living witness to the work and deeds of my Son. My Son not only restored sight to the blind, not only performed miracles, but gathered crowds to teach them the words of His Father and tell them about the Kingdom. This is how you should work and act at this time. My privileged children must soften their hearts and minds, you must remember that you have promised to protect my Son's sheepfold, which he has placed in your hands, and consistently warn them above all that will lead my children to fall due to ignorance. Not everyone who says 'Lord, Lord!" will enter the Kingdom of Heaven, only those who live, work and act in accordance with the Father's will; and the Father's will is that my Son's people be warned of all the dangers that surround them everywhere. In none of my exhortations did I mention that this will be the end of the world, but that this generation will be purified; this generation has called upon itself to be purified.... If man is good, good will come to him.... If a man walks in spirit and in truth, the Holy Spirit will bestow his gifts upon him.... If a man loves his brothers, Divine Love will descend upon him, but whoever acts without love, indifference will take possession of his senses and his heart. Whoever raises his hand against his brother calls violence upon himself. My children, each of you calls upon the justice of my Son upon himself and upon humanity. What has happened to the people of my Son? At this moment I see so few! And of these few, how many are truly faithful and are not afraid to be singled out? My children, you who belong to prayer groups, to apostolic groups, you who serve my Son, you will be severely tested and purified, and your number will decrease, because not all will be ready to sacrifice themselves for my Son. My beloved people, beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are the people of my Son, my Son has entrusted me to show him his true Church, therefore I constantly guide you, I strongly urge you to be faithful, to give living witness, not to be ashamed to profess the faith, I urge you and invite you to follow this Mother at the foot of the Cross of Glory. Pray, my children, for the United States, for it is suffering greatly. Pray, my children, for China, its people will suffer. Pray for North Korea, my children will suffer. Be vigilant, do not hesitate at any time, do not forget that I am your Mother and I will not abandon you at any time. My mantle is your protection, it will shield you, remember that my faithful children will be marked, so that you will be recognized. I love you infinitely, come to me, I am your Mother, do not be afraid. You will see the new Heavens and the new Earth, and united with my heavenly choir you will sing Alleluia, Alleluia, Alleluia to the only God and the Holy Trinity! I bless you, children, do not hesitate, I am here, I am your Mother. I bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 04 2014 - Mother of God
My beloved people, today I come to you with my Heart overflowing with love to bless you and pour out my love on each of you. You are the people of My Son, I do not want you to be mistaken. My Son needs a people of courage, a people of faith and a people of obedience. Remember that whoever does not obey the law of my Son is far from being truly His son. Behold, I stand before you as the Ark of Salvation; come and board the Ark and I will take you to my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, bloody moments are approaching for mankind, my Son's Church will be tested, but you, His beloved fold, will share the joy of the fulfillment of the Father's Will. Constantly discern that the enemy of souls is coming for his spoils and at any moment will take a great number of souls and place them in his treasury. Be messengers of my Love, but above all be messengers of the love of my Son. The life of my children must abide around Christ, you must keep the Commandments, you must obey the word of my Son and be messengers of that word. I remain with the Church of my Son and come for the apostles of the end times. My beloved ones, I bless you. My blessing be with you and accompany you wherever you go, remember that whoever lives by doing good, it returns to him. Anyone who accepts the word of my Son, my Son accepts him in his heart. Give me your hand, and I will lead you to my Son. United with me, you will be able to face what is to come. Man is what man is, and you must trust and keep faith in my Son. As your Mother, I suffer for what you are suffering and what you will suffer, and my Heart burns with love for each of you. I encourage you to pray together, without distinction, as one Heart, for this nation of Puerto Rico. I encourage you to pray for the United States, which will suffer from the scourges of terrorism. My beloved ones, be strong and do not waver, this Mother of yours remains with you. Call upon me and I will come quickly. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 05 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, may the peace of my Son remain within you.... My maternal love protect you.... The Holy Spirit will help you if you ask Him for help. My children walk and do not look at what is happening, which is growing to the detriment of humanity. The sun shines upward, illuminating everything, so does the Holy Spirit give light to souls if they pray for it. The Holy Spirit endows creation with the discernment to work and act, to think and feel, but few human creatures pray for this. My Son has given His people the means and much more to stop evil. When my children remain dormant, distracted, with a down-to-earth mentality and a hardened Heart, a veil of ignorance covers them and, although the signs of the times are obvious, they do not see them and deny them. Beloved children, the Church of my Son will experience moments of pain, she will be confused and shaken, the sea is rough and the waves of threats rise one after another against the Church of my Son. The Church will be tested and modified, although this is not my Son's will. His merciful Heart is suffering so much! The trial by fire is the only way to confirm the purity of hearts, righteous intention and perseverance in which the soldiers of my Son's love must remain. How much mercy my Son pours out on souls so that they do not perish and abandon the boat due to discouragement! My Son's Church is constantly being tested like steel on fire. This Church must be holy as my Son is holy. My beloved ones, creation will become holy when it erases its personal interests for the sake of the brotherhood and for the sake of its fellows. At this moment, brotherhood is a utopia, love is a dream, fidelity is something strange, and truth is a crime. The Word, which the house of my Son explains with its instruments, is constantly silenced, denied and ridiculed, so that the people of my Son remain in ignorance. Children, the law given by the Heavenly Father was not meant for the past, it is the eternal presence of the Divine Will in the Blessed Trinity; it remains present at every moment so that you may fulfill it and live it in spirit and truth. Children of my Immaculate Heart, the enemies of the truth that my Son proclaims, are rising with power over the mystical body to snatch souls through depravity and denial of sin. At this time you must watch, with your light on, praying to the Holy Spirit for discernment. The Father's law is not subordinate to the development of humanity, but humanity must submit to the Father's law. This generation constantly wounds the merciful love of my Son, only a few accept with humility the arrows of deception that the evil one sends them through their brothers. It is a divine folly that souls who are aligned with God's Will live immersed in the constant sea of God's Love, although they cannot rejoice in it, because evil never sleeps, and on the contrary, it tests to a greater degree those who struggle to be faithful. My Son's Church must always stand firm in love and decision, in strength and determination, in knowledge of all that surrounds it and in resolve, being truthful in the light and in the dark, before its brothers and away from them. Truth is eternity. My children are among my Marian apostles, and like me, they do not march forward to be visible, but remain faithful without being defeated. The plague is advancing immediately, non-stop. The reason for this is the misuse of science, which brings new scourging to my children, unknown and more aggressive. Children, use what I have told you about to fight infectious diseases. Stay focused on my Son, do not let the idol of money determine your conduct in the world. The economy will suffer, even if they say the economy is stable, it will quickly collapse.... Children, pray for England, it will suffer. Pray for those who are being persecuted unjustly. Pray for Sweden, she will weep. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the Mercy of my Son flows down to all people in the same degree. It is necessary for my Son's people to be united, to abide in my Son's love. Beloved ones, the earth trembles because of the evil that man pours upon it, and when it trembles, my children will suffer greatly. The electromagnetism of the earth will not be the same, the axis will shift, shortening the days. Beloved ones, do not be afraid, the child of faith is aware of the need to purify the human race, even before the elect are also lost. My Heart will continue to protect all who desire it. Penetrate the Divine Love of my Son, and you will not experience loneliness, for you will walk in the light that comes only from divinity. I protect you, do not be afraid, you are not alone. I am with each of you, I am your Mother. And my legions remain on earth, protecting you. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 08 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, walk hand in hand with Me.... I dwell in each of My children.... these are the moments before the Great Warning, I will examine souls, each one personally. I will examine them, allowing even at this moment the will of man to look into his own conscience. That is why My House does not stop warning My people again and again to repent. Evil is evil and can never have another meaning. Good is good and will always be good. My people are persecuted and massacred, and for this I am constantly heaped with insults, but do not forget that all over the world my children are persecuted even by those who have sworn to dedicate their lives to my service and to be shepherds of my people. My children are being persecuted by some of those who have been entrusted with authority over my Church on earth. At the moment, my mandates have been placed away from my people, so that my people are subject to the whims of men and their human 'egos'. Evil exists, is the antithesis of good, and is spreading throughout humanity, which finds fertile ground in the vast majority of my children and is nourished by some of my own consecrated people who have denied the existence of evil. If humanity lived in goodness, how different this earth would look! It would have lived in Paradise before its time, it would have lived united with my Will, but it does not, on the contrary, it persistently offends me, it wounds me tied to a pole when it denies the existence of evil, thus giving free will, so man binds himself to sin with total promiscuity and disconnects himself from the true knowledge of faith in me. Faith without deeds is dead, but deeds without faith are indeed empty, they are empty in me, they are dead deeds, they are lifeless deeds. Whoever does not draw close to Me cannot know Me deeply and is unable to love Me as I expect of him. Each of you must be a pillar of support for your brother, so that he can abide in the heart of the struggle and not get lost. Those who say they are working for My lordship, but do not come to Me, do not pray and do not receive Me, how distant they are from Me! They are a light fleece when they are not voluntarily enclosed in My Love. My beloved people, I have invited you to penetrate into the knowledge of My Word, so that you will not be deceived and detained because of ignorance. In baptism you received My mandate, I anointed you to be priests, prophets and kings. Priests of the universal Church, Kings, so that you share My Kingdom with Me, and Prophets, so that you will not allow your brethren to be carried away by Satan, who is constantly moving forward, stealing My sheep from My fold. My beloved people, serve one another and insist on the holiness of my consecrated ones and on living by my word. These are cruel moments, moments of persecution for my Church, moments before confronting my own deeds, moments that the antichrist has taken into his hands to buy with his earthly power, all those who maintain authority over my people to abandon me. I do not part with my faithful.... you are my children, you know me and love me, you who do not limit my presence in each of you, you who penetrate my Mercy, but cry out for my Divine Justice, receive my seal of my eternal love. My beloved people, the war is not only fought on the battlefield that you can see, the war is also fought from spirit to spirit. Satan is not alone, all his legions are now at this moment around the people to nullify in them the thought and the will to penetrate my knowledge. I do not leave you alone for a moment. In the bloodiest moment of purification I will send someone from my House who will speak my word and my truth and open narrow minds and hardened hearts. In every era I have sent My messengers and this time is no different. The persecution of my people extends to the entire earth, no nation will be free from it, fortitude is needed to abide in me, obey my commands and be faithful to my Will. Natural events will transform the earth and My people will suffer because of it. But they will not suffer alone, I suffer with you, my Holy Spirit dwells in each of you, remember that the sin I do not forgive is the one committed against my Holy Spirit. My beloved ones, oh, how this generation has given in to sin and has surpassed all the sin of previous generations! A flood is coming upon mankind, a flood of fire that will cleanse the earth. Oh, how it pains me to see so many men dressing like women! Oh, how it pains me to see so many women dressing like men! How much less Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed. And how is it that even My chosen ones, who represent Me on the altar, deny My Justice when the transgressions of this generation exceed those of previous generations? I need and desire a holy people! I call for a holy people, as I am holy! My Church, My people, My mystical body will continue to be scourged, the schism is coming, but do not let this confuse you, because My Word is not libertinism, it is freedom in My Love and in My Mercy, it is freedom in My Divine Justice, it is freedom for man to choose his way, but not to deny sin. I encourage you to continue the prayer chain of the Holy Rosary throughout the world. My people, call for prayer for England, which will suffer great scourge at the hands of terrorism. Pray for my beloved nation of Chile, it will suffer from the effects of nature. Pray my children, the eagle will fall, the United States will suffer greatly. My beloved people, do not forget that I do not abandon my faithful, my Holy Spirit remains in each of them, spilling over to all my children. Keep as your weapons love, humility and patience. All those who call themselves Christians, and who voluntarily continue to be a pillar of the prayer group, must be the simplest of all, remain in the last place and be truthful; and so that no lie passes his lips, be humble, merciful and so that his brothers see me in him. My beloved ones, be greatly strengthened and know me to the depths. This is a moment of purification and the trial will grow in every way for all mankind, but especially for My faithful ones. Know that I defend mine, you do not need weapons like those who use them to kill their brother, live in my Will, and my Will is unity, brotherhood and love, it is faith, hope and trust in me. Consecrate yourselves to my Heart and to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother. Carry the Holy Rosary with you, do not hide it, for whoever shows himself as my child before others, my angelic legions will bring him to me. Prepare yourself spiritually, don't hesitate, don't waste a moment, hurry to the complete and final meeting, blending into my Will, so that you all will be the likeness of my works and my actions on earth. And in this way fight evil. To each of you I give my special blessing, and let those who fight against me be sure to find more darkness until they repent. May my Blessing be over each of you and in each of you in your homes and on your family tree. I bless you in my Love, I bless you with the protection of my Mother. Go in peace, in my peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 11 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children worship my Son, do His will and shine like the midday sun. Children, each of you is my Son's most precious treasure, the splendor of his home and the balm denied to him by those of his children who rebel against the good. Beloved ones, the upheaval of mankind proceeds on the wings of evil, like a shadow that envelops the human will and weakens it against the incessant scourge of evil's malice, destined to banish goodness from the Heart of man in every way. The power of human ignorance, combined with the growth of evil that Satan and his legions have firmly planted in man, will increase as the Tribulation progresses. Increasing sin, in its diabolical and perverse aspects, makes the human creation show everything that is abominable in the eyes of my Son. So, just as you cannot quench your thirst without water, I call upon you to live and act in accordance with the will of my Son. Beloved ones, adhere to the principles that my Son establishes for the sake of His own, which man distorts without fearing such a grave offense. The doctrine that has been misused for the evil and destruction of man and to give power to the great powers will become the scourge of its own creators. Do not forget that this Mother remains vigilant against the evil that plagues her children. Children, the earth trembles, pray for Japan. Nuclear energy will strike again, contaminating mankind. Pray for my children in the United States, they will suffer. Pray, Russia will tremble. Beloved children, consecrate yourselves to my Immaculate Heart. Love my Son in spirit and truth, go out to meet Him. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 13 2014 - Mother of God
My children, beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I come to you with my open Heart so that each of you can enter it. My Heart is a protection for all who desire to walk on the path of goodness and for all who desire and have made a firm decision to change their ways. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the density of the air not only does not allow man to breathe freely, but forces him to breathe air that is completely polluted, with the consequence that the brain is altered and emotionally controlled in a clandestine manner. All kinds of pollution cause a great imbalance in man. The Eternal Father gave His creatures a clean earth to be free, truly free. Everything that was created fulfills the purpose that the Father gave it, but over the course of generations man rebelled against the will of God, causing changes in everything that was created, and this grave sin has fallen and will continue to fall on the earth. Man stopped looking at the earth with gratitude, while the earth provides him with food, water and sustenance. Man has not shown the gratitude that is due to the Father, my Son and the Holy Spirit for giving him everything he needs to live. My dearest children, at this moment humanity is inside a labyrinth, a labyrinth from which only those who have made a firm decision to change their lives and become beings of goodness will be able to exit. You ignore evil because you have not immersed yourself in the way of the spirit. Evil is moving all around you, evil that Satan and his legions have in their hands and are pouring out on all those human beings who remain spiritually weak and have allowed themselves to be carried away by the modernism that Satan has introduced through those who dictate to humanity from how it should dress its body, the temple of the Holy Spirit, to how it should work and act during its life. My Heart trembles at the sight of the nakedness with which a woman dresses.... My Heart trembles at the sight of how a man has lost his masculinity and proudly dresses in clothes that belong to women. Evil knows man very well and tempts him through his 'Achilles heel', tempts him with his body, with women as total sexual objects, tempts him with the naked body of a woman. Humanity has degenerated to the point of staring at its sex. My dearest children of my Immaculate Heart, I ask you to make total and absolute consciousness so that the life of each of you is an examination of yourself. Every moment must be a self-evaluation of how you have acted and worked. My dearest ones, I am preparing you to confront your personal free will. I implore you not to treat my call as just another thing that has come into your hands. The warning is coming to man, and man must prepare himself through repentance at this very moment, so that it will be less painful. Strengthen each other, each of you must take it seriously, because he was created in the image and likeness of the Father. Only in this way and by penetrating the mystery of the Word of God, revealed in the Holy Scriptures, only in this way will you be able to move your soul and fertilize your conscience with faith, hope and love. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, even the smallest sin, even the smallest offense against my Son and His brethren, each of you will live in such a way that you will judge yourself. As you confront your own misused freedom, accept the complete and absolute consciousness of the transformation you should have had before you saw yourself without pretense. He who knows my Son and His Divine Will; his actions are not only wrong, but he continues to fall inexorably into wrongdoing as he looks at his brothers plunged into sin and fails to warn them of its consequences. Great changes are coming, my children, great changes in my Son's Church, for which you must be sure that the word of my Son is one, and it is a word that you must obey to guide you, to act and live in accordance with the Divine Will. The children of my Son must be like transparent and crystal glass through which the Divine Light can penetrate, without distortion by the human will. My beloved ones, mankind is guided by economic interests, even if you do not agree with them, but each of you, in one way or another, is a participant in this deliberate action of Satan, allowing the idol of money to lead you to commit acts against your brothers, against moral principles, against yourselves, and most of all against the precepts you must obey. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, nuclear energy continues to harm the earth, the home of all human beings. This scourge, which man has created with his own hands and which cannot be stopped, this devastation will soon become the cause of man's great lament. Nuclear power plants are a scourge that man has built against himself. In the United States, my beloved land, one nuclear power plant will cause pain and horror to my beloved children. Man's mind can take him to the heights or bring him down to the lowest level.... my beloved ones, unknown diseases will continue to attack mankind, one by one, but when they appear, I will provide you with natural resources to combat them. The Father has given man everything he needs, not only to continue, to build and advance in science, but in nature man will find everything he needs to maintain good health. I know that some of you would refrain and dare not even try what is found in nature, which I will mention to you, because man, just as he rebels against my Son and despises Him, just as he denies Me as Mother, he denies the attributes of nature for its own sake and will deny the Mother ahead of what will affect her children. My beloved ones, mankind has comfortable eating habits, which, however, are completely harmful to the human body, and are constantly destroying it and making it sick. At the moment, the human body is saturated with bad eating habits, making it a weakening organism, and new diseases are causing a lot of damage to humanity. - Luz Maria asks our Mother what we should do to make the body more resistant to the coming plagues. The Blessed Mother replies: Beloved, make use of the water that was boiled beforehand and begin now to detox the body by drinking as much water as possible so that the body begins to cleanse itself. Beloved, as the Mother who sees beyond what you see, I ask you to eat mulberry (blueberry). It is a natural blood purifier, and this will help the body become more resistant to the ailments that humanity will suffer from. You ignore that a large part of the viruses and bacteria that plague you was created by man himself as a result of his power over all of humanity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, take note, terrorism will engulf humanity unaware, causing disasters in various countries, and man will regret not listening to my calls. Beloved children, science misused was and will be a grave insult to my Son. Pay attention, look up, do not forget that blessings for man will come from above. What I have prophesied will be revealed in the firmament before the Warning. The signs in the firmament will announce to man the coming of great calamities. I have warned you so many times against communism, and my children continue to open the door to communism! When he awakens completely and, without disguise, throws himself upon his own people, it will be too late to eradicate this great evil that you have allowed to persist. My children, pray, gather, visit my Son in the Tabernacle, examine yourselves, receive my Son in the Eucharist completely prepared, otherwise you will reap what you have sown. A seed will not grow unless it is placed in the habitat required for it to flourish. Man will not grow in spirit if he does not devote himself to strengthening in spirit, you are followers of my Son, and especially when you do the works and activities of my Son for the good and for your brothers and for the land the Father has given you. Man does not live to his full potential, unfortunately, he wants to continue to do so, but do not forget that the lukewarm will be blotted out by the Father from His mouth. A true Christian is one who not only accepts the word of my Son, but follows it constantly in every action of his life for the good of his brothers, without fear of being ridiculed. My beloved children, I love you, and because I love you, I warn you not to fall before your time, but with awareness and knowledge decide to act freely for the good. You are now living at the beginning of purification. Man will be heavily purified and heavily tested. The Antichrist will soon make his presence known, but before that happens, all his tentacles will cooperate against man. My beloved ones, pray for Brazil, the elements will rise up against her. They will not recognize man. You who so love and recognize my Son, pray that prayer will alleviate the suffering of my beloved Brazilian people. Beloved children, pray, I encourage you to pray with your hearts and wish good for my children of the United States, who will be the innocent victims of the evil actions of their leaders. Pray my children, pray for France, which will suffer from the scourge of terrorism. My beloved ones, the land that has disowned its children, who rocked it with love, will let out its pain from the volcanoes. Come to me, children, let me lead you to my Son. I am your Mother, I am the Mother of blessing and love, consolation, peace and unity. Come to my Son, in my Immaculate Heart and protected by my mantle, like a starry heaven, where you will always live in the light of my Son's love. I defend you from evil, and your traveling companions await with patience the command to save the faithful of my Son. Love one another. Stay away, very far from anything that is contrary to the Father's will. I bless you, remain in my Heart and allow me to be your Advocate constantly before my Divine Son. I bless you, my Love is in you. You are my great treasure. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 22 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, you are my people, and I am your God. My people, my faithful children, you will not fall, you will never be defeated, no matter how strong the winds are, no matter how hard the spiritual battle, if my children live and do my will, they will never be defeated. I remain and will always be with my people as their King, as their Lord and their God, and my people will adore and glorify me until the final judgment. I have announced my Second Coming, in which I do not announce the end of time, but my Second Coming. But I find so many of My children distracted by worldly affairs! My Mother, in all her revelations, announced the final signs of this generation.... but Her call has not been heeded, and at this moment my children deny the word of my Mother, they forget that I choose my instruments, the smallest ones, the ones that no one looks at, so that the work of my Spirit manifested in creation will be noticed. I don't look for doctors, I don't look for great theologians, I don't look for great hierarchs, I don't look for prominent personalities of the world. I come to simple and humble-hearted people, to those who allow me to be transformed, I come to those who seek me and obey my calls and the calls of my Mother, these are the righteous and these are those who proclaim my word. You do not look for the signs of the times, you do not look at this moment so critical for this generation, where faint and dark sin runs with the wind and pollutes the mind and thought, and pollutes one and the other; it pollutes the Heart of man, where the most abhorrent sins appear. And those who call themselves My children want My Word to be changed, just as today sin is not called sin, they want My Word to stop calling sin that which is contrary to My Will. My beloved people, my voice will not be silenced, you will not be able to silence my Word. I will call sin that which is contrary to My Will, I have no tolerance for sin. I have called My people to be holy, as I am holy. I do not want a lukewarm people, I do not want a people open to sin, but a people open to my Will, a people who will sacrifice, who will give themselves to live, work and act according to my Will. I am Merciful, so that even if he is the worst sinner in the whole world, if he truly repents and has a strong goal of improvement, he - he is a lost sheep that I accept with all my Love. I am Mercy, but my Mercy does not accept continuous sin and does not accept modernism contrary to my Will. I came to redeem you from sin so that you would escape from it, not so that you would fall into sin with false names that contradict My Justice.... Or have you forgotten that hell exists? And in that lake of fire, the souls who remain there suffer, suffer my absence and suffer for having lived against my Will? I am the Righteous Judge, my children have all the opportunities before them to change their lives, but at this moment sin has degraded man, hardened his heart and clouded his vision. My children, I suffer from all that is coming upon mankind, I suffer from the pain of mankind.... war will come upon mankind in an instant, unexpectedly, because false peace treaties are signed and mankind thinks there will be no war. Oh, how wrong you are, my children, you are so wrong! The horror of those who are aware of the consequences of the misuse of science to create nuclear energy and having it in the hands of countries that will be a scourge to all mankind is what makes my Heart ache, because I see how my creatures are suffering from this great scourge. The earth does not stop trembling in its efforts to make man turn his gaze toward Me, but when it sees that it cannot do so, it will tremble more violently and its strength will come out of its volcanoes. My beloved people, oh, how much I love you, and how much you reject me! I suffer when you come to receive Me in the Eucharist unaware that I am in this particle of bread, transformed into My Body and into My Blood. I suffer so much for those who consecrate Me and do not live in this sublime moment of My Transfiguration! My people, you who love Me must transform yourselves - even now - into beings not only prayerful and passive, but into propagators of My warnings to My people. I do not take action without first warning my people through my servants, my prophets. Be vigilant, don't retreat, don't think that the prayers you have offered me with love have been fulfilled, because at this moment of my Holy Spirit I need men of action who will not cease, who will work morning, afternoon and night for my reign, warning their brothers and sisters, carrying my Word and bearing witness to my Love, but at the same time calling sin by its name. My beloved people, be courageous, do not give in to sin. Satan has sent all the demons to earth to tempt man in every possible way. Remember that Satan knows the Achilles' heel of every man and tempts you there. Woe to those who fall down and do not get up, they will be the victims of the demons that infiltrate my people. Remember that the enemy of the soul must be despised in the minds of men, and remember that he disguises himself as an angel of light into beautiful and kind creatures, through whom they will direct you to fall. How my Heart hurts when my children devote themselves to sin 24 hours a day and look with indifference at the suffering of their brothers! My children, Sodom and Gomorrah are left behind, note that even these comparisons are valid at this moment, when man himself gives life to sin in its most satanic ways. All that has been created by the hand of my Father trembles, and the man who lives mesmerized by all that surrounds him ignores and is deaf to all that I announce to you and to all that science warns you to prepare. Beloved children, at this moment you are living cozily with all that technology provides you and you are ignoring the fact that from one moment to the next the sun will advance with its fire on the earth and the earth will burn, vegetation will burn, satellites will fall and what man has left suspended in space will fall to the earth, and at that moment silence will engulf all of mankind, there will be no means of communication, those immersed in addiction to misused technology will go mad and then they will repent, but it will be too late, not to ask for my forgiveness and give them my Mercy, but to be aware, because they will not have any technological tool. Humanity will go backwards and will have to start from scratch. Is this not a great sign that warns you that this is the end of this generation? My children, do not be deceived, there is no place on this planet where the economy is robust. Tighten your belts and trust me. Don't be like the Pharisees who say they love me, but in tragic moments complain and put aside my calls, seeing only moments of pain, not converting and fighting false gods, in this case money. All this, children, is preparation for the coming of the antichrist. He will seduce people and control people's minds with great power, and those who do not live in accordance with My Will will surrender to this power and stand for the antichrist, who will take away the power of all mankind. My beloved children, My mystical body will suffer and I grieve over it. My Church will suffer and will be divided, I grieve for this. When my children see that the economy is collapsing, many of them will go crazy.... how it pains me! I remain here to protect you, love you and defend you, but I need you to stay away from sin in all its aspects and forms. To those who deny sin, who deny the existence of a place of suffering for those who have lived without repentance, I remind you that I died on the cross to redeem you, but not so that you can live in sin. My law is one, not subject to change - just as my Father's will is not subject to the whims of man. My beloved people, you will continue to suffer the scourging of diseases, created by man himself to weaken you, but my people will not be defeated, because I am your God, the Almighty, offering myself to my people and defending them. My beloved ones, pray for Costa Rica, she will shake and suffer. My beloved ones, the United States will suffer the scourging of terrorism, and the innocent will be the victims of pain. Pray for this my people. Children of my most blessed Heart, do not feel defeated, remember that I am walking with you and leading you like a pillar in your march through the desert. You will hear my voice, my Holy Spirit will guide and strengthen you. My children, follow the right path, because soon, very soon, in an instant I will come to you to place before your consciences, so that each of you will see yourself internally. Most of you will regret having offended me, but a large part of my children will be against me and will not accept their sins. It is very important, it is necessary for my Salvation to remember my Mother's warnings about the Warning, they were not given not to happen, she warned about the Warning because it is a decree of my House and this generation will live it. My beings of light, your companions on the road, are waiting for one word from me to protect my faithful, who will not perish. My people will be raised to Heaven, my people. He who sacrifices and is humbled will be saved..., he who is hopeful, faithful and above all merciful to his brothers who humiliate him and to those beings who say they recognize everything and know everything..., is the pupil of my eye. Children, the one who has knowledge of everything and knows everything that will happen is I, your God. Continue to trust in Me and look to Me, not to people. The one who has the absolute truth is I, your Jesus, who loves and blesses you. You are children of my Heart. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 27 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, pray and I will come, ask and I will give you, sacrifice and I will receive you. My people triumph when they unite and fight united against evil, they triumph when they confront evil with proper preparation. Man wants to fight with human means, but he must fight with spiritual means. Evil must be fought with prayer and fasting, above all, if there is no prayer, it is far from defeating the enemy. I have come to teach a lesson to my people that has not been accepted and is still not accepted because it is not understood. Anyone who wants to fight evil must have weapons, and the main one is prayer and fasting. Whoever says he fights in My Name..., in My Name he must pray, just as I prayed to My Father. Fasting has been completely ignored and negated, by the hard work of false structures, it will not be able to effectively win, and only half-heartedly, allowing evil the freedom and mockery of man. Beloved children, oh, with such calmness you dare to make friends with the devil! And in the end you fall into temptation. I command you to be fierce fighters against evil, do not talk to the devil, he will defeat you. At this moment, dear children, good and evil are in a constant battle, which human creatures do not seem to notice. Humanity lives immersed in the mundane and in its desires, without awareness of the future of its soul. My faithful suffer indescribably from their brothers and from some of my favorite children, who do not think I will pass on my word to them, and from their own family when they persecute them. My faithful are persecuted, treated like madmen, and denied the opportunity to reach souls with my message and the message of my Mother. Nevertheless, my faithful live joyfully, that inner joy that alleviates suffering when you toil and act in accordance with my Will. While he who is immersed in materialism, in pleasures, in that which is contrary to my Will, lives in moments, moments of false happiness, moments of anguish and sorrow. My beloved ones, I will send you My help, so that in moments of affliction you may be sustained by My Word. Live in a long-lasting feast, you who know and love Me. Children, evil finds an opening through which it will penetrate and cause a catastrophic storm when my Love is lacking, when love is lacking among you, when hope is lacking and you are in despair. Do not think in those who give dates that it is not my will, be vigilant, with the oil of my Love in you pulsing constantly, do not fall asleep. Beloved of My people, in the midst of all that you are already living, there are so many of My children who do not know that in the blink of an eye mankind will enter into widespread pain and My children will wonder what is going on when you live in the world without regard for your brothers and sisters who are suffering. Beloved children, the countries in the north will be divided because of the great earthquake and tsunami; the wicked city will be cleansed under water. My temples are empty, and wicked places deliver my children into the clutches of Satan. They lack awareness, My people, awareness of My Love, little devotion to Me and the beginning of evil. They try to fulfill my Will with false deeds of piety and fidelity to my Will, without a direct commitment to change lives for themselves and their brothers. This must be a continuous act and constant work in my Will, remaining as joyful souls and followers of my Will. Prayer without practice is dead, and action without prayer is dead, lifeless action. One is the complement of the other, in the moments when my children must bear witness to this constant decision to be living transmitters, active and carrying out my Will. Whoever does not rest because of My Cause is not a fool; but whoever ignores My Will for fear of criticism from his brethren is a fool. My beloved ones, I am Love, and I will not abandon My People, even if My People abandon Me. My Mother is the protection and help for my children, she is your Advocate with me, who reveals my intentions to you. Do not despise My Mother, My child without My Mother is not in complete harmony with Me and must work hard. Humanity knows that trials await it, but they are greater than it imagines, just as sin is unimaginable. The darkness of sin prevents man from seeing beyond his eyes, the mountain will move to the sea, and new mountains that were hidden will emerge from the sea. Nature will reject the sin that rests on it and wants to renew itself. Man denies the fulfillment of My Mother's announcement, out of fear, which will assail the one who does not fulfill My Will. My beloved people, do not wait without repentance, the enemy of the soul takes for himself those who reject Me from their lives and those who diminish My Mother's power, which My Father gave her, for being obedient in perfection. My Mother, the Woman clothed with the sun, will lead this generation to the final triumph over evil. The power that man has given to evil has gained strength, throwing my children, who are unaware of what is happening, into the hands of Satan and his cohorts, placing themselves in the hands of the one world power in every respect, which therefore paralyzes the mind of man in order to control and debase man, just as Satan himself is debased. Only my faithful who do not fear, who live, work and act in my Will, overcoming temptations, seeing as I see and thinking with my thoughts, when they consciously offer themselves constantly to my Will, only these my creatures, with the help of their companions of light, will like my faithful church wait for me without despair. My children, pray for the United States, pain will enter its territory. Children, pray for France, it will suffer in the clutches of terrorism. Children, pray for Chile, it will shake. Beloved children, do not give up, even if it seems that my Church is disappearing; be assured that the forces of hell will not gain victory over it. Fear those who want to steal your soul.... do not go after human creatures, go after your Lord and your God. Love my Mother. I do not abandon you. Do not forget to keep a blessed grape in my Name in your homes for moments of scarcity. May my Blessing be with my people. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 01 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my faithful remnant, fulfilling my Will.... children, the sun illuminates the earth and mankind walks shielded by the light of the sun, the moon does not allow total darkness, and yet at this moment beings blinded by evil and dehumanization spill the blood of the innocent over the earth that shook them. The bowels of the earth, as the Mother of man, will sweep away the stench of human evil and with the pain of birth teach humanity a lesson. Beloved children, in an instant my children will go from light to shadow, the soul will be a lamp for the devoted, or it will be darkness, more than darkness. Children of my Will, you have not heeded my call to conversion, and my Mother is bypassed by my own children, who attract misfortune like a magnet to mankind..., you have ignored the request of my Mother at Fatima, Russia has not been consecrated to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother. My Church is purified and will be in a burning crucible for those who deliver my people into the hands of the deceiver. My mystical body, gagged in ignorance from the designs of the high leaders of my Church, will not reverse such a great evil unless it converts completely to my Will. Purification has been meted out by the hierarchy of my Church by evading the requests of my Mother. My sheep do not listen to my voice, confused and capricious they follow people and not me. War is not a rumor, it is progressing under the waters of the sea, and my children do not see it. It can be avoided if my children return to me, quenching my thirst for souls, and if the message of my Mother of Fatima is revealed in its entirety. Thus the mind of man, limited on purpose by earthly power. My beloved people, this is not the invention of some, this generation will not pass without purification; evil reigns when the enemy of the soul is denied, who will be an unstoppable judge and executioner against Mine. I am the King and ruler of all creation. Disobedience to My Mother will be rectified by spreading Her loving warnings. Pray, my beloved, for Brazil, for she will suffer. Pray, my beloved, for Crimea, for it will mourn. You are my people, and I am your God. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 05 2014 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my people, I am Love and Mercy, my essence is my Infinite Love, my constant thirst for souls.... my children marvel at my constant calls and my Mother's clear expression to humanity of what is coming, but do not marvel at my unconditional love and mercy in them beloved children, my Love and my Mercy are infinite, just as my Will is infinite, desiring that you all be saved and attain the true knowledge of my Spirit. If you come to know me and live with me, fulfilling my Will.... you will know that my nature is love for each of mine. Each of my instruments has a command from me regarding their mission, some I have called to bring my people a constant stream of my Love, others to warn of the calls of my Mother, and still others to defend my people. Since the calls are different, just as the criteria are different, to some extent they are all connected, in my Love that unites everything into one voice that calls to me. You should not be surprised, my children, at my calls through my prophet. My Love for mine is such that I do not wish for you to lose your souls for lack of knowledge of what is to befall you as a result of the foolishness of man who chooses evil and practices the teachings of evil by wicked and bloody means. So many innocents are martyred every moment, before the prying eyes of those who are trained from childhood to perform these practices as part of the normal way of life! These practices are no different from the Roman circus, where my faithful were thrown to the lions to be devoured, and what is the difference between that and abortion with the full consent of the human being to inhibit the development of human life? Aren't aggressions also a circus to which many women around the world are subjected by assaults from their partners or vice versa? My beloved ones, do not ask me to speak only of my Love.... When my Justice is near and which those who have not been good are afraid of. I have asked for conversion from the beginning of this generation, and they have not converted.... the vast majority of mankind still enjoys sin, blasphemes against Me, being chained to the Devil, the enemy of the Salvation of men. I will not speak only of My mercy, so that My people will not be afraid, because those who are afraid are those who do not trust Me. Those who trust Me know that My protection will not abandon them, even for a moment, the faithful force Me to be faithful to them. You must not look only at My Mercy, without looking at so much misery in man, who does not respect even himself. Everyone carries My Cross as a seal of My presence in human creation; this does not mean that one Cross is lighter than another. My loving instrument, Luz de Maria: 'is the prophet of these last moments. However, this does not mean that she knows everything, she only knows the coming events that I allow her to know, but not the dates of those events. - At that moment Christ took me to see many human creatures, and I saw that man is in total chaos, sins are unimaginable. And Christ tells me that false prophets will increase and will contradict the true instruments; they will bring destruction and bad habits to my people. My beloved instrument, those beings who encourage my people's bad habits and deny sin will suffer unmerciful pain. My beloved people, do not listen to those who tell you that nothing will happen, this is only to make you lose your soul. Pray, my people, pray for Paris, for it will suffer bitterly. Pray for England, it will be unexpectedly scolded. Pray for Italy, it will be shaken. Double your prayers, children faithful to me and my Mother. Fasting is a hindrance to the devil. Pray, children, for my Church, which will experience moments of tension because of the decrees that will be issued against the good customs and morals of my people. Do not forget that Rome will lose its faith and will be the seat of antichrist, from where he will win battles with great tricks, but my people will not be alone, I will send one who will help my people, and this messenger will face the forces of evil, he will have my Word in his mouth and like fire will burn the snares of antichrist. My people, you have forgotten about repentance, you have forgotten about fasting to fight the snares of the devil and because the hierarchy of my Church does not insist on it. You are a sure step in the face of my wrath and before my second coming. My people will suffer from the sword, famine and pestilence, these will be some of the greatest plagues of mankind, for which my Mother and I give you the means to combat them. The transgressions of this generation surpass the transgressions committed by those sinners who ignored My Word and constantly insulted Me. This generation created the tower of Babel through misused technology, and this tower will fall on this generation and it will regret having polluted My creation when the sun brings the suffering of darkness to the earth, darker than itself. Innocents, do not fear! my legions will raise you up so that you will not suffer, while mankind afflicted because of the sin committed will weep for its mistakes. My beloved people, persevere in prayer, in fasting and in good works, so that Satan will not have control over you. My beloved ones, look up that from above will come blessings, look up that the stars and the moon will not be seen as usual, and this is a sign of what is coming. Beloved, kneel before the Cross and announce to your brothers that my hour is near. The devil not only tempts man, but he is a deceiver and a liar.... and among his snares are sects, new age, Freemasonry, illuminati, witchcraft and everything that is contrary to the Gospel. Beloved of my Will, help one another, be one, let my Word be your protection, and act with wisdom, so that fear does not overwhelm you, what is written is to come to pass. My Mother, Empress of the Americas, is the great leader of my legions, in her and with her my people will not perish. Keep the faith. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 05 2014 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved children of the King of Heaven and Earth, may the Divine King, who is always adored, be praised! As the defender of the human race against evil, I urge mankind to heed the call to conversion urgently, before the time that is not and the opportunity is diminished. The wicked persecutor of souls wants to increase his booty, and a person immersed in trivialities will not recognize the evil and will become a slave to this enemy of humanity. The earth will collapse in several parts of the planet, causing great amazement. Man will discover life in the depths of the earth, and the earth will cradle it, just as it cradled man. Humanity will be amazed, and these intelligent beings will be horrified to see what humanity has become. The earth will tremble. When the light, which is more than light, crosses the space above us and approaches the earth with great speed, humanity will realize its nothingness, and its darkness will be more than darkness. Conquest was man's desire, just as at this moment, when war is advancing unnoticed by the same man, force by force of power. Everything that happens on earth because of the rule of nations is the work of man; it is from him that the instinct for merciless conquest is born. The direct intervention of the hierarchy of our royal church would be very encouraging and would inspire humanity in moments of persecution of Christians and in times of experiencing the oppression of unprecedented war. My legions, in the service of our King and our Mother, save the souls of the martyrs from the indifferent and merciless eyes of humanity. So much technological progress and so much indifference to the death of so many innocents is the plan of the followers of the antichrist to dominate humanity! Good and evil, present in every human being, are fighting for domination over humanity; the power of the great world powers is hidden in this. Who like God! Children of the Most High, do not rest, do not sleep, tirelessly warn your brothers, continue to be faithful as brothers, children of the same King. Be protectors for each other, united you will prevail. Be brotherly to one another. It is man's desire to be close that unites us, draws us to you, to defend and protect you. You forget about us and are indifferent to us, while it is we who have the mission to defend and protect mankind from evil if man demands it; otherwise we cannot intervene. Keep calling on us, and we will immediately come to serve you. Everything that exists is for humanity. On the contrary, mankind has an attitude of rejection or contempt towards creation, which fears man's actions and reacts against him. Come to us, we are the defenders of souls, we are called to help you. Souls are our victory. Let the King of Heaven and Earth be a refuge for souls. And may our Queen, the Blessed Virgin Mary, be the Advocate and Defender of His children. Amen.

November 08 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, may my Blessing be upon each of my children. I have received you all at the foot of the cross of my Son, I seek you without rest, I will not rest until I gather the sheepfold of my Son. My beloved ones, the majority of humanity still walks, lives, acts and works as if nothing is happening on earth. They are unconcerned about the persecutions and excessive crimes that their brothers are experiencing. Your brothers in the faith are being persecuted and tortured, and I do not see in my children a sense of brotherhood towards those who suffer in the same single faith. Each of you sees genocide from afar, you do not comprehend that persecution will spread like a plague from country to country. The cross of my Son will be forbidden in all countries, by man tainted with Satan's venom. Man will create for himself a personal god, depending on his desires and whims. In this way, the temples will be destroyed, so that nothing will remind man that God exists and that He sees everything. Beloved children, do not be idle, warn my children, clearly express the truth you know, do not count yourselves among those who are silent because they are afraid of the opinion of others, afraid of being spurned. You should fear the denial of my Son, do not fear the maybes of humanity whose mind has been tainted. You, beloved, remember to prepare so that my Son does not find you sleeping, be true apostles of the end times. Do not pretend to have a conscience of the events you are now experiencing, if you do not bear true witness. The war is going on quietly, but it is rising confidently like a giant, the war has not calmed down, it is a giant that is awakening and will make all of humanity suffer. Communism has captured countries through its leaders, ensuring their progress, which must then be repaid by participating in the war when it is openly declared. The United States will feel alone; it will be left alone to face the monster that has awakened with its satellites, which it has secretly and noiselessly prepared. Humanity takes on its shoulders a calf that promises it progress; then this calf will lead it to a cliff, forcing it to participate in its interests. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, conscience is not to know events; conscience is to be a living and pulsating witness in every deed and action. Conscience is not to rest, to bring to the brothers the knowledge of the truth of the moment. Not everyone who says: 'Lord, Lord! will enter the Kingdom of Heaven'. Beloved children, you who remain close to my faithful instruments, be that arm on which the cross of the mission of my instruments will rest. This generation makes this cross very heavy, this generation does not believe in the revelations that my Son and I reveal through our faithful instruments. Be for them a comforting balm, be water when they are thirsty, be a light when the way is darkened. My children's path is not easy, nor will it be so before Heaven's words of foreboding and condemnation. Be, beloved children, defenders and not persecutors of my faithful instruments. Every creature who accepts the call of my Son to faithfully transmit the coming events is a treasure for my Son, and whoever is not a supportive arm will be sent away, lest he make the way more arduous. You must remember that no man is needed by my Son, but my Son is needed by man. My faithful are under My protection, and I do not neglect My instruments. Antichrist persecutes My faithful and will fiercely persecute My faithful tools without respite, he knows that this Mother will defeat evil and crush him, therefore he hates My faithful. Beloved children, I will not let you out of my hand, my legions will come to you in due time. Do not forget that the blessing descends from Heaven, that is how it was and that is how it will be. A blessing descends from Heaven that will protect the people of my Son and will encourage you with the truth of the word that comes from the Holy Spirit. Each of you, children, must say a personal 'yes' to my Son. Do not forget to consecrate your homes to my Immaculate Heart. Children, the earth will move intensely.... volcanoes will remind man of the power of nature into which man has intruded.... Mount Etna will remind itself that it is alive; Sicily will suffer because of it.... three events will be a sign that you are in a moment of moments.... the light from above will be visible from the ground as it approaches, the intensity will be much greater and humanity will tremble with fear.... nature will rebel against man, conscience will be put on the line, then the antichrist will make mankind suffer, until the second coming of my Son will give hope to faithful mankind for the peace they have longed for. Beloved children, prayer must be that intimacy with the Most Holy Trinity; prayer must bring you closer to my Son. He who does not pray does not penetrate the path of light that the Holy Spirit bestows on praying souls. Prayer is communion, communion is joy, and joy is being filled with the Holy Spirit. The human ego is overcome only through prayer, otherwise the ego will grow even when the creature does not notice it, until it leads it to arrogance, and arrogance will make it fall just as the enemy of the soul fell. Prayer makes the hero, ego makes the ignorant. Children, this is a moment of silence to have a conscience, knowledge, to give my Son what he asks of each of you, to be part of the apostles of the end times. You are walking around, not looking at the heavenly vault, and are preoccupied with the affairs of the world. Because of this, you will not see when my legions will descend to help the faithful of my Son deliver them from evil. Only when my Son's faithful warn them of what is happening will they cry out of fear, not out of recognition of the Lord of Heaven and Earth. Beloved, pray for France, she will suffer, these people will suffer. Beloved ones, pray for England, it will suffer because of terrorism. Children of my Immaculate Heart, do not look only at what is before your eyes, but listen to this Mother who warns you to deliver you from evil. The leaders of the great nations are using the world, some of them will fight against each other in a terrible struggle for power. My children, do not fight one against the other, but proclaim in brotherhood the One God whom you serve and adore. My beloved ones, against the evil spirit pray the Holy Rosary. I bless you and protect you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 14 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my womb is the Ark of Salvation, it is the Ark of the New Covenant, which is open to receive all of you, my children faithful to my Son. I bless you from the bottom of my heart as you are ready to obey and listen to the calls that, at God's command, I come to give you! As the Mother of all mankind, I come again to call you to conversion, you should be aware that in these moments the will of man must remain immersed in the Divine Love of my Son for all mankind, and especially for each of you. All are called to conversion, all are called to follow the path of my Son, all are called, but there are few who have chosen to renounce the world.... Evil is spreading like a plague among people, seizing souls and decaying them with all mundanities and wickedness, so that people willingly deny my Son and accept Satan in their lives. Oh, how my Heart aches for them! Oh, how my Son grieves over the fact that His children continually deny Him through insensitive deeds and aversion to the gift of life! Oh, how my Son grieves over so many massacred innocents! Beloved children, so much violence abounds in humanity!.... It continues to increase until man becomes completely unrecognizable, not only among his brothers and sisters, but completely unrecognizable by creation. My children, I suffer for all the insults inflicted on my Son, I suffer when I see you losing your souls, when you exclude me from your lives, when you remove me from the temples, when the places of my apparitions are closed or taken away in an inappropriate way to make room for business and not for centers of prayer and conversion. In every place where I have appeared, I am still present. I do not leave them, I remain, welcoming creatures who make pilgrimages to receive my Blessing. The places of my apparitions are held in the hand of my Son, so that in times of trouble, whoever comes with a contrite and humble spirit, with his thoughts centered in my Son and in His mercy, and loving Divine Justice, will be protected and preserved from evil. At the foot of the Cross, I did not accept man to keep away from those I love; I am still present to those who come to me. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not seek my Son in sensation, do not seek my Son in distractions, seek Him in the quiet interior, where the soul, united to its God, surrenders and offers itself voluntarily, at noon, to be an instrument in the hands of the Divine Sculptor. Beloved children, do not be afraid of my words, as a Mother I am sent by my Son to warn His people to be prepared, but each of you must be ready to be clay in the hands of the Divine Potter. None of you can ascend the spiritual path if you don't first get rid of yourselves completely, if you don't first let your human 'ego' be completely removed, so then being gentle, my Son will begin to mold you with His will. Everyone is needed in the Divine Plan, everyone is needed for Salvation, whoever was called first, let him be the last. Remember that my Son is not waiting for the time, but for the readiness of the creature and his total commitment. This is the moment when humanity, trembling before so much pain and aggression, is blinded and does not see clearly that my Son, through the Mercy of God, is constantly sending His warnings and His signs for you to recognize them and subdue humanity tainted by evil and offer it for its complete conversion. I come and will continue to proclaim the word of my Son and the call to His people, in the face of such painful moments that are approaching for all mankind. My Son's Church will continue to accompany you on the road to Calvary until this Church of His has truly given itself over to holiness; but this will not happen until my Son's Church is purified. Man demands total dominion over the mystical body, and at this moment he rejoices when Divine Justice is denied. This generation, my children, in its great majority participates in the snare of Satan and, without even wanting it, participates in the preparations for the establishment of the reign of the antichrist. My beloved ones, do not believe the false peace at this time, be vigilant, build on the firm rock, do not follow false idols, be messengers of the good news. At this moment, the Church of my Son, which is his mystical body, must fulfill what my Son has entrusted to her; she must evangelize her brothers and invite them to enter the path of Salvation. My Son is not a mystery, He is a reality, He is Love, submission, patience and humility, but at the same time He is a Just Judge. My beloved ones, the moment is coming when each of you must judge yourself, and for a short time you will know your inner self, the work and deeds of your life. Before that happens, repent, accept my Son and stay away from evil. My beloved ones, united in my womb, the Ark of the New Covenant, I encourage you to pray for the united states. My children will suffer greatly from the arrogance of their leaders. My beloved ones, I encourage you to pray for Australia, it will suffer from the fury of nature. The earth groans, and when it groans, it speaks to man through volcanoes. Children of my Immaculate Heart, do not be afraid, convert, do not be afraid. If you are on the side of my Son, do not be afraid. My Son will send Divine Help so that His people will be comforted in moments when hopelessness overwhelms them. However, at this time mankind is not suffering completely from what is coming, and therefore you must strengthen your faith and you must come and receive my Son with dignity. To do this, you must change and become beings who see in their brothers and sisters the gifts of my Son's love. In a special way, I call upon my daughters to renew themselves, to dress with dignity. Oh, I am so ashamed when I see them come and receive the Body and Blood of my Son inappropriately dressed! I invite my dear priests to order whoever comes to receive the Body and Blood of my Son to dress appropriately, otherwise you will succumb to the manipulations of Satan, who, mocking my Son, moves the thoughts of human beings to receive my Son in total depravity. The change should take place right now, and it should begin with you, you must bear witness that you are true children and worthy to bear my Son. Beloved children, my Son is Infinite Love, and I remain here with my arms outstretched and my maternal womb open to receive the people of my Son, to lull them and free them from evil. My beloved people, this is how my Son calls you, but you with a hardened Heart do not respond to Divine Love; do not forget that my Son knows the Heart of man and even his innermost thought, and anyone who with his own words says he is a Christian must be in spirit and in truth. I bless you. Do not be afraid of what is coming, for the Mother never abandons her children. I am here, do not be afraid, I am your Mother, I bless you, and may this blessing be in each of you a rebirth of truth and a constant search for an encounter with my Son. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 22 2014 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my people, I am a beggar of love, a beggar who goes, seeking to find my Love alive and pulsating in each of my children.... but I find myself on barren ground, completely rocky and hard, where even water cannot penetrate. Beloved children, I protect you, you are my dearest treasure, but every moment you avoid me.... I offer myself for mine, but you do not understand me, you do not want to understand the unfathomable abyss of my Love and my revelation to this generation. You deny Me as easily as one denies a theory, you deny Me without thinking and without knowing what you are denying, you deny Me without understanding what you are denying.... You deny me for the very fact of denying me, for the very fact that I choose my tools from among those who are not wise or powerful people, perhaps because these wise and powerful people are the least suitable to carry my word with love, which I send through my faithful and humble tools to warn my people. In these moments, each of you must be a faithful image of my Love, you must be a hero who lives in the depths of man, who is not afraid to share with his brothers and tell your brothers personally that you are one of mine, that you do not share with them either their ways, their deeds or the ideas that humanity is generating at this time. Abominable practices are being carried out and my Heart is constantly being wounded. I see the earth and those who truly love me are very few! How many are those who follow human creatures? And having the truth before them, they turn away from Me, because they are afraid of criticism, they forget that I am the Lord of all that exists, that I am the Lord of life and I come precisely to separate the wheat from the chaff. Oh, so many scoff at My calls and the calls of My Mother! So many scoff at My instruments and discredit them! You forget that I remain before them and that it is not they who proclaim My word, but I who give all of Myself to My people, the one for whom I came and who crucified Me, the one who continues to crucify Me and wound Me, denying Me as I was denied. At this moment I am still denied, and even more so when the infernal dragon has taken over the minds and hearts of my children through the deceiver, the one who manages to deceive my people, the antichrist. At this time, so many deny the existence of evil! So many are denying my Mother! So many in one word leave doubts about Her purity and motherhood! Woe to those who trample on my Mother's purity.... To Her I entrusted My Church, and do not call yourself a Christian if you trample on the purity of My Mother. You have transgressed sin, and My Infinite Mercy is being used to hide the dark side of human conduct. My beloved people, I am Mercy, but at the same time I am Justice, and each of you will receive your due, not what I command, but you will receive what you have planted yourselves. I come for My People, for My Faithful People, for those who sacrifice all the moments of their lives to remain in My Will, to overcome the human 'ego', which at this moment has become totally opposed to My requests, ignoring the need to fulfill My Law and My Commandments. The human 'ego' is a monster that grows every moment, if you let it, controlling you and hardening the senses of the Heart so that it does not feel and hurt before such idiocies as take place on earth. My people, pray to Me, come to Me, so that My Spirit may help you to rise and taste the delights of understanding My Way, although it is true that each of you has a personal Cross, it is also true that each of you has before you glory and eternal life, if you deserve it during your life. My children, your every deed and work is a light that brings you closer to Me. When you see the sun shining at the zenith with all its intensity, so intense that you feel your eyes cannot resist it, think of me, think of my majesty, of my infinite power, but at the same time think of my Mercy, and if at this moment you come to me with a strong intention to change, I accept you.... but do not wait any longer, because this moment will no longer be a moment. I come for my people. I come for those who are slandered and massacred. I come for the persecuted, for the despised. I come for those who are not understood. I come for the wronged and defamed. I come for those who have been treated unjustly. I come for those who have suffered because of the preaching of My Word. I come to the humble and simple. I come for those who have said 'yes' to Me. I come for those who at this moment take the hand of My Mother to guide them, and She said 'yes'. I come for those who do not forget the sick and those who are in prison. I come for those who do not judge, who dare not judge and ridicule their brothers. I come for my Church, and my Church must be holy as I am holy. I come for My Church renewed in My Love and in My Mercy. I do not come to those who mock the brethren, nor to those who unjustly reproach them. I do not come for those who judge recklessly. I do not come for those who consider themselves gods and perfect, and call imperfect those who share my word to bring souls closer to my fold. I come for those who speak the truth, for those who are willing to offer themselves to me, to welcome all my people. My beloved people, do not hesitate for a moment, for this moment is necessary to lift up the fallen.... do not be discouraged from betrayal, nor from misunderstanding, nor because you are spurned, feel joyful, for in this way you will be like Me. I need a people who will pray to rise. I need a people who will receive my Body, Blood and Divinity. I need a people who will approach the Tabernacle, entrusting to Me what is most intimate in its Heart, and I will respond. I need creatures who are aware that they are the temple of My Holy Spirit and as such must walk in holiness. I need creatures whose thoughts are constantly united with Me. I need creatures who can control their impulses and do not allow evil thoughts to overcome them. I need children with pure eyes, pure ears, with a renewed heart and a tongue that will praise and bless Me. I need creatures who will expand their will to listen to what I gradually reveal to them. My calls cannot be the same as in previous years, this generation that is so technologically and at the same time spiritually advanced, will not believe in my calls if I use at this time words from years past that this generation will not even recognize. I have come to speak to you like a friend to a friend, like a brother to a brother, like a Father to a son, and my Mother has come to speak to you like a Mother, a teacher and guide, so that this generation will understand us. How is it that those who say they are experts in the faith and experts in matters of faith easily dare to tell others not to follow me, when the majority of my Church gives in to worldly pleasures? How is it that you deliver my children into the hands of evil? I need a strong Church that will resist the attacks it continues to experience. Beloved of my people, there will soon come an examination of conscience, which I will not bring about, but each of you personally, and at that moment everything will stop, man will see his own conscience, he will see himself completely exposed. Whatever moves, will stop moving, because there will be silence on earth, you will only hear the lament of those who repent for the evil they have committed, and I will come with my Love to receive you again as my lost sheep, even then some of my children will deny that the Warning comes from my House and rebel against me and be part of the evil. My beloved people, evil cannot defeat Me, evil will never prevail, My Love and My Mercy prevail, My Omnipresence and My Omnipotence prevail. I am who I am. I need the certainty of my people to be able to fight with the weapons of my Love and to be fraternal. So much dislike for Me and for My Mother! So much disrespect for the gift of life! And how man increases his aggressiveness at every moment!.... So much so that I do not recognize him. My beloved ones, I encourage you to pray for my people in Chile, they will suffer. Beloved children, I encourage you to pray for Russia. I encourage you to pray for Japan, she will make humanity suffer. Beloved children, listen to my voice.... listen to my word.... I give myself to you, seeking a crumb of love, for I am the great beggar of love. Do not look in My Word for darkness that is not there, for you will find more darkness. See the light that My Heart conveys in these invocations. Be those who fulfill my Will and Commandments. Understand what is happening in this humanity, so that you can find the true path, know the untruth through which you have been deceived, but I Am Who Am and I do not deceive My people, I love you as the pupil of My eye. Do not grieve, for you are one of Mine. Just think, I love you more than I love myself, for I was crucified for you. Abide in my peace. Do not falter, be warriors of love, and I will exalt you. I bless each one of you. May my Blessing be a balm of hope for you and an assurance that you will continue to walk in faith.... I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 28 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. I am the lighthouse that lights the way for all mankind, my Son has entrusted His people to me to intercede for each of you and lead you to Him. I will crush the head of the serpent, the head of man's enemy, the devil, or Satan.... as the Mother of the Word, I constantly go and appeal to the conscience of my children, asking for the necessary disposition so that the call of my Son and my call will penetrate the human will and force the 'ego' into submission, that 'ego' which rises like a giant, crushing the requests from Heaven, allowing the human self to prevail and fall into the traps that Satan constantly sets before you so that you will fall, thus separating you even further from my Son. Disposition is born in the creature as a response to the call of conscience. When the creature listens to the call of conscience, then the creature settles down to fight against itself to allow itself to be saved, man loses so many spiritual battles when he is unaware of the fact that his denial causes regression, giving in to Satan's whims! It pains me to see that many of my children do not yet believe in the coming of the antichrist. It causes me pain because, when they deny the coming of the antichrist to deceive humanity, they will fall prey to his clutches because they do not know the strategies he will use to penetrate the human mind and heart. My beloved children, at this time I come to call you to a new spiritual rebirth, because only through a spiritual rebirth will humanity be able to remain faithful to the Creator. The assaults of evil, continue to increase and weaken humanity, because humanity ignores the power that the great nations and those who are economically powerful in the world have given to allow evil to take over humanity. The vast majority of my Son's people ignore this truth, and because they ignore it, when my Son and I reveal it, they deny it, even my own favorite children (priests). Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, Freemasonry is a force that grows every moment and feeds on the ignorance of the mystical body; and the mystical body has become completely defenseless against any attack and against any excessive control, because the mystical body ignores the power that Freemasonry has acquired. You ignore the fact that every thought away from the Divine Will of my Son leads to an increase in evil; and every thought, deed or act in accordance with the Will of my Son causes the power of the enemy of the soul to diminish. A few will continue to be faithful to God's Word, but these few will multiply indefinitely to bear witness that my Son continues to live among people, alive and vibrant. It is you, faithful to my Son and faithful to me, apostles of the end times, those I call to be love in truth and in spirit.... Those whom I call upon to not abandon prayer.... Those whom I call upon to cultivate friendship with the house of my Son.... Those whom I call upon to be aware that at your side are your defenders and companions on the road, to recognize them. I encourage you, my faithful children, to receive my Son in the Holy Eucharist.... That you defend the faith and love one another, as my Son has commanded you. Remember that it is necessary to observe the Commandments of God's Law, and that he who is called first must serve his brothers; this is how those who are humble of heart can grow. Beloved children, the earth vibrates according to man's conscience; when this conscience weakens, it falls to the ground and makes it tremble strongly, saddening man's future. I encourage you to pray for my beloved nation of Japan, it will again suffer from the inexorable force of nature. My children, I encourage you to pray for Greece. This my nation will suffer from the errors spread by communism and terrorism. My beloved children, the naivet in which you persist does not allow you to see clearly all the mistakes you are making when you distance yourselves from My Son, when you do not listen to My calls and lamentations, when you let them pass without even looking at them My beloved children, important events are approaching humanity, the signal above will make many human beings turn their eyes to Heaven. My beloved children, protect yourselves, avoid eating foods that cause degradation of the human respiratory and digestive systems, because a new pestilence is rising with great force to attack the health of my Son's people, but even diseases or obstacles will not be able to stop my Son's faithful people, who are very aware that they cannot lower their hands for a second, but must hold them high as a sign of victory, as a sign of being a true child of my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, mankind is getting bogged down in what is dark, but you must continue to move toward the Divine Light, so that you will be guided toward me, and I will present you before the Most Holy Trinity. Children, no longer seek phenomena, seek my Son, seek me and the blessed, so that no effort of yours is left without a good result. Every beat of my Heart is 'I love you', for each of you be wise and partake of this my word. I bless you, remain in the peace of my Son. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 03 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you all live in my Heart without distinction.... beloved, I offer Myself to each of my children, I penetrate the Heart of men to abide with my Son, not allowing evil to pasture what is God's property. My daughter, do you know why my Son and I come to give our word to mankind? Because man is created, not the creator, and therefore the creator warns his children what they should know so that they can freely decide whether to listen to the voice from Heaven, or to persist in mundanity and plunge gradually into what does not appear to be sin, but is it. What is inoffensive takes possession of a person's heart to drive him to plunge into vice, and from there to sin. Man, like a magnet, follows the path of pain, as a result of the sin in which he remains. I am sent by the Father, who warns His children against the weakening of the human conscience, blinded by a lack of humility, rejecting the calls from the Father's House. Only when you experience difficult times will you believe in our calls. My instruments are being attacked, as part of a plot being wrought, by those who prepare environments of evil, and my children, unaware of this reality, reject everything that the Father's House warns them about. You are called to love one another as brothers, but instead you fight one against the other for first place. Beloved daughter, the one who proclaims and condemns, is despised, denigrated and wronged.... is a true servant reflecting my Son, to be like Him. All are the Church, only without unity. Man, God's creation, has forgotten that God's power is infinite and gives to each creature what is His will, so that each fulfills its mission in the mystical body. Thus, as in all systems, there happen to be some that are depraved and lead their fellows down the wrong paths. At the moment prayer has been pushed to the last place, human reaction, contrary to God's will, is the fruit of a lack of prayer, which does not allow discernment in human creation. The influence of mundane things along with the misuse of technology will bring as fruit the loss of souls. The lack of knowledge of my children allows the enemy of the soul to keep them away from the calls from Heaven. The arrogant destroys, the humble unifies. My Son came to earth and was not recognized. The so-called scholars fought against Him until His death on the Cross, dragging people with them. My Son gathered with those who did not believe in Him, and with those who profess other beliefs, He made sinners drink the water of His word to repent. My Son did not come for the righteous, but for those who were on the wrong paths. Man condemns based on what he sees superficially, poor creatures! Mankind continually succumbs to ignorance, carrying a heavy self-imposed cross. The power of the people who control mankind keeps hidden the pain they are preparing, guided by the evil one, to bring mankind to a great tribulation. The mission of the forces of evil is to separate the people of my Son from the truth, so that they will not return to the way of God's children. They make them fight among themselves in order to lead them into unbelief, they examine what does not contain contradictions, so that my children will not be warned off the path they are following, which is not the one my Son desires; sin is the path to perdition. I feel pain because I see how man does not discern, but follows the footsteps of other people and sees them as if they were gods, although these people do not bring reconciliation of human creation with its Creator, putting the Holy Trinity second, which is heresy. Until there is a moment before evil, in which the man of God recognizes that he has not fulfilled the Commandments and hated the Word of God, he will not know true peace. I am one, I call on my children not to fall asleep, praying and feeding on the Body and Blood of my Divine Son, obeying the Law and gaining knowledge of the moment in which they live, before the great conflicts that will exterminate a large number of my innocent children. Mankind ignores the power of its Creator, limiting it to its surroundings, and does not take into account that my Son does not act without warning his children to return to the right path. The world's noise keeps the mind of man frivolous, and this is the weapon of evil to capture souls. My daughter, do not hesitate, continue the constant warning, the depravity will not rest, nor will my Heart disconnect from you, nor from my children, to give them the strength not to fall prey in the hands of those who want to keep them away from Salvation. The earth, which was the cradle of man, totters before man himself, the violence produced by man blind before his God will not cease, and man's tears will flow like rivers when man recognizes his contempt for his Creator. That which was created by the divine hand glorifies God and fulfills its mission for which it was created, man rebels and keeps away from his God. My beloved ones, pray and in inner silence find the Way, the Truth and the Life. Pray for your brothers and sisters, for those who suffer from any kind of violence or ignorance. Pray, the earth will shake strongly. Pray for Japan. Pray as nuclear power, the scourge of man, continues to grow. Terror is advancing from nation to nation..., violence is Satan's weapon. Do not forget that I will crush his head again, and the people entrusted to me by my Son will be freed from the bondage of evil, and man, having been purified, will seek on his own the comforting balm of his Creator, and I, as the Mother of love, will receive you in my Immaculate Heart. Do not stray from the true path, do not listen to the voices of those who plot to distance you from my Son. These are moments, moments, the power of evil is growing stronger, but one word from my Son is enough and you will be freed from the shackles of evil, if only you will firmly repent and renounce evil. I, the Mother of Divine Love, do not cease in my search for my children, and I will not keep silent before the threats of men, nor before the attacks of evil, which I will expose. Children, the sun shines for all, raise your eyes to Heaven and do not foolishly hide the signs of the times. Love prevails if man is Love. I bless you, do not be afraid, I remain with each of you. May my Blessing be upon you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 08 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My quivering Heart has remained and will remain with My children. I did not give Myself so that My people would perish, but to give them new life and abundant life. As Father I love you.... as Father I proclaim to you so that you will not perish.... as Father I allow you to be cleansed and to be transformed.... my purest Mother without blemish or sin gives you her inheritance of faithfulness and obedience so that you, beloved children, may come out of that which binds you and which transforms you as creatures opposed to my Law and my Love. My Mother does not reject the cries of her children.... there will come a time when the boat will sink in the middle of a strong storm. My Mother will be the rescuer of lost souls who seem to be drowning in the abyss of the rough sea of unlimited sin. Whoever worships my Mother and bears witness to my deeds and actions is a transparency of goodness, humility, patience, understanding, mercy and faith. He is also a creature who shines without wanting to, because, like my Mother, he sees my image in his fellow human beings. Children, my Mother has agreed to continue to be the Mother of humanity and will not stop fighting for souls. I shared my martyrdom with her, therefore my Mother's martyrdom has not ended, it continues in each of you, for this was my testament when I entrusted my people to her. Beloved children, my House is a dwelling prepared for each of you to enjoy eternal life; my Mother will lead you to me. I call you through my prophets, for this is my Will, to give all my children every opportunity for change and reparation. My Mercy is the center of my Love, it gives you all possibilities, because you are my children. You are not moving towards Salvation if you are not willing to sacrifice, renunciation, humility and true life. You are not moving toward Salvation if you voluntarily submit to torture of body and spirit by all the vices created not only by evil, but by yourselves. Mankind wanders around without thinking or reflecting on its words and deeds, and is a mimic of the evil deeds and actions of others. The widespread mass effectively keeps my children from realizing what offends me, but from being accepted in the society in which they move, even if it means persisting in a continuous wave of sins, each time more serious and compelling. My beloveds, man knows pain, but he quickly forgets it; as quickly as it is gone, it is forgotten. Since pain is a cause for reparation, they use it instead to blame me for everything that gives rise to suffering. Oh, the loneliness into which my people plunge me! tearing each other apart like wild animals, surrendering to evil with pleasure, as they forget me for the sake of temporary and mundane things, slinging mud with all sorts of insulting taunts. They do not wake up before the control of power, to which instead they easily become accustomed, surrendering more and more to all demands, following people just like you, they will continue to be limited and mortal. Beloved children, this generation must atone for their sins, which they do not find, because sin has been abolished as such and they have adopted libertinism as a means of survival. They persist in inertia, which provokes evil acts, and their conscience is stagnated by their own will of creation, which withers in a mind that acts through inertia. This generation wounds my Sacred Body time and again, step by step Satan kidnaps my children, appearing under false masks, generalizing the most absurd and most destructive sins. Satan has his demons tempting souls constantly; because of the separation and distance in which they keep me. My pure and virginal Mother is the one who will crush Satan, knocking him down into the abyss from where he can never come out. To this end, my children must renounce sin, they must not offend me, and they must again call me Father and my Mother Mother, so that of your own accord you will give us the joy of accepting you as you are, our children. My beloved ones, pray for San Francisco, it will shake violently and a volcano will emerge from the bowels of the sea. My beloved ones, communism moves in the guise of a sheep, its claws will be an unexpected scourge. My beloveds, France and the United States will suffer. Beloved ones, I will send blessings to My people, My Mercy is inexhaustible; but it remains before you before My Justice comes to those whom I love. My Word will be passed from creature to creature, when the deceiver becomes public, and my children are oppressed.... My help will come from My House to you, as spiritual food, so that you will return to My fold. When faith is rejected, my messenger will come to give strength to my people, to bear witness to the love of my children, and the dry tree will come to life again, for I remain with my own, I do not abandon them. Beloved ones, wake up! my Love will pour out on everyone, you will see yourselves truly, exactly as you are and; you will see how much you have offended me and how much you have loved me in your fellow man. Love my Mother, let her cradle you in her most sacred arms, love the Queen of heaven and earth. I bless you, beloved children. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 11 2014 - Mother of God
I bless you all. You are all my children.... Without distinction, without limitation and without boundaries. I love you all and protect you with my maternal mantle. My beloved ones, from this place, from my House in Tepeyac.... I bless all of humanity, which I look upon with sadness, walking without direction, hastening towards events, unaware of what is coming. Most beloved children, I am crowned as Empress of the Americas, but I wish my crown to rest on each of you, in your submission and in your offering of yourselves to my Son. My beloved Mexican people, I call upon you to abide in the love of my Son. My true children do not lift a hand against their brothers. Sacrifice your pain for the conversion of all humanity. Remain calm. At this moment, the turmoil in which mankind lives plunges the heart of man into a constant struggle with his fellow men. Be a witness to the peace of my Son.... be the voice that my heart longs for so much, that voice that rises up calling everyone to conversion. Children, I love you very much! I bless you with all the radiance of my Heart, which shines to infinity, feeding you with rays of sunshine and putting in each of you that light which you need at this moment to protect you from violence, the consequence of the lack of conscience in man, the consequence of separation from my Son and the consequence of the lack of humility. Man, in his eagerness to know, though not entirely for the good, has taken up a rivalry with my Son, and I, as Mother, call upon you again to be aware, to think and to reason that you are limited creatures of God and cannot be better than the Lord of creation; instead, you try against the gift of life to create enmity between people, and this enmity will turn into violence and violence into war. My dearest ones, from my House in Tepeyac, from my sanctuary, with my mantle I protect all creation, and with the stars inscribed on it I illuminate the souls of those who offer themselves to my Son and love this Mother, Intercessor and Advocate of all people. Once again, I encourage you to prepare yourselves.... How many of my children think that because the fulfillment of the warnings from Heaven is not on a global level, in human time, they can continue a life immersed in sin! But children, a day is not enough, it's not enough; you live without looking inside yourselves for even one moment, for all that is happening in each country. My beloved ones, so long ago I called on you to pay attention to the world economy! And at this moment, when the economy is on the verge of collapse, I call on my faithful to redouble their prayers and voluntary sacrifices for all those who continue to live their lives on the basis of the idol of money, who, in the face of the impending collapse of the economy, will feel shattered, will lose their lives of their own accord, because they are weak, because they do not have faith based on divine providence. You, my beloved, do not hesitate for a moment, do not hesitate and do not doubt. You know that my Son does not promise in vain and has promised help from His house to all the faithful, and I, as the Mother of all mankind, on my tilma (mantle) preserve all of you, absolutely all of you. You, beloved children, look to Heaven, do not forget that the hand of my Son will fall on earth with his swift justice. But at any moment, with His Infinite Mercy, my Son will exhale His Divine Breath upon all mankind, and human creation will receive the help that my Son will bring without delay, as it deserves. Continue to maintain strong faith and trust in me. My Son has called me the protector of His Church, and I, as Empress of the Americas, have embraced all. Beloved children, find that inner silence, that peace that you seek outside yourselves, get out of the daily routine that transforms you into depersonalized beings, immersed in the constant repetition of the deeds of your brothers and sisters without thinking about the consequences of those deeds. I want all of you to heed my call and pray the Divine Mercy Prayer, the Chaplet of Divine Mercy, at 3:00 in the afternoon on December 12, followed by the Holy Rosary. Offer them to this Mother, and I will pour out a blessing on all mankind, and especially on those who wish to receive the graces I will send. Children, these are urgent moments, you are living in the last moment. Draw near to my Son and feed on Divine food. Your strength will be doubled if you are aware that my Son remains alive and present at the Eucharistic banquet. I continue to look down upon all mankind and all my legions look down upon mankind, see how you reject my Son and His teachings, see how you despise me and invalidate me. I implore you to take a moment of your life and think what would have happened to you if my Son had not remained in each of his children. Beloved, you who desire to be last, and give first place to your brothers.... you who, drawing near to my Son, do not despise your brothers.... you who do not judge your brothers, but are aware that my Son is the only one who can pass judgment.... you who pray before the Tabernacle.... you who pray and say that you are faithful.... be those who in all moments remain in the last place, do not pass judgment. These moments are very difficult, the enemy of man possesses human thought. Be humble and accept my calls. I, as the Mother of all, urge you to pray for my Mexican people, so that peace may prevail there and so that my children do not raise their hands against the gift of life of their neighbors. I encourage you to pray for England, it will mourn before the actions of terrorism. My dearest ones, I do not despise any of my children, even those who do not love me are my children, and for this reason I constantly call upon them. I bless you especially at this moment of feasting humanity for this Mother who protects you at every moment, because you are the treasure that crowns this humble Mother who loves you infinitely. May my Blessing be upon each of you, and you who are aware of my call, share my Blessing with your brothers and sisters. Keep the peace of my Divine Son in your hearts. I bless you, Mama Mary, Mother of Guadalupe. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 16 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, united to My Love, grow in wisdom, brotherhood, hope, love and faith. My hand remains closer to humanity... My beloved ones, you may grow in all things, but your understanding of each of My requests is at the lowest level; otherwise you would not attack each other like wolves. The rider of the scourging plagues continues to gallop on, unleashing one plague after another on man, which are not necessarily those that weaken the human body, but those that invade and affect the neurons, changing them. There are also plagues that make the human mind aggressive and attack it, all of humanity. Africa will be ravaged.... great powers deliberately acted negatively, spreading the unscrupulous AIDS virus. This scourge continues to strongly devastate my little ones, and keeps the rest of my children in ignorance of the reality in which their brothers live. On the African continent, a population reduction is planned with great pain for me and my faithful. This will further silence the pain of this continent and so will it be for the rest of humanity. Beloved children, my Word is not only the past, it is the present and the future. In these last days, I will constantly show you the signs of the times, so that you will know that time is not time, you open your eyes and close them, not realizing the speed at which a moment ceases to be a moment. Man seems not to notice the vainglory with which he perceives himself, the arrogance that has encroached especially on those who consider themselves more learned and those who are most ignorant, causing confusion to the lukewarm, those who pass from side to side like the waves of the sea, and when they become upset, cause destruction through their own ignorance.... and the scholars do not allow themselves to learn my truths, which would make them recognize that they still need to study me.... this generation has been programmed to boast, to flatter themselves. This will lead to a very negative attitude towards fellow human beings, they will be free-willed traitors with false piety and will not know sincerity. In the end, a large part of my children will be slaves to themselves and traitors to their brothers. The education of mankind will become more and more unfavorable as time passes. Authority will become an unknown word and action for most of my children.... the attitude of young people will be imposed over that of adults, and young people will dominate the earth, causing and giving greater emphasis to irresponsibility, to negative whims and to misguided and unimaginative control over everything around them, this will be the worst epidemic, which through the mind will cause young people to have total contempt for me and for everything that reminds them of my presence. The change in the human mind will be the biggest epidemic that will work against itself, not only on a personal level, but on a global level, and so it will be a great indicator that they want to exclude that they are currently living. My beloved ones, look at this generation and compare it with the generation of Noah's time, there is not much difference in deed and action or in its essence, except for the progress of this generation, the motive that moves them is the same, rebellion against my Will. In the heart of My children, evil is increasing and I am diminishing, this is indisputable. A huge number of human creatures live immersed in devious religiosity, they seem to live without really being a practicing Catholic, and this is a grave sin. To be a practicing Catholic and to love Me does not mean mechanically going to Mass every day; it means to live in constant surrender to the sacrifice of the Eucharist and to know that all that I raise up in a soul that is conscious of receiving Me is a being that repeats My acts and actions, that obeys My Will, that is completely different in acts and actions from a creature that receives Me without consciousness. My beloved ones, you walk without knowing Me.... therefore you do not recognize Me.... I will come soon, beloved children.... but you are not waiting for me.... Confusion has come to such an extent that it affects you in your daily activities, and you do not listen, see, or want to remember that I announced that by the time I return, man will be corrupt and will be as wicked as in the days of Sodom and Gomorrah. This generation is worse than the inhabitants of those cities. Remember that anyone who proclaims that 'I am' is deceiving My sheepfold. The serpent is clever, and if you receive a different gospel than the one I preach, he will deceive you. My beloved ones, I will intervene with My Justice before My chosen ones perish. A man who misuses science, right now has the power to destroy himself with the greatest scourge he could create, nuclear energy. Children, have you considered that the reserve of nuclear weapons that the world possesses would be able to annihilate the Earth as many times as man wishes? Children, are you not afraid of this power born of evil? Do you not know that you coexist immediately with chemical, radiological and bacteriological weapons? The human creature retreats and retreats when he thinks that these weapons will not be used.... Man with his unbridled thirst for power does not create something he will not use. My beloved ones, the deceivers at this moment will not retreat, they deny My Justice and give faith only to My Mercy, murmuring about My surrender on the Cross, they overlook the sin of man in order to subvert hell and not call upon conscience, thus preventing the Salvation of souls. No human being can be saved by itself, none. My Word will never change, although some want to adapt it to this moment, in which it denies the suffering of the one who rejects Me constantly and consciously does so without recognizing Me as King and Lord. My beloved people, whatever man has done as progress is failing and will continue to fail. Humanity, when it is not humble and keeps away from Me misfortunes will fall upon it in an instant. Those who rise up against my calls are victims of ignorance, they bring much confusion, distancing my sheepfold from the voice of the shepherd. They seek darkness in the light of my word, finding more darkness, and therefore fall prey to their own mistakes. Beloved children, pray for Brazil, she will suffer. Attacks from nature will awaken My children to return to Me. Beloved children, pray for the United States, trials will not hold back. I urge its leader not to accelerate the pain of its people. Beloved children, pray; rumors of war will become a reality, the struggle for a declining economy will be a stimulus and the right ground for the country in the north in making hasty decisions, forgetting that it will be betrayed by those who at this time tell them to act quickly. Children, some would say, there have always been disasters.... but not like this one, where even the sequence and magnitude have not been seen or experienced before. My children's violence has been experienced in the past, but not with the intensity with which violence has forced the current man to react, so much so that the man does not recognize himself.Terrorism has existed in every generation, but not with the aberration and frequency with which it has become part of everyday life at the moment and is seen by most people as normal and disturbing. In the past, science has moved forward, but not with such persistence and intensity as it is at the moment, making humans into robots that work and act without conscience, directing young people to depend on technology to live and as a cure for their mental, bodily and spiritual ailments; making them stray into ideologies that try to preach health of mind and body. Practices that encourage relaxation and momentary thoughts to harmonize the body are false. A creature who does not live in my Will, who does not practice my Laws, who does not approach me, who does not live in me, who does not love his fellow human beings, who does not preach the truth, who does not accept his mistakes, is not truly my child. Whoever says that he is like me.... who commits idolatry, and idolatry is an insult to my most blessed spirit. My children, lack of knowledge leads you to fanaticism, and fanaticism leads you to stubbornness, and stubbornness leads you to deny my truth. And this has degenerated into sects, sects to fanatics, and fanatics are not my followers, but the Protestants of my people. My children are those who live according to the will of my Father, and my Father is Love, and my love, Salvation, and Salvation is eternal life. Man of little faith, followers of men and fools, will suffer more for their foolishness than for what is coming, because they will exclude what is coming and will not recognize the true deceiver, they will only wander in the periphery. When the impostor rebukes his people, they will look for him on other paths, without realizing it they will awaken the victim of the impersonator and moan. I am waiting in my infinite patience and merciful love, with the scales in my hand, to give everyone what they deserve. Great turmoil awaits you. My Church will suffer before an unexpected event that will make the old prophecies reappear. Continue to abide in your faith in Me. Do not deny the signs of this moment. Beloved, do not forget that eternal life is a gift that you must earn. And to earn it, to whom I will give more, from whom I will demand more. Do not sleep, nor be anxious. Do not despair, he who despairs does not have true faith. I watch over my people, for I love them with an everlasting love. I do not abandon my people, I do not act without warning. My help comes to mine. At the same time I do not abandon them before evil; My people are born in My Cross. My House is for each of you. Those who love Me know that when they submit to My Word, they recognize Me as King of Heaven and Earth, they abide in My Love, in brotherhood, in knowledge and reasoning, they are assured that I do not impose Myself, but love so that My children are free to act and decide. Do not forget that away from Me you will find eternal death. Your defenders are waiting for my word to come to the aid of my faithful, those who obey my Will.... My beloved ones, do not be afraid. I am the Lord of all that exists; you are my people, those whom I redeemed on my Cross. I bless you and guard you in My hands. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 18 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my mantle protects each of you, each of you. Just as my mantle covers the heavenly vault, it also covers each of my children. My beloved ones, do not be afraid, I am the Mother of all mankind, the Advocate and Defender of each of my children. I see no one differently, I hold each one in my Heart, even those who reject me as Mother are those whom I seek most, whom I need more and whom my Heart desires more. My hand marks the path for you to follow, so that you do not go astray and perish in sin. At this time, the Church hierarchy must preach the exact word of my Son without interpretation, calling sin what is sin, instructing and deepening the knowledge of my little children, so that they do not fall into the abyss of sin from which they cannot come out. when you preach that sin is not sin, you preach promiscuity and disobedience to the word of my Son, and this wounds my Divine Heart deeply, these are new daggers that pierce my pained Heart. My favorite children (priests) must make up their minds - now! For the Salvation of souls, this is their mission and task that my Son has given them, to save souls. Calling sin what it is will exalt my favorite children. Hell is full of ... and among the souls who suffer there, I see with pain some of those who have preached the word of my Son in a lukewarm manner.In order to preach the word of my Son, my favorite children must maintain a strong faith, the same faith that attracted them the first time, the faith they professed when they gave themselves completely to my Son. My Son's Church must be holy, just as my Son is holy. Holiness is not achieved with hesitating words.... holiness is not achieved by hesitating or hiding sin.... holiness is not achieved by God's Mercy alone, but by a thorny path so that this holiness is permanent and not a false illusion. These moments are decisive for my children, the instruction you will receive.... the words that will open your consciences.... the call to know what is happening around humanity and the call to be truthful, all of this is completely in accordance with the will of my Son, who wants his people to be holy by their own decision and conviction, by love and by faith. But with a solid and firm faith, and for this my Son's people must be instructed in all that is coming upon mankind, so that they will not be taken by surprise. All my exhortations are challenged by those who refuse to accept that this Mother warns her children. I, obedient to the mandates of my Son, in each of my exhortations explain the various points where the enemy of the soul attacks my children, but the facts are not seen from the same point of view, and this causes those who do not want my Son's people to be aware of what is happening to condemn over and over again the word that I speak through my beloved instrument. My instruments are under attack... What ignorance of man! What my instruments do is obey to be spokesmen for the Will of my Son; but instead they are attacked for being spokesmen for the Will of my Son. Children, the pain that will come suddenly upon mankind is very heavy! It is so great that I am laying down my holy mantle, not to prevent it, but to somewhat alleviate the scourging that you bring upon yourselves when you are participants in Satan's desires and transgressions. Each of you was saved by the blood of my Divine Son on the Cross, and humanity is not reacting as it should.... at this moment, as we approach the celebration of the birth of my Son, in the midst of turmoil, liquor, degrading passions, drugs and music that is used to insult my Son and me, all of this, combined with the lack of conscience and strength to reject the scene that appears before you and that mostly distances you from the good, all of this together accelerates the suffering of humanity in the hands of the wicked deceiver. My beloveds, I see you so advanced in civilization, but so spiritually undernourished; you deny the undeniable and accept the unacceptable through ignorance in some cases, and stupidity and rebellion in most cases. You have not yet understood that you are not just flesh, that you have a soul and spirit that transcends what the physical body cannot transcend, but this seems like a utopia to this generation, and so you reject my calls and reject my Son and his divine love to continue in your free will on a path where you will stumble again and again. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Love is infinite, I have accepted you as Mother and teacher, and together with my Heavenly legions I will not rest until I save those who will allow me to do so. There is a shadow near the earth ... will pass from country to country, from people to people, and there will be no place in this world that will be free from it. My beloved ones, you must change and love my Son above all things. My tools are tools, they are not God, they are creatures like you; as part of the salvific plan, my Son has called you to be spokesmen for the Divine Will, and this you must fulfill completely, because time is running out. Beloved children, pray for China, an unfortunate event will occur in that nation. My beloved ones, my Love for you is so great! I will not leave you alone. I bless you in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 21 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive my Blessing as the Advocate of humanity before my Son. The inner peace of my children is a sign that it is not futile when they help their brothers and sisters, with prayer, the Holy Eucharist, love and faith, and live in accordance with the Will of God.... all who do good, live with inner peace. Beloved children, these moments are not just moments of uncertainty, but for each of you to prepare for the coming events. A person should return to the truth with resolve and courage, so that when the enemy of souls tempts him, the response will be firm, not lukewarm. True souls are so few that my Heart is shattered by rejection by those who do not love my Son. I am the Mother of all humanity, I am the Mother and Queen of the Divine Will. I ask you to accept my call with wisdom and faith, because you are part of the believers. Remain united so that each of you may willingly protect your brothers and sisters. At this time, unity is a source of blessing. The devil sows division to make my children weak. As a mystical body, every human creature must keep abreast of current events so as not to be deceived and fall easy prey to the devil's snares. Right now plagues are falling on you that cannot be easily controlled, so my children will die. More epidemics are coming upon all of humanity. There is a very great and very strong epidemic, which is not paid enough attention to, and which has gained strength by penetrating the minds of my children - Freemasonry. Freemasonry depraves the soul, distances you from the truth of my Son, plunges you into self-interest and has opened the way for the antichrist to facilitate his entrance and take over the Church of my Son. Children, what is material has no value in the Kingdom of my Son, fight to save your soul, do not stop, be aware that not everything that seems good is good, what must be approved by the Church hierarchy is not, and what should not be approved is. Humanity is retreating and looking at it as a normal thing. Pray, it is important to pray, which comes from the depths of the soul. Pray that these moments of perversion will end. Pray for Central America. Pray for Costa Rica, she will tremble. Love the Holy Eucharist, obey the Commandments and study the holy scriptures, for whoever does not know them thoroughly does not love. Do not attack each other like wolves in sheep's clothing, be fraternal, ignorance leads my children to make grave mistakes, and even more, because being ignorant they are unable to admit their mistakes, so from ignorance they move to arrogance, which is the daughter of the devil. My Son's Church does not see the power of sects, they must be fought hard before they lead more souls to the abyss. My children are unaware of my and my Son's revelations, the hierarchy does not speak clearly to them. If my Son's people knew about all that we have announced, they would be more careful if my children knew the depth and seriousness of my word at Fatima, it would prevent the loss of a great number of souls.... schism will come to my children because of their ignorance and confusion; it will come to the Church of my Son. You, my beloved, are fighting with knowledge - only that it will not be clear unless you are souls dedicated to the Eucharist, prayer, sacrifice, charity, fasting, piety and openness. Pray for priests to be prayerful, what they forget. Be transparent to the Holy Spirit, open to the Word of God. As we approach the celebration of the birth of my Son, surrender yourselves to the Child Jesus, ask Him to instill in you His innocence, what humanity has lost and what has been taken from our young. Beloved children, my maternal Heart remains before you.... Let us pray together for the creatures who have surrendered to the dictates of the devil. I bless you, come to me, I lead you to my Son. Love all that the Father has created for you. My maternal love goes with you wherever you go. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 24 2014 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, live in my womb while I protect you with maternal love. My Divine Son sacrificed for each of you the tightness in which he lived in my virgin womb.... in order to alleviate the narrowness of mind of His children. My Divine Son prayed for you in my womb and sacrificed for you.... he knew of the mockery and suffering he would endure to fight for the conversion of his people. My Divine Son lived in His Father's will to atone and make amends to God the Father for the transgressions of all creatures of all times, until the end of the world. At this moment I am knocking at the door of the Heart of each of you who are reading this call of mine, knocking to enter.... My Son is about to be born, and yet some at this moment are not opening the door. I hope that it is you that I seek.... and that you will allow my Son to be born in you for your blessing. There are too many who know about Him, but do not speak the truth, they go against Him who is the Way, the Truth and the Life. Please take shelter, please take shelter.... My Son is the light of the world, and I cannot find a place to lay Him when He is born. He seeks comfort in the love of the Heart of man, His children. My Son will not allow you to walk alone; His children possess life and that life in abundance. His children are not dead people, they are people of life. I knock on the door of the Heart of my children, and there is a faint stench when I find such mediocre willingness and spiritual ignorance as you possess that I do not allow to pass unnoticed, because for these creatures my Son offered Himself in my womb before birth. Man does not want to delve into the spiritual path, he is afraid to abandon human bonds and pleasures, even if it leads him to suffering. I will put myself before anyone to ask for shelter.... you are more concerned with food and drink than with prayers to my Son.... prayers are not to ask for a favor, but to tell Him that you love Him. I remained, praying together with my child, praying every moment, not only on my knees, but behaving and acting in accordance with God's will, praying in obedience and acting to give the Eternal Father what human creatures, and only a few of them, human will not give Him. To you who read my call, I knock at your door.... To you who hear, but refuse to open.... To you I ask you to open the door, that my Son may be born in your heart. My Son is born in a manger, this manger is your Heart, which by keeping a relationship at a distance with my Son, you send Him to a less crowded place of the human Heart, so that your conscience is not troubled or renounced to live false loves, selfishness, disobedience and pleasures that lead to false and temporary happiness. My Son knows about love, He is Love. My Son knows about obedience, He is obedience, He is time itself, He is infinite, He is eternal. Those who do not give my Son shelter are still my children, even though they do not know love, faith, hope, charity and peace, because only those who follow Him and love Him will experience this permanently. Some give Joseph and me shelter, but leave the room in semi-darkness, so that their brothers don't find out that they are interested in a new life. They are lukewarm, who cannot find peace, nor will they be real. They become unrecognizable when spiritual jealousy assaults them, causing division or allowing frigidity to turn into arrogance, which will lead them to self-indulge to the point of climbing to the highest rung with the intention of dominating, only that none of these creatures operate in truth, but in mediocrity. Beloved ones, my children once again meet my Divine Son, the humble carpenter's son, the same one whom Joseph taught to work with wood and sometimes with stone; with wood because he must take a chisel in his hands to remove the imperfections from his children, and with stone to crush the Heart of Stone that is insidiously hidden among you at this moment. My Son weeps in the manger of the human Heart before the fall of man, because of his refusal to accept His word, which reveals its meaning in those calls in which I participate. My Son smiles for the soul that returns to Him, for just one soul, whom I implore to be the one who at this moment ponders this Word of Mine within the Divine Will, for the glory of the Most Holy Trinity. Children, gather in prayer at midnight and lay before my small and divine Son the mind of every inhabitant of the earth and together with my angels sing: Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace to men of good will. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 28 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Love walks in the paths of my children, anticipating the attacks on the road.... I warn you of what is coming, so that you may prepare yourselves. A people who believe is a people of faith with a foundation on solid rock, not built on shifting sands. My Love is a mystery to some, and fullness to those who know Me; they know and acknowledge Me as their God and Savior. My people will not succumb or be annihilated, they will be purified to be worthy to come to Me. A man with a passive spirit must be put in a situation that forces him to choose in order to awaken. The world presents you with many choices that you will come to know, the decision is personal, and at the same time it is a freedom that only I, your Savior, have given you, freedom not immorality. My beloved, freedom is an effort and an enduring decision, freedom is like going out and coming back. As long as a human being does not experience obstacles from misused free will, he will not feel compelled to stop and continue on his way. Freedom is a blessing for man and a threat at the same time, it is possession and separation.... my children have given a different notion of freedom however, actions that have led you in the direction of excessive freedom of all senses, desires and pleasures, confusing freedom by leaving my side and rejecting me because of their desire for independence that prevails in man. My children's erroneous mentality leads them to desire independence from everything in order to live in immorality. My beloved ones, I freed you to be free from sin, not to wallow in it. Each of my children must struggle against the mundane in order to establish spiritual unity between creation and me, and between you and your brothers. Because you live in the moment, because individually you are one, this is the reason why the forces of evil will not defeat you. I give you fullness, but in order to achieve it, I require you to work and act differently, the standard for living honestly according to my Commandments, my law is love. And in love to know the roots of the foundation of love for self and neighbor, if you do not go deep and know my Love - man is spiritually incapable, because he cannot give what he does not have. Man at this time lives immersed in disorderly liberalism. When one does not know the basics of my Love, one sinks into evil, idolatry, lust and forgets the Salvation of the soul. My children care only about the body, they do nothing to save the soul, they come to Me, not remembering who I am and how they must preserve their spiritual state before Me. Not everyone who says: 'Lord, Lord!" will enter the Kingdom of Heaven, except for the one who lives and does the will of My Father. I see very few living, working and acting according to My Father's will! Some show a slight flair of spirituality in front of their brethren to shine a little on the outside, but on the inside they are tombs.... others without penetrating my Love mask their lack of love towards their brothers serving in the temples, but inside they are whitewashed tombs.... others serve hypocritically in the temples to maintain their status in the community, but do not love me or know me.... others, who know Me superficially, take justice into their own hands, pointing and judging, without penetrating the true knowledge of My Love; otherwise they would not be the knife that cuts down their brothers. My beloved ones, this moment is different from others, it is a moment of decision, you cannot continue in lukewarmness...the moment is coming to an end. do not give weapons to fools to continue in their foolishness of false freedom. You, my beloved, pray and receive my Body and my Blood, where I am present and real, in my miracle of love for humanity. Abide in my Love, so that the violence of Satan does not invade you. Be vigilant, for false prophets will appear, calling themselves Christ: seeing themselves falsely as the mainstay of my Love, the indispensable support for my work of Salvation. My people, be vigilant! No human creature is indispensable to My Plan of Salvation; indispensable is I living in each of you, working and acting in the peace of My Liberty. Beloved children, my people will experience moments of trial, pray for my Church. Beloved children, pray for Brazil, which will suffer. Beloved children, rumors of war will no longer be rumors. Nature increases man's awakening, so that his outlook and conscience will return to Me. Do not harden your hearts, for I know even your finest thoughts. Look up high, repent before I come like a thief in the night and catch you unaware. Be careful, your body is the temple of My Spirit.... If the body gets sick, it pollutes the soul. Children, the poison is not visible to you, you consume it in the food itself, the demented minds of those who have power in industry poison your body with unforeseen diseases. Look up high, I will send my Blessing. Just as I sent manna to My people, I will send My Blessing to this generation. I am Infinite Love and Mercy.... I call with patience, though my children do not listen, before they perish I will call them with my Justice. My people will shine like gold. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 30 2014 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I love you so much! I guide you especially the least and the humble, so that they will not be further drawn toward error. This generation is now in the end times foretold by Me.... Chaos has engulfed My children because of their lack of knowledge of the essence of My surroundings on the Cross.... I did not come into the world to be admired, but to be the reason for man's existence.... I am not a passive God, but a God who does not rest. I am always on guard, defending the souls that are my property, before any of my human creatures, because of living their human 'ego', become apostate in the faith in order to gain credibility and secure the acceptance of their brothers. I encourage you to live in my Love, so that you do not persist in the midst of so much corruption and do not succumb to it. You, My children, fight against the world and its machinations, but you must always be sure that I do not abandon you. This is called faith. I cannot get away from the fact that man has lost respect for the gift of life.... is not afraid to do harm to his brother.... he is not afraid to make an attack on the innocent.... is not afraid to lose his soul when he believes that the place of eternal damnation does not exist, denies me, removes me from his life and forgets that I redeemed him on the Cross. False ideologies invade the earth to separate you from Me, and they are not afraid to offend Me, because I have remained silent. But as in the past of other generations, I will come when they least expect Me. At this moment the enemy of the soul has penetrated man with a fierceness such as never before, they have forgotten that I will return and with a rod of steel I will reach those who deserve it. Man walks empty, giving free will, to the point that the devil allows man to act on his own to do evil, the devil looks with joy at mankind and incites them to separate from me. Because of their lack of humility, they will not listen to Me or see My Face, which will be hidden from those who, of their own accord, continue to live in ignorance of My Love and continue to deliberately lead their brethren with great skill to ignore Me. I look with pain at some of My chosen ones who ignore Me, do not pray, direct themselves, dragging behind them spiritual illiterates, ignorant.... It pains me to see how the simple are led to the wrong path, that is, the path to sin.... Evil does not exist for some of my favorite children, appealing to my Mercy, and thus plunged my children into constant sin. Sodom and Gomorrah experienced God's Justice, so why should this generation be rewarded if they live in an excess of sin? Man does not take my words seriously, he puts them aside, knowing that I do not speak a word without fulfilling it. My children have allowed the poison of the devil and his legions to dominate them to the extreme, carrying in their clutches the spoils of souls to hell. Enemies of my people, victory will not be yours, do not think that you are taking what is mine! Enemies of my people, you treat my children with great degeneration, those who do not deny me, those who call on me at the last moment and those who out of fear surrender to you.... force of arms will not steal the soul that belongs to me! Beloved, the greatest calamities are beginning to appear, my children will be slaves to the whims of heretics, and churches will be closed to prevent them from adoring me. Do not forget that I live in each of you, solitude is not the source of my faithfulness, and I walk with you step by step. So that the persecutors of my people and those who call themselves my children will be afraid to believe in my presence in each of you, for I will come soon with an iron hand to save my people with great Power and Majesty, with my legions the whole earth will tremble, and the reigning one will experience his impotence. Before that happens, my Second Coming will come. The earth will be plunged into a darkness never seen before, a darkness of the soul, of thought, of conscience and wherever evil nests. Children, continue to do good, pray, receive me in the Eucharist, the sacrament of divine Love, do not offend me, on the contrary, repent. Do not falter, gain strength and proclaim in season and out of season, without fear, forward, not ashamed to profess faith in my reign, it has no end. Do not be surprised that those who do not love me advance, I will soon raise my hand against the oppressors and silence them, my hand will fall on them. My beloved ones, you are different, you are My fold, in which I remain and by My Will, I will not abandon you. I am the most faithful and as such you will not be alone, I will send blessings from above, my help will come shining with the innocence of a child in your souls, but with my truth with fire in your mouth, destroying the powerful oppressors. You will never be alone, you are the pupil of my eye, my holiness will walk hand in hand with my Mother. Children, not all will be misery if I dwell in you. Do not separate yourselves from Me, remain united with Me, abide with Me, that 'I am who I am' and no man can imitate Me, I am the beginning and the end of all that exists. My Love for my people is infinite, just as infinite are my Mercy and my Justice. My Love pours out to the hearts of the faithful and simple, to the hearts of the persecuted for My Name's sake. Cry out to My Mother, She is waiting to take action by interceding on behalf of Her children. May my Blessing accompany each of you wherever you go. I love you with an everlasting love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.
