January 03 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you, my children; as Mother, I carry you in my womb for as long as necessary. In my womb, you are learning to love as my Son demands of you; you understand that in order to live justly, you need to know my Son, so that you will not be surprised by His work and actions, which are beyond all human schemes. My Son is Infinite Mercy, and for one soul He pours out all His mercy to receive a sinner; there is no repentant sinner from whom my Son would turn away. You, as human beings, are limited to the limited vision that every human being has; my Son transcends the human concept of forgiveness and goes out to meet souls to save them and offer them His Divine Love. At this moment, children, man must come out of the fog that does not allow him to see further than his eyes can see. You must break with the ambitions with which you have been living. An ambitious man is never satisfied, and this dirties the senses to the point of hardening them, so that they see only one goal, which is hard and destructive. One cannot walk by dragging the deeds and works of others, but by taking one's own path, determined, full of surrender and humility, wisdom, and at the same time understanding of Divine Justice. All of you, as children of God, deserve opportunities, forgiveness, mercy, hope, love, blessings, and above all deserve to know at every moment that you are worthy of Eternal Life. You, children of my Immaculate Heart, must strengthen your faith, strengthen the strength that is in each person, and this you will achieve through love and unity. You must look to yourselves to make a radical change; by not looking to your brother, because that will stop you, you will always see aspects in your brother that will only lead you to a spiritual stop. My children should form an invincible, impenetrable wall. My beloveds, spiritual lethargy, spiritual disillusionment and spiritual blindness cause the appearance of feelings that are evil and against love, making the creature blind before everything. In this way, Satan's action achieves double strength, constantly ambushing those who do not expect to encounter any obstacle along the way. Children, you must know the enemy of the soul so that you do not fall prey to his machinations. You must know how Satan works, so that you do not fall prey to his seductions or his ambushes disguised as good intentions. Evil walks the world not in one form, but in a thousand ways. Therefore, you must know in advance who and what you are fighting, so that you can develop the right strategies. Pray, pray, pray; humanity is sick with the desire for possessions, having forgotten to pray and focused on appearances and possessions. The upheaval in the Church will be brought to the most extreme point, not without first leaving strong and deep marks in humanity, which will have to be evangelized with maturity. Dear children, humility is not always a sign of modesty. But knowledge gives words of strength, so that you have the fire that silences the fool and drives to despair the one who thinks he knows everything. I, as Mother of all people and Queen of Heaven and Earth, send you to deepen your knowledge of my Son and His teachings. For this generation, at its decisive moments, a week may seem like several months, and sometimes a week will seem like a day, because of the events you are experiencing. Everything will be different, you will miss the present world, because the one that will exist later will be very different from the one you live in today and its possibilities, however limited. You do not see how nature surprises humanity with its unexpected changes; aviation and aeronautics will have to develop their systems in the face of the unpredictability of unexpected changes in winds, waters, elements; beloved children, everything will change. Pray beloved children, pray for Argentina, it will suffer and cry. Pray children, pray for Puerto Rico, it will suffer from the forces of nature. Pray children, you will see in the sky the fire from the universe approaching. Pray children, pray, Brazil will suffer because of its distance from God. Pray children, pray for Chile, it will suffer, screams will fill the air. The United States will experience confusion. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be just to my Son, give Him the honor and glory that human creatures do not give Him. Do not pollute yourselves with what is not the Will of God; fulfill the Word of God. Do not accept what my Son has not taught you. The children of my Son are faithful and true. The children of my Son are those who do not reject or deny my Son. The children of my Son know that my Son is returning at His Second Coming and will give them His hand and lift them up from the place to which they will be sent. Wait patiently and do not lose faith. My Son is coming, announced by all creation. He will not return in a poor manger, but as King; He is coming in the midst of the vault of Heaven, which will open to make way for Him, He is coming accompanied by myriads of angelic beings and all the hierarchy. The stars will seem to descend toward the earth; by day you will see them shining. The martyrs will sing the glory of God; everything that exists will sing the coming of my Son. Archangels and seraphim will raise songs of harmonious melodies that man has never heard. The air will sing, and the water will rise, forming little droplets of water that will arise in harmony, creating beautiful multicolored rainbows, so pure in their essence that man has never seen such colors before. Vegetation will join in this joy and move in unison, making the sound of trumpets to the rhythm of the Song. The Archangel will have in his hand a chalice with the blood of my Son, the same blood that was collected at the foot of the Cross, and this blood will be poured out like abundant dew on the holy remnant, faithful and true, who did not deny my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, wait patiently, clinging to my Son and to what He explains to you. Do not seek treasures you will not find; you already possess the greatest treasure, the explanation of the Word of God by the grace and mercy of the Holy Trinity. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 09 2017 - Jesus Christ
Our Lord: 'Beloved, I see man, my Son, whom I love with an everlasting love, boasting about the future, desiring progress in every area of life, while at the moment his duty is to grow spiritually and draw closer to me. Mankind is lost among the weeds it has created to perpetuate everything worldly in evil, chattering about a moment that will not come, trampling on each other without thinking, explaining my intentions and denying my Word. My beloved ones, will it be of greater benefit to my children to consider themselves saved, to belong to the social elite, to possess the greatest riches, to have only human respect, to be mentioned in the media, to be praised by the people, to feel like idols, to have power over the nation, to possess the greatest and most sophisticated weapons, to pollute creation, to dictate life-destroying laws by permitting abortion, to accept unions against human nature? ... These, my beloved, among so many things that I store in my Heart and that I could mention to you. Luz de Maria: 'Lord of my life, none of this is beneficial to man, nothing brings him closer to Your love. As You teach me, the wheat must be set on strong soil, so that the weeds do not take refuge among it and lose it. Humanity accepts the barrenness of the human Heart, accepts the absence of Your presence, because the human creature, indulging in what does not come from You, lives by what is immediate, forgetting that it is all transient. Our Lord: 'beloved, the transient moment dissolves between the fingers of man's hands, who does not take into account that in order to be saved, he must offer and obey, fulfill and surrender. There are so many who say they love me, being present in my temples every day! And I, knowing the depths of my soul, see discomfort, lack of interest and lack of fulfillment towards the Word of God. I experience the great apathy with which I am treated and the contempt with which I am ignored.... I see how false human appearances surpass love for me .... I look at the predilection of some of my representatives for certain social and even political elites to remain in the highest positions...I look at those of my priests who lack spiritual support .... How much power evil has over man at the moment! So much so that it manipulates him to the limit, so much so that in search of the best goods to be admired, my children, men and women, are deceived and live without self-respect. I feel sorry for those who live by appearances or convention.... How far removed from me are these 'modern lifestyles and love'! Indecency in women's clothing is a sign of the emptiness they carry within themselves. Woman has lost her values, dignity, decency, modesty, discretion and sensitivity. The little masculinity with which men dress gives clear signals of what is happening to the man at the moment. They look with disdain at the gift of life, they see how man has become a being growing out of darkness, a product of decadence, which you will no longer be able to reverse until humanity is completely purified. Our Lord: 'My beloved, tell me, how many of my people delve into the Scriptures and into the explanations of my exhortations to free themselves from the ignorance they carry within themselves? How stubbornly my Mother wanted to stop evil for this generation! Her exhortations were ignored and continue to be ignored because of human awe, which leads you to more suffering. Since evil has taken root in man, weapons of mass destruction will intensify their deadly action, in conjunction with the false idols that man has created; among them, abortion and the resulting sins are Satan's arrows. In the absence of fear of offending Me, man has placed himself under Satan's leadership. You betray me and forget God's law, accepting this planned amnesia, telling me: 'stay away from us, we don't want to know you!' My people only want to survive by any means, without any feeling, mandate, principle, respect or love. Man has forgotten that he is a child of God...'. Luz de Maria: 'My Lord, the lack of awareness of the moment that humanity is in has been programmed by man's distancing himself from You. Your people are like when Moses was on Mount Sinai and did not want to wait any longer, he created statues of Satan, to whom he submits, and he sends his legions to push man to fall into degeneration and the worst disgraces and heresies'. Our Lord: 'My beloved ones, mankind will not rest until it has suffered what it has produced itself.... Part of the purification is approaching from space, the force and vibration of celestial objects that travel through space will directly affect the earth's orbit, causing the earth's axis to move, and the bowels of the earth and the earth's center of gravity correspond to these vibrations and magnetism, changing the normal rotation. Natural disasters will increase; one earthquake after another will occur, and people will not be able to help each other quickly because conditions will make it impossible. A fury of waters will flood the coasts and communications will be altered to the extreme. Then man will see that his technology is not able to stand on its own, but depends on what the divine hand has created to continue progress. Man is not a creator, but a slave to what he has created ... Nothing goes beyond what our Trinity allows. If you had listened to the word of me and my Mother for even a moment, mankind would have found itself away from so many mistakes and errors. The human will has achieved the upper hand in the absence of knowledge of our Will. Mankind seeks God's solutions, and when those solutions do not suit human desires, it has chosen the devil. Spread our word at all times, awaken souls, as I command you. My people, everyone has the power of decision; each of you, my children, has the power of choice. Those who have chosen to turn away from me in a perverted way are those who destroy everything in their path, starting with the gift of life and leading mankind into cruel suffering. All those who have the power to set norms, laws, and who can interfere with nations, and have used it for evil, if they do not repent in due time, before the appointed hour, they will not receive My Mercy. This is the moment for repentance, for conversion, this one and not another. Pray, children, pray for Australia, lamentation is coming to this land. Pray, children, pray for Indonesia, the colossus is waking up. Pray, children, for Italy, it is suffering from a great volcano that has been dormant. Pray, children, pray for My Church, it is divided and the sheep are scattered. My people, come to me, hear my requests. My blessing abides in you, my Love demands you, my Mercy waits for you.... Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 15 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I call upon you to remain united to my Son, and for this it is necessary that you remain in a state of Grace. You must and will have to restore the relationship that man has lost with God because of the dishonor, rebellion, disobedience, perversion, present arrogance and heresy with which mankind insults my Son. A few of my children will be allowed to duplicate themselves as many times as God allows, and their deeds and actions will be similar to the deeds and actions of the multitudes. Children, in order to restore your relationship with the Creator, you must first direct your efforts to the interior of each person, because without an internal change you will not achieve true and stable change. At the moment, man does not live in inner peace and this makes him a spiritually unstable being, so he constantly acts and reacts unexpectedly towards his fellow man, living in constant fear of losing what he does not have and of losing what he does have. Because of these wrong desires is that you are not able to live in peace, but live in constant anxiety. This is because you act on your own, you think you can overcome the turmoil and cravings of the world on your own, and this is not the case. Invite my Son and me to be present, guiding you in your work and actions, so that everything is in accordance with God's will. Children, you act by imitation, impulsively and without thinking, because you act without reasoning, without working your memory, without thinking, which brings back to your memory previous actions that caused you pain and doom; you should avoid repeating the mistakes you made, but you do not. You are not honest with yourself, otherwise you would avoid pain, frustration, discord, you would be careful to tame wrong impulses, but hypocrisy is greater than truth. It pains me to see that my children lack humility, you constantly point out the mistakes you think you see in your brothers and sisters, without correcting yourselves first. Pride is so great in those who are mine that they do not change and live in constant complaining to their brothers and sisters about what for them is an evil act, but a proud man does not change to set an example. Beloved children, as Mother I know the emptiness in which you live, and it is through this inner emptiness that the devil penetrates. The devil is subtle and will call on you to glorify yourselves - for what? To eliminate the concept of good and evil, convincing you that my Son died and therefore you can act in freedom, because you will always be forgiven. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the glorification of man himself makes God's beloved human creation into a creature saturated with his vain human self that does not reason, thus fulfilling Satan's goal of making man the most irrational being of all creatures. You await the coming of the impostor, and the antichrist is now working in those who are weak, finding them empty in conscience and far from my Son. The impostor works on everyone; the first thing he carries out in man is to cause his pride to grow, encouraging him to consider himself judge and Lord, he leads the inhuman to be more inhuman.... It leads the unrighteous to point out the faults of others, and not to see their own .... At this moment, the devil robs man of feelings and perceptions, of intelligence, in order to subjugate him through a state of servitude, and prevents him from being creative, so that man is dependent on him. Beloved children, the moment is critical for spiritual growth, each of you must fight with all your might not to agree to what is contrary to God's Will. My children talk about sin and quickly discover it, except that the foolish and irresponsible often fall into greater sins. Man has outlived slavery and considers it a thing of the past. At the moment, man is more of a slave to sin than he thinks himself, you are constantly chewing the bondage of vices, and this terrible food gives birth to beings who are completely distant from God, erroneous in their beliefs and completely idolatrous. My beloved, you lack love, and this leads you to seek spirituality in evil. There you will never find it, on the contrary, you will become more and more hardened in heart and love what is a product of creation, but you will not love the Creator. Children, the leaders of evil incite the nations through a few people, and the rest follow the few people sent by those who direct the destiny of mankind, causing more agitation after a very short period of apparent calm. On the great international stage, they will kill the president of a great nation, and this will shake the world, giving people the opportunity to blame each other, and in this way the specter of war ceases to be a specter. Frightened humanity is easily led to the goal of evil. Those who truly love my Son cannot be part of Freemasonry, illuminati, blinkered elites, forms of modernism that offend the mystical body, communism and its practices; they cannot live by music composed for Satan, they cannot allow themselves to be dominated by technology, they cannot allow themselves to be poisoned by an irresponsible diet created to finish off a large part of humanity. Man-made diseases are a great excuse to contaminate the body of a human being and slowly induce death with drugs designed for this purpose. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the mighty of this world are constantly inventing elements to make man fall and be dominated by them. A man contaminated not only in his body, but also in his spirit, is a being completely susceptible to evil and to being used for evil. Failure to pray consciously, lack of practice of fasting for those who are not sick, failure to analyze the Scriptures, lack of true repentance as a sign of humility, failure to receive the Eucharist, lack of respect for one's own and one's neighbor's life, for the human body as a temple of the Holy Spirit, lack of total love for God are the key points where Satan has found great weakness and even ignorance and illiteracy in this humanity weakened in its spirit. This is not the moment to look for culprits, this is the moment when each person must take responsibility for growing in spirit and offering to God what belongs to Him. Pray my children, pray for Italy, it will be attacked by intruders, inflicting great pain on the people of my Son. Pray, my children, pray for France, which will suffer a great attack. Pray, my children, for Spain, which receives fraternally those who need it. She will be attacked without expecting it, her people will suffer, but I will be attentive to the requests of the children of my Son. Pray children, pray for Nigeria, blood is pouring. Pray for the children who are suffering from being scourged by Satan. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, keep your spirits vigilant, for evil is on the attack. Be united, be fraternal, and above all, be faithful to my Son and not to men. This cycle that you have begun indicates to man that he must remain united and united to my Son, so that he will not be swept away by the sea current of the enemy of the soul. You must remain vigilant against nature, earthquakes will cause the waters of the seas to rise and penetrate the lands, winds will lead to catastrophes and the sun will heat up the earth, and fire will burn and engulf large areas in various countries. My children, the purification will be a test for those who are faithful to my Son; the undecided will be forced to make a decision before the night does not allow the sun to warm the earth. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, love my Son; if you are faithful to my Son, you will not remain alone. I stand by you, 'am I not your Mother,' do not be afraid. I protect you and enlighten you on the path of my Son. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 16 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I see you not from Heaven, but from within each person.... Those who do not know Me feel that I am far away, and therefore do not feel Me within themselves. I dwell in each of you, sinner or not .... I dwell in you! And it is in the human creation that all feelings, all thoughts, desires, cravings, dissatisfactions, pride, hope, hatred, love, oppression, discouragement, kindness, love, sincerity, humility, reason or anger, forgiveness or radicalism caused by foolishness converge. How much I have explained and delved into the urgent need for inner transformation in those who call themselves my children! Because I live in you and where you do not see Me with the eyes of the flesh, I must live oppressed by the constant assaults from the human ego that dominates you, and you submit to the 'ego' without any will or authority to bend it. I see the earth from Heaven, and I see so many who are wandering without any awareness of the change, the transformation you must prepare for at this time. Every human being has the freedom to rise to the heights of my Love or to crawl on the ground with the serpent of hell. This is a decision of human freedom. 'Ego' is shaped by everything a person experiences in life .... The Ego receives all the information that each of you is informed by .... You children are the vessel that holds everything you store in your mind to remember, work and act. Ah children, but a person's reaction or action is not the mind's fault! The mind is shaped by memories, values, beliefs, tastes, ideas, fears, humility or pride. Every life experience is brought into the mind, and it is up to each of you to decide whether this information is taken for good or bad, to improve or perish with an 'ego' inflated by vanity produced by pride. Each of my children is free to live in the past or to open up to the newness of my Love, to rise spiritually to obediently follow what we warn you about for the sake of your soul, or to continue wading into the madness of the elements shaped by circumstances that appear in certain situations like an uncontrollable wave that leads you to lose control very easily. Humanity swells with pride that it does not need me.... I grieve in each of you when you treat the temple of the Holy Spirit with such disregard, while I give you space to prepare for this inner metamorphosis and leave behind the rags you wear like chains that do not allow you to truly renew yourselves, the disgusting, verminous rags with which you move from place to place and hypocritically affix yourselves in some circumstances and others in others, whitewashed tombs, hypocrites who act and live according to appearances! You go with the waves of convenience rather than true submission to my Word, which wants to transform you in my way, so that you act in goodness, move in goodness, work in goodness and be my true witness. I feel each person's thirst, each person's appetite, but not a physical thirst and appetite, rather a thirst that degrades, an appetite that satisfies the 'ego' and there I find myself as in a cage that imprisons me and gives me almost no space to bring my Love into your minds or thoughts, much less into your Hearts. Beloved ones, I am constantly held back by the multitudinous 'egos' that make up the 'ego' in its entirety and that block my way with a hellish desire to rule. So many of you who say that they are part of my people, that they are faithful and that they serve me, are in fact thieves! ... Some dressed elegantly because they believe that in this way they will go unnoticed, others dressed in rags in order to pretend to be authentic, one and all whip me! One and the other are drunk with wealth, greed and pride. There is one way to transform from a sinner to someone who converts, one. And that is a constant deterrent for the 'ego'. Until you form your 'ego,' you will not be able to hear the voice of my Love. This humanity has degenerated so much that it looks at the birth of one child and the killing of another child in the same way. You seemingly grieve, but then you decapitate your brother, steal his Heart, throw him to the ground and drag him behind you as a trophy of war. Children, my people, what are you doing? Where is the divine image you possess? Where have you thrown it away? At this moment, when you have so much information from our House, with so much precaution so that you do not fall, and so that if you fall, you will quickly rise again, you have advance warning of the events that await you, and yet you rebel, and because of the rebellion the devil takes over, grows, grows, grows, and you work and act with such indifference that you ignore each other.... Arrogant! You will regret not listening to my Word. The strategy of evil is not known to man, you do not recognize it easily and that is why it penetrates and transforms you so easily. If, at this time, you continue to insist on the foolishness of working and acting according to the 'ego' that you have, and do not lead it to a state of truth in my Love, the spiritual battle will be too easy for the devil and he will drag you towards evil, possessing you to overthrow your brothers at any time. Evil does not rest, and given the spiritual anemia you have, the power of evil easily pulls you until you become part of its retinue. You do not make a firm commitment to right the wrongs; your first reaction to My calls is 'slight repentance', then you forget and continue as before. My Heart aches at the ease with which you cultivate saying "yes!" only to move on a moment later to denying what you have offered me. I will send my Angel of Peace with a rod of iron, and when he speaks, his word will be a fire that burns human thoughtlessness and falsehood, exposing the conceited and stubborn, the conceited who despise the humble. My priests will have to change their path, they who should change their path and re-enter the prayer and spirituality that guides the mystic through my most holy Mother. They must devote themselves to calling on my sheep and preaching my Word with strength and firmness, so that more souls of my people will not go astray. My Church is wounded, and each of my priests is called to be a healer and heal as many of my Church's wounds as possible, before those who do not worship me devour my people like predators and before my people crumble at the sight of the Vatican and Rome burning like firewood. The deceiver of man advances against each of you at the moments when you are most vulnerable, when you transgress my will. Do you want to be servants of evil when you do not change? ... Oh and then you call on me asking for protection! Will you continue in this spiritual harassment in which you live, making Satan's task easier, since he does not have to seek you, but you call on him to use you? How lukewarm they will suffer! They will be seized by the lie of evil and be easy prey for Satan. Satan is not unaware of every man's desires and with them he will call upon you. Man within himself always desires what he does not have, and evil knows this. Be warned, my beloved people. Pray, my children, pray for Jamaica. Pray, my children, pray for Venezuela. Pray, my children, my temples are devastated. Pray, my children, that the fifth Marian dogma will be proclaimed. My people, love my Mother, She leads my people. I bless you with eternal love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 22 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, infinite blessings descend upon each of my children when deeds and works are imbued with love. Everyone must make a radical change in his or her way of acting and reacting in order to be one who generates love and who is an active witness to my Son. Love disappears like water between the fingers, but not because the fingers remain dry, but because the skin retains the moisture that water leaves behind. So you are called to reactivate this gift and this certainty in work and action, which is a multiplier, awakening in your brothers and sisters that divine spark that illuminates the darkness and overcomes what is thought to be lost. You must prepare yourselves personally, so that the Holy Spirit can work with freedom in each of you, and thus, so that you will grow and be more my Son and less the world. All is not lost for those who are willing and entrust themselves to Divine guidance. All you have to do is to remain completely ready for humanity to turn in the opposite direction to the one it has taken at the moment, which is the reign of evil throughout the earth. Mankind will suffer for its rebellion, but everyone still has before him the possibility of God's mercy and the chance of conversion and therefore Salvation of the soul. The requirement for mankind is inner and trustful surrender to the arms of my Son. When each of you is thirsty for the Salvation of souls, at that moment love will not only take refuge in the human creature who asks for it, but will expand to infinity and thus love will transform everything it encounters on its way. You must not be idle; everyone must bear witness with their work and actions. The current reality in my Son's nation is chaotic, the blind want to lead the blind.... Some of my children are waiting for my Word in order to focus on criticism, in order to avoid responsibility, or in order to bring 'news' to my Son's House. I feel pain, as a Mother, knowing that some of my priests do not preach, but discharge their emotional states in their sermons, causing more confusion among my Son's people, who are far from doing the right thing. The hands that consecrate my Son must be free from pride, jealousy, offense, premeditated lying.... Woe to those among my priests who become persecutors of my Son's people! Because the lack of sensitivity testifies to the absence of Divine Love in creation, and this paralyzes the truth, allowing the appearance of human ego. My sons priests, evil not only roams the roads in search of my lay children, but sends demons with greater severity to flood the hearts of those who devote themselves to the service of my Son. Evil rises through lack of good judgment, spiritual poverty, laziness and anger to cause discouragement in you, neglect of your duties, the feeling that you are privileged and have a higher rank, and therefore you are the ones who cause dryness and hardness of heart in the souls you lead. My beloved priests of my Heart, do not forget that in order to serve my Son, you must be an example and have a right heart. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, get to know my Son, seek Him, draw near, be open to the truth.... To the extent that you seek to know my Son in depth, stopping at what is profound in creation, in nature, in the wind, in the water, for in everything is present that divine trace which speaks and gives certainty to the eternity of Him who created it. You remain in a constant internal struggle ... And this is what allows evil to tempt you with greater frequency. One of the obstacles of this moment is the great distraction in which you live. Children, the distraction overwhelms your memory and holds back the efforts you can make to unite with my Son and ascend. Children, I have already called you to go within yourselves and know yourselves without children; this will lead you to be more firm, accurate, prudent and reflective, to recognize what you need to strengthen because of your weaknesses, selfishness, lack of love, and in this way you will be able to grow in life together with your brothers. You live a life attached to the world, but you have these moments to discover the importance of a true relationship with my Son, which is far from the false concepts you have. You have to get out of this selfish way of thinking, this 'being yourself,' this life that is totally selfish, to turn back inward and there look and be prepared to reject everything that can separate you from being that true child of God who does not look at himself, but at God and his brother. Children, some people have knowledge and dazzle their brothers with it, but man does not live by knowledge alone, but by love, forbearance, acceptance of his brother with his obstacles and advantages, not crushing his neighbor, not allowing anger, because it destroys everything, avoiding spiritual jealousy, because it dominates man to the point of making him fall into all the vices opposed to love. The agitated life of my children in a constantly agitated sea, does not allow them to calm down, and that is why some are so weak that they feel unable to resist in the face of everyday situations.... Spiritual deficiency affects the physical body. Children, you have forgotten to obey my calls, you fulfill what you want, giving first place to what is worldly. You forget your own life with your own law and your relationship with God. You do not recognize my Son, nor do you respect the Commandments; this has led you to be part of a perverse generation that desires self-fulfillment and imposes itself to be heard, not allowing itself to be corrected.... Man constantly intends to renounce his mistakes and attachments, but fails to make the transformation, he remains with the intention .... Man empties his intentions into the sea of forgetfulness in order to abide in fantasy, so my sons priests should not preach about the non-existence of evil, because in this way they make souls succumb. Mankind desperately seeks the support of the hierarchy of My Son's Church to persist in their world of sin and thus persist in debauchery. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, so much of the rivalry that exists in man is the result of the lack of Divine Love in his Heart; the lightness of language betrays those who live by appearances, completely contrary to the law of love. The moment calls you not to be creatures who feed on the misfortunes of their brothers. Those who act in this way feed evil. Evil grows, it increases its power through your evil deeds, you should be aware of this if you want to rise to the heights of spiritual life. That's why you should correct yourselves here and now, at such a crucial moment in human history, when the tendency is to rebel against everything, without considering whether it is good or not. Man at this moment acts by imitation, not by reason, not by thought. You do not allow your conscience to bring remorse, which you do not know, because you have imprisoned your conscience so that it does not bother you and lead you to repentance. I watch with sadness as my children find the most convenient way to avoid responsibility and change, bad actions and reactions, bad habits are hidden by blaming others. Man has developed according to this sad pattern, blaming others for his faults, which you do not recognize. This is a great personal weakness, self-deception, personal degradation, which has led to the irresponsibility in which humanity is living at this moment. The path of this moment is shaped by each of you, everyone contributed to the state of this generation with their work and actions. Momentum, fame, vainglory, wealth, pleasures are so important to man that there is no room for the spiritual. My Son has been banished from the Heart of His children, lives oppressed by human stupidity. This promotes man's submission to the antichrist. Those who do not know my Son are easy prey for evil. Fantasy and illusion will make you fall into the deceptive hands of the antichrist. Those who are powerful cause those who do not know the essence of the truth to fall into their nets, and the truth is taken away from humanity to lead it to suffering and constant pain. Uncertainty destroys; whoever remains safe through divine protection has greater stability in his spirit. At the moment, humanity is watching the work and actions of one man, whom it will quickly forget until he, through the human power given to him, shakes some people up. Such is human behavior, and the same is true of the spiritual; out of fear he calls upon the divine, then forgets and continues on his daily path. Of course, man suffers and will suffer, but he who has not suffered does not show love to the one who suffers, but sends him far away, so that he does not know what he does not know. The world powers are not unaware of each other, on the contrary, they finely intertwine with each other so as not to endanger each other. It is humanity that is deluded by lack of knowledge and acceptance due to ignorance. Pray children, pray, Italy will continue to suffer, they will be shaken again in their land and surprised by the mighty volcano that is sleeping, and this will awaken others. Pray, children, my Son's Church will suffer unexpectedly because of news it did not expect. Then he will think of my Words and be convinced that this Mother warned you, but you did not understand. Pray children, Guatemala will be shaken, this suffering people will weep. Pray, children, pray, the new laws are diminishing the defenseless, and hunger is accelerating. He who has, desires to have more, and he who does not have, will be deprived of what he has. The world will look to the United States. Pray my children, pain for humanity will come out of the United States. Pray, children, seismic activity is increasing, the sun is hitting the earth. Children of my Immaculate Heart, a moment is no longer a moment, the proximity of a meteorite is treated with indifference, man lives as if the events I told you about were not going to happen. This is the stubbornness of a man who does not change, nor does he exude love for creation, so that the latter will give him more protection. Venezuela lives in the shadow; in that shadow is an arsenal of weapons that carries danger for America. Communism has not been defeated, but it has spread its power of armaments throughout the world and has more dominion than humanity thinks. Children, let each of you be a true mirror of my Son's work and action, so that you can act, emanating that love which most of humanity has suppressed. Do not despair, my Son and this Mother will not abandon you.... we are Love for human creation; my Son is Infinite Mercy. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 25 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, you know your Lord well, so know that my patience is infinite for those who are mine. I warn you to wake up, not so that you lose hope in My Mercy, but so that you resolve to renounce sin and renew yourselves internally with the Splendid Spirit. I need you to be spiritually alert. My children do not live by appearances, but by what they keep in their hearts, so a human creature who is not united with Me will not be able to share what he does not keep, live by and keep practically in his heart. My beloved people, evil does not cease.... My children cannot stop fighting the evil they receive from outside. My children cannot stop fighting the battle they are fighting inside themselves, which is constantly expanding with the human ego, giving them a sense of superiority. Do not forget that there is and will be a small holy remnant, and it is you I call upon to be part of this small group of my true children. Children, be vigilant with your lamps lit, keeping my Word, do not give in to widespread apostasy, this is only a prelude to my final triumph, not a defeat of Him who is Almighty. Be vigilant, do not be deceived by appearances, for those who do not love Me live by appearances and will come to deny My Word. How often have I mentioned my Angel of Peace, so that you will know the one who will come to give my breath to my people and will completely distinguish himself from evil! Firstly, because he will come after the appearance of the antichrist, secondly, because he is a sign of my Love, and thirdly, because when you look at him, in his gaze you will see my Mother. This Angel of Peace of Mine will remain with you. Pray for those who will stand by the side of my Angel of Peace; I will call upon them to be free from all selfish inclinations, and I will remove every obstacle from my Angel's path before his arrival. Evil anticipates those who are mine and tries to stop them, causing them to think of themselves, managing to take into its clutches a small portion of sand so that my children are smothered in an apparent mountain of sand. Oh children, how easily you give in to the human ego! Recognize that you are not making maximum effort, recognize that you are weak and proud, recognize that you look at yourselves more than your brothers look at you. My beloved people, some look with horror, fear or indifference at what is happening in my Church, but continue without examining or taking under the microscope what is really happening at the moment. Some people usually say that religious persecution has always existed, just like events in nature.... blind, not only with their eyes, but spiritually blind! ... These beings are chained to hell, who chose not to open their hearts to understand that in every generation there was a moment before the purification of those who rebel against me. Blind people who, with great indifference, let pass the hidden and silent work of evil that has always encroached on my Church to stop it! This very moment is the one that precedes the cleansing - this moment and no other, which is why Satan had already focused with great cunning on attacking my people through the hierarchy of my Church, but at this crucial moment, the evil of hell has adopted a new strategy to attack my Church, laboriously working from the seminaries onward to establish a false Church in the service of darkness and in rebellion against the principles of our Divine Law. Beloved of my people, I am present in the holy sacrifice on the altar, where I am treated with great indifference, disregard and contempt .... Sometimes I am even shocked when I am lifted during the consecration and then dropped on the altar without the slightest seriousness. Children, isn't this a big part of the crisis that my Church is experiencing at the moment? Do they not thus show disbelief in My real and true presence in the consecrated host? Isn't this a sign that even the priesthood is treated in some cases as just another profession, as a means to.... And not as a gift? So it is that my people live in the midst of ambiguity and do not grow spiritually, because they do not receive the due nourishment of the Word, which leads them to growth and gives life. Open your eyes, not only the eyes of the flesh, but also of the spirit! And see how gradually the Eucharistic celebration loses its value, accustoming my people to not needing me and not seeing me as the center of my Church, my children will believe that they do not need their God. My people, wake up to those who want to boast and with the ugliness of spiritual lukewarmness accept the bad as good! Those who do not love and respect My Mother, who do not keep the Commandments, enter My House and offend Me. Those who do not do God's Will will be thrown into great confusion, constantly looking at what is happening, will be indifferent and deny the signs, spreading the message among my people that all is well. With distant outcries, the vast majority of human creatures will allow the center of the fraternal, sacramental union and nourishment of my people, which is the Mass, to be taken away from you, changing this generous sacrament by introducing other ideologies. I did not send those who distort my Word.... I have not sent those who treat me with contempt, nor those who blaspheme against my Holy Spirit.... The action of man is the cruelty of the man of folly. The great apostasy is increasing because of the indifference of my priests, the servants of my people. Evil has infiltrated my Church at the hands of my own servants, whom I warn not to err, and through this confusion not to be persecutors of my people, among whom are my servants, the prophets, to whom I entrust my Word, so that it may be transmitted to mine, and so that my Word may not be distorted. My Mother guards my faithful prophet in her Heart. Wolves in sheep's clothing will be persecutors of my tools and will tell my people not to listen, so that ignorance will reign among mine and they will not be warned. You forget that I come as a thief in the night. And what will I find? The devil elevated to the throne and worshiping .... My temples profaned and my children silenced .... The Third Secret of Fatima is found in My Word, it was given with severity so that My people would awaken and live a new dawn, so that they would not continue to live in ignorance and be led to the shame of decadence .... Silence, my people, silence! ... Who dared to keep the word of my Mother in anonymity? Silence is not for my people, so I explain to my people my Word and the Word of my Mother, before the night closes with ignorance around those I love. My Mother will not be silenced, she will continue to implore my people with greater insistence at this time, being the Woman clothed with the sun who leads mine to me. Pray my children, pray for Germany, which will soon be scourged. From this land will come one of the many conspiracies against my faithful people. Pray, my children, pray for the United States, in the apparent calm conflicts are escalating. Nature is scourging this nation. Pray, my children, pray for Indonesia, because of the great volcanic eruption the nations are agitated. Pray for Spain, the people are rising up. She is lamenting because of nature. This generation will live what previous generations did not live; the sin of the current humanity exceeds the sins of previous generations. A grave mistake, denying sin, denying the existence of evil by giving freedom to libertines who infect those who remain undecided or the weak who are bewildered by the worldly. My beloved people, I come for you! Fear my Word, my announcements.... have a holy fear before the Thrice Holy Lord of Heavenly Hosts. Do not forget that the fruit in a bad state contaminates other fruit. Do not forget that he who recognizes that he must change in order to return to the path of conversion deserves to sit at the table and look forward to the eternal feast. I am merciful, my children, and I am just, to the extent that my perfection is infinite, both in mercy and in justice. I come to call you to make reparation for the offenses you commit against our Trinity. Come to me, who waits for you with eternal love. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 29 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, as the sun shines at noon, so I illuminate your path, so that no one may go astray. In the midst of the persistent madness in which man lives, you are unable to perceive Me. I am leading you towards our Home, and you, absorbed in this stepping and walking, do not notice how close I am to each of my children. You pass by, looking at what will not bring you any spiritual benefit, you do not take advantage of the moment that our Home has pointed out to you. Ah! If you were obedient, life would be transformed into a source of blessings, and with new eyes and a renewed heart you would emanate my Love, my patience and my mercy.... I see how many of you speak of Me, express how much you love Me and love My Mother, but then, when your neighbors do not look at you, the indifference and ungodliness with which you turn to your neighbor, especially in your homes, are unrecognizable and incomprehensible .... I grieve that my children are hypocritical and treacherous! It saddens me so much that you turn to your brother with arrogance and great selfishness! My nation is again fomenting the superiority of man over woman, and in large numbers women are being tortured, mistreated and killed at the hands of those who are their parents, husbands, brothers and so on. This generation makes me sad.... I am ashamed of the behavior of many men who claim to follow me, and I am ashamed of the behavior of some women who claim to follow me.... You count on help from my House, but you still reject it with great contempt. You do not know that I have asked my Mother to be the protector of my people, and that she is ready to help you. My Mother will guide you towards what is not finished, towards the glory of faithfulness to Me. I must tell you the following: my Mother and most of her daughters have been able to spread and extend the love of our House throughout the land, fertilizing the earth so that the fruit will quickly shine forth. A woman will justify a woman led by my Mother. My beloved people, how I warned you to be reconciled to Our House! And you do not trust, but on the contrary, you plunge into total promiscuity. Drugs are the scourge of families and society, man is lost in his free will.... my beloved people, you do not know what I desire for each of mine, you surrender to the contamination of your soul by what is worldly, but I love you as the Father loves His children with all His Heart. I love you so much that I gave My Blood for everyone, without distinction. The world and its machinations despise those who follow Me, especially if they try to fulfill the duties of every one of My good children. At this moment, more than at any other, Freemasonry is at the height of its power, no longer infiltrating, but dominating what is Mine, deciding how to govern My people at this moment and preparing a great upheaval of My people to bring them like sheep to the slaughter. They do not fear me, they dispose of my people, forgetting that I will come in my Second Coming to question them about their deeds and I will judge them with my Justice, harshly .... Freemasonry distorts My Word, tears down the Commandments, oppresses My Church and takes the power to lead My children through ignorance to contempt for Our Divine Word. Freemasonry is preparing to present to mankind the great deceiver, the antichrist, and you, not knowing about the antichrist, will rise up to him as if he were me. He will make my children suffer with the most terrible persecutions. He hates those who love me, who obey me and who fulfill the Divine Will. My beloved people, the Warning is approaching, and Hearts are not moved because of the failure to spread this act of My Mercy to My people. I am wounded by those who from their pulpits deny My Announcements. I am wounded by those who keep repeating that I am not a God of catastrophes and therefore my children should not know about all that I warn them about. Why don't they proclaim that I am Love and that out of love for my people I tell them in advance what will happen so that they will repent in time? My interests should be your interests. Instead, before the souls are lost, you must shout loudly how lost humanity is! In this way, some of my people will wake up. I will be harsh to those who do not warn mine of the coming events.... Or do you not believe my Mother? I don't need 'spectacle' or shows, 'I am who I am'. My beloved ones, do not spend your days like ignorant people who live wrapped up in human pleasures; this will end for everyone in general. In view of the weakening of the earth, famine will engulf all classes of society.... The difference is that my people will be fed by my angels. My beloved people, those who have prepared to flee the earth at any moment will not succeed, they have forgotten that I am the Lord of all that exists. My word is truth... I am merciful and I forgive those who repent from the Heart and change their ways. Children, those who belong to the platform of the antichrist have been silently working on so-called 'fast food', adding to those products that do not provide what the human body needs, what is needed to raise the level of anger, undermining man's self-control, weakening him so that when faced with the smallest situation he reacts with great anger and loses his composure, his thought is clouded and he behaves worse than an animal. Children, you are constantly receiving different impulses from everything around you, which makes you unable to decide what is good and what is bad. Do you measure your actions and work? Do you reflect on whether you are acting impulsively? Do you allow the authenticity of those who recognize me as God to emerge, being responsible for their actions and works? Humanity is unstable at the moment, you use the word 'forgiveness' with great ease to justify your evil deeds, and I see you knowing that until you engage with a firm intention to change, the word 'forgiveness' is only a means to hide a chain of unacknowledged mistakes. You lack the inner recognition, the true look inside yourself, so that you can take responsibility for your actions. Everyone must ask themselves: what am I like? How do I treat my fellow man? What do I believe in? My children, those who are manipulators of humanity create all possible scenarios so that you do not see clearly what I am telling you. You should react with your own desire to get closer to me, knowing that I alone lead you to Salvation. Just as man is confused and follows wrong paths, not knowing himself, so nature has come to see how mankind mercilessly treats and destroys it. Human egoism has invaded creation and destroyed it. At this moment, man - aggressive, cruel, hurting, infamous, loveless and dehumanized - is not recognized by creation. In the face of this non-recognition by creation, mankind will magnify its suffering. The forces of nature unite to make man seek me, recognize me and return to me. Therefore, from the cosmos comes that which will instill fear in man and cause him to call upon My Name without ceasing. Pray, my children, pray for Chile, the earth is moving. Pray, my children, pray for India, the earth is shaking. Pray, my children, pray for my priests, worldliness is a great temptation. My beloved people, do not persist in error, study yourselves. When everyone recognizes what they are, the change and return to Me will begin. My Heart and the Heart of my Mother are waiting for you. Receive My Blessing and be alert to what does not come from Me. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 01 2017 - Mother of God
Dear children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, you live in my Heart and I need you to beat to the rhythm of my Heart. Mankind has forgotten love and at the moment the great obstacle for man is that he does not know love, love for himself and love for his neighbor. He does not know love and calls himself a Christian, without knowing my Son deeply, he acts and acts against the Will of God, he acts and acts according to his whims, producing words and deeds contrary to the teachings of my Son. Perhaps it is the case that at this time Christians are different from my Son? ... Or is it that my Son has given a different law, different Commandments, different standards for this generation? How deceived you are, my children! You are all my children, I love you all equally. How you deceive yourselves, giving yourselves excuses to encourage inconsistent behavior towards the teachings of my Son! The law of love is not outdated, it is the same yesterday, today and forever. How many call themselves Christians and say they love me, and have formed small sects in which they interpret the Scriptures differently for their own convenience! They meet, seemingly to feed themselves and be different, and they do not fulfill the duties of a true Christian, they do not evangelize, but limit themselves to apparent acts of piety, while in fact they do not commune with the rest of the Church of my Son. You must gather to learn humility, for whoever is not humble is proud, and the proud must yield until they learn humility and obedience to fulfill what my Son demands of whoever wants to follow Him as a true disciple. The stars illuminate the firmament, and you have received the Holy Spirit to be the light of the world, but a creation that does not fully live love for its neighbor, does not fulfill the Divine mandate, cannot be the light of the world or the transmitter of the word of my Son. I see how small cells have been created that are too far from fulfilling the teachings of my Son, so I call on them at this time to rectify this. Man does not see within himself, it is more bearable for him to look at others and criticize, but you know that at this time you must remain in constant spiritual vigilance. I, as the Mother of Humanity, call you to true devotion as children of my Son and those who fulfill Divine commands. This moment is a moment of supreme spiritual vigilance against Satan and all demons who attack souls in search of the slightest evil work or action to plunge them into the greatest depths of sin. Children of my Immaculate Heart, you cannot call yourselves saints, you cannot say that you have achieved holiness, that you have attained Salvation. Such arrogance is not worthy of a true Christian. My children strive until the last moment of their existence for holiness, for Salvation, because Salvation is not a word, Salvation is a collection of works, deeds, constant efforts, compliments, subjugation of the human ego, obedience, love, hope, love of neighbor, humility, faith.... Faith grows as my children study in depth the life of my Son and every reason He found to show His love for His people and for His children. Each of you is different, but no individual law or way of doing things has been given to you, but one is the law of all the people, my Son's people, one is the word for my Son's people and one is the Mother that my Son gave to His people. You are still lacking in consciousness, because if consciousness were maximal, you would strive at every moment of your life to put into practice all those Lessons of God that my Son has been sharing with you for so long and about which he has called me to instruct his people as his faithful disciple. And the fact is that this Lesson of God has not been completed, because you do not want to look within yourself and expect from others what you yourself want; you do not respect your brothers, you judge a priori, not being God, and you allow yourself to sin, like a haughty and merciless man. How much falsehood does every man carry within himself! How much hypocrisy dwells in this humanity devoid of values! I see that the earth is bleeding, bleeding deeply. Yes, the earth bleeds, it bleeds with all the blood that man has unjustly poured on it, with the blood of the innocent, it bleeds because of the torture of the innocent, it bleeds because of the inexorable man whose only goal is to impose himself through terror. How much error there is in this, and how much bitterness you bear toward my Son! For He now lives in each of you, in whom He renews His Sorrowful Passion. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, it seems to you that you are safe, it seems to you that you feel secure because you are treading the earth, but how many of you are putting your feet on shifting sands.... Even though you are hiding it? At this point you should make the greatest possible effort, you should grab all the strength contained in your body, in your soul, in your spirit, precisely so that your soul is saved. Every person is different, but you must come into conformity with the love that my Son has left you, because a person who does not love his neighbor cannot love my Son, with whom he is one. So many fights are appearing all over the earth, so great is the confusion that prevails at the moment, and how many blame the devil for this! ... Do not deceive yourselves, you lack growth in love, in faithfulness to my Son, you lack faith in the face of life's difficulties, you ask so weakly and with doubt that your requests are dispelled along the way. Prayer is the most important thing, because when the people of my Son pray with faith, strongly and with conviction, my Son shows his Infinite Mercy. This does not mean that this generation will not be purified, but my Son will indeed respond with His Infinite Mercy to the fervent pleading acts of His people. Pray beloved children, pray for the United States, which the whole world is watching at this moment. Pray, for from this land will come tribulation and pain for mankind. Pray, beloved children, pray for supposed alliances, pray for signed pacts, signed agreements, because the moment will come when everything that seemed united will break down and the worst schism that humanity has ever experienced will appear, and the consequences for humanity will be tragic. Pray, beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray for your brothers and sisters, that they will obey the calls of this Mother and no longer pretend to be lovers and fulfillers of God's Law. The executing angels are close to humanity. Be strong, firm, resolute. You, children, who in every moment of your life struggle to be faithful and fulfill the mandate of my Son, strive, find strength in the food of the Eucharist, strengthen your prayer and be those who completely and absolutely fulfill the love of my Son for all his fellow men and women. Study yourselves, children, study yourselves, you must change yourselves completely, because no human creature can say of himself that he lives in total holiness, because the qualities of this 'human ego' remain hidden in each of you, you have not reached perfection. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you already know that the earth will continue to shake, you already know that nature will strike the whole world. Be prepared by looking up, because man always goes, looking into the earth and therefore does not detach himself from the mundane. You should look up and commit to going upward in order to achieve true spiritual elevation. This is very necessary for each of my children at this time, because whoever does not detach from the worldly cannot pretend to be more spiritual, and in order to save your souls, you should be spiritual and more mystical beings. In every job, in every situation that presents itself to you, you should give a spiritual response, not a purely human one. Rise up, children, go beyond the worldly, so that you will be worthy of the fortitude necessary to face persecution, humiliation, martyrdom; for it is not only when a person is martyred by man-made objects that he can be called a martyr. How many of you are martyred every day by your own brothers, by perversity and lack of love for your neighbor, in your own homes! How many of you are martyred by the most powerful weapon at man's disposal, to torment and kill, to strangle, to flog, the tongue! Only those who are able to see through their own mirror are those who truly manage to detach from themselves and open themselves to the true knowledge contained in the Divine Word. Come to me, come that I may guide you, I am no more than my Son, I am the Mother of my Son, I am the Mother of each of you, even if you do not consider me a Mother. Come to me, for I guide you and intercede for you. Come to me, children, resume your path and be determined to make a true conversion. Love one another as true brothers and sisters, do not maintain hypocritical relationships, be as transparent as crystal water, and I ask that milk and honey flow from each of you for those in need. Keep your lamp lit and do not let it become polluted. I bless you, my children, I love you, draw near to me, for I will not refuse to extend my hand to anyone who asks me to lead him to my Son. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 04 2017 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of my people, I love you with an everlasting love.... My people that I love are the ones I will defend at all times. My beloved people are the people who are the most humble, the most aware, the most hopeful, and the ones who transform every moment into loving devotion for the Salvation of souls. Be merciful, as I have taught you. Be the life of my Word, do not read my Word in order to recite certain verses for your convenience. Nourish yourselves with My Word so that you love it, and by loving it, the truth brings you closer and unites you with Me. My children, be objective and wise, I will enlighten you if you are faithful and true. Therefore, the man who does not repent of his mistakes and his sins does not find My light and continues to walk in darkness. All of humanity needs enlightenment in its reason, and at the moment reason is unable to filter out the evil will that comes to it, generated by man himself and what surrounds him. Therefore, it is difficult for the soul to direct a body that has a weak will. My beloved ones, you are so easily inclined to evil deeds and actions that you confuse free will with libertinism, and when you fall into libertinism, you cling to it so much that it becomes an obsession, and the obsession leads you to despise everything that you are and have, and because of your contempt for all this, the devil invades man, making him his slave, until the slave cannot live without a master. And so it is that the devil rejoices when man lives according to the flesh and not according to the spirit. My children cannot live according to my Spirit if they do not know me, if they reject me because they desire debauchery, if they live in all sorts of sins, if they have given free rein to the human ego, which exalts creatures without noticing them, until that same 'ego' leads them to their own destruction through pride, seeing their brothers and sisters as mindless beings. Beloved, a great evil has imprisoned man through pride, and that evil is the irony that man carries in his character; and at this moment man's character has hardened his thought, his mind, his 'ego', his brain, and petrified his Heart so that mankind is oblivious to pain and compassion. The human ego supplants the man of my Son to create the man of the world, the aggressor, the murderer, the insensitive, the follower of the servants of evil.... my beloved people, the struggle between good and evil will not cease until you are united in me. You live in constant misery because of disobedience, a misery that has penetrated to the core of science, to the Heart of unity in mankind, that has weakened order, masked morality and made man live with false human compliments, which are nothing but the acceptance of falsehood and the deprivation of the goods of our House. You are quick to forget, children, it is not pleasant for you to withhold what I require of you so that you can act according to your whims. You do not think about the salvation of your soul and suppress it so that it does not evoke even one feeling in you in the absence of good deeds. You do not worry about your soul ... And this is because you have not been taught about the superiority of the soul in man. You prioritize momentary sensations and rebel against love; you remember what is insipid for the soul, so that it does not receive the slightest word from me. Humanity focuses on the intelligence of creatures, constantly insists on intellectual progress, overlooking the principle of respect, loyalty and gratitude to me. I see so many of you with such a ragged memory, clogged with attachments, resentments, stupidity, frigidity, ignorance, lack of respect, lack of mercy, lack of awareness and ignorance, living in constant agony.... Remember my Words to put them into action. Fools are those who, knowing, do not see, knowing, do not listen, knowing, do not walk, knowing, are capricious, who, knowing Me and knowing My Righteousness, forget it, saying to themselves: 'Divine Righteousness will not reach me'.... How wrong they are! My beloved people, I come with My stern word to admonish those who know they are called, but do not obey, or think they are irreplaceable. Think, look around you, how many signs, how many warnings, how many conflicts in man, how much foolishness in you who do not change! Do not forget that the humble are the ones I love the most. Be the first to reach your brothers and sisters with my Love, be the first to ask forgiveness of your brothers and sisters when you need to do so, be the first to bear witness through good work and action. You should cleanse your memory of everything that causes you to take steps backward and that distances you from me. Use your intelligence so that your memory is enlightened and not clouded by the past, but remain in the constant present, attentive to renewing your reflection. Children, think! Do not act without thinking, for there are too many creatures who act without thinking. I call on you to reflect on how you work and act. I don't call on you to look at your brother or sister to justify your own actions and works, but I call on everyone in a concrete and personal way, because working and acting in my eyes is a completely individual responsibility. External influences are what you must master, not the other way around. I instruct you to be true witnesses of my will. Do not live hiding behind your brother or sister to justify your evil deeds. When you do well, do not say to Me: 'Lord, I have done well because of my brother,' but with great ease you attribute to yourselves what is good in your deeds and actions. This is how you should act when you are incapable of controlling yourselves, of resisting evil inclinations. You must elevate yourselves, be strong to know and love Me. What is worldly sometimes masters those who consider themselves scholars, masters them through deeds unnoticeable to man, masters them through pride, and when pride enters a person, that person inflates himself with false knowledge and a demand for respect that exalts the 'ego' above everything and everyone. Be strong, resist the insinuations of evil that gallops from one end of the earth to the other, bringing down those who are distracted and have not matured. My beloved ones, you need to live in inner peace so that your good intentions can succeed, so that you can rectify your faults. You need inner peace to be united with Me. You need inner peace so that you will recognize Me and remain faithful in the face of the trials you have imposed on yourselves because of your great disobedience and rebellion against Me. The unfaithfulness of my people is the cause of so much suffering for humanity. How many deny Me for fear of retaliation! How many betray their brothers and sisters, their parents, those of their own home, lest they be pursued by the children of darkness! Pray, my children, pray for Rome, for it will be struck by fire, Italy will be greatly shaken. Pray, my children, pray for the Church, which is tottering Pray, my children, pray for Japan, which will again be a scourge to mankind. Pray, my children, pray, the volcanoes are activating with great force. Look up, look up! I bless you every moment, I bless you to resume your journey. My Mother does not neglect any of her children. My Mother seeks you to draw you to Me. Children, I will not deny my Mercy to one who asks forgiveness for his sins, who truly wants to improve. This is the moment when you must accept my Love and my Mercy to strengthen yourselves spiritually. I love you, I cherish you, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 08 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Blessing is not conditional, My children receive it at any time. My Love is for everyone, it is up to each one to accept it or not. The sinner who manages to repent, who manages to open up and feel my Blessing, and therefore my Love, achieves the greatest thing a person should desire - Salvation of the soul. At this moment you are working in my vineyard, and not only will you experience the fruits in my House, but already on earth you are receiving blessings, being those who repeat my work and action, receiving the help of my House. My Mother is constant in her kindness, she shields you, gives you strength and renders you from temptation. My beloved people, at this moment evil has already directed its force against each of you, my people. The development of this force is constantly active, it does not stop, it connects all elements of society, science, health, weapons, morality and food. Everything is interconnected and is constantly developing to bring evil upon you and to make you retreat in every way, especially my children, against those who attack you, not only in your daily life, but in your personality and in your spirituality. The gaze of evil is directed at man as a species in order to make you disappear. The goal of evil is not to stop, but to remain in constant action, to multiply in order to harm humanity in everything. Therefore, my children, before any innovation you should ask yourself, what is the purpose that motivated the network of evil to create this for us? My people actually stop before every request or announcement I make and do not move forward, do not respond. This moment that you waste, evil does not waste, but uses it to distract you from what I inform you of, what I warn you about and what I explain to you, so that you feel every word of Our House as difficult to keep in your hearts. Know, children, that you have mastered mental laziness, nothing is difficult if you maintain the desire for inner cultivation. That's why evil works faster, and good seems to be in a state of lethargy. You sleep, you rest, you let yourselves get carried away with laziness and you are not in action, in movement, you do not take any initiatives.... Wake up! I called on you to wake up, to come out of lethargy, but evil continues to accelerate, without stopping, but you, yes, you stop before everything. Children, evil is active, it works from person to person, it takes each of you and confronts you in a personal struggle; it knows what the weakness of every human creature is and attacks it constantly to bring it down. This should not be an obstacle on the spiritual path, you should recognize evil and not give it the opportunity to take you to the battlefield. My children are less than babies, you react with such childishness to the smallest thing that I am ashamed of the reactions of some of you who do not mature and allow evil to drag them where it wants. You persist in such stubbornness and self-centeredness that, knowing that you should rise because you are already in the period of preparation for the Warning, you deny your personal guilt and attribute it to others. Children, before me you will not be able to hide your personal responsibility for every work and deed. This is a human tragedy, a tragedy because you do not practice what you hear, nor do you believe that what you hear or read is for you. My patience is infinite, time for you is not! How often have I told you that each person is responsible for his actions! That is why I called you to spiritual growth and maturity in your personality, actions and work. Children, you do not understand that when you harden your hearts, you lose the ability to be kind, to be merciful, to be a blessing, and what is greatest, to love and be love. That is when you no longer find healing. You call yourselves Christians and read our word, but you remain indifferent.... you say to yourselves: 'What I read is not for me' ... you think like this and do not take any action against yourselves, do not admonish yourselves, therefore I will do it myself .... I will rebuke directly the one who knows me and does not change .... I mentioned that hardness of heart reaches a point where it is incurable. 'and why is that? How can Christ say that?" because you know me, and from the one who knows me more, I demand more, not from the one who has a hardened heart and doesn't know me; the one who doesn't know me, but hears my reproaches and asks for healing, has a better chance before me than the one who hears me all the time and rejects me. I see people who have made the sad decision to resist this explanation of our House and have decided not to be moved, however strongly I speak to them. These beings are like stumbling blocks; I allow them to persist in their free will until they see clearly for themselves what they previously saw as darkness. Obstacles exist, my children, may none of you become an obstacle, for I will act within the framework of my Justice. He who refuses to listen to me and recognize me is resisting my Word and my Love. Do not be surprised at My severity, in it is hidden My great and eternal love for each of My people. This moment is extremely fragile, children, repent! Not your brothers and sisters, but you ... Yes, you who read my Word, convert! This is urgent. You must take responsibility for your every act; it is easy to blame your brothers and sisters for your personal falls. If one of you falls, it is not because of someone else, but because the one who falls is weak and falls through his own weakness. You do not see how difficulties are growing all over the earth. For one reason or another, turmoil is growing, and it won't stop - anger has seeped into a person's psyche and he reacts prematurely. This is not the moment to react inappropriately, at this time my children must mature to be able to resist evil. Pray, prayer is powerful, do not neglect the Holy Rosary, receive me properly, do not forget that God's Law is in the eternal present, the Commandments are not subject to reform. My people must know Me so that they can live in Me. Pray, my children, pray for my Church, confusion grows with division. My Church will continue to falter, my people must remain united in my Love. Pray, my children, pray, the great nation of the north will be subdued by terror, the hand of iron will be stopped after the suffering of my children. Pray, my children, pray, man is discouraged by the unforeseen fall of the god of money. Pray, my children, pray in the face of danger; action begins the suffering of humanity. Pray for Chile and Italy, they will be shaken. Where the earth has not trembled, there it will shake. My beloved people, I reveal Myself in the human creature, when the creature delights in Me, when it quiets down so that it does not walk on its own strength, it quiets down without trivialities running through its mind. Be wise, children, fulfill what I ask of you, obey and fulfill our divine law, the Commandments. Do not forget that reason leads to intelligence, so that you can fulfill our mandates, and in this way, along with fulfilling them, you will gain the wisdom necessary to fulfill them, because it is when you are detached from wisdom that you fall into error, and therefore into what is evil. My people must be faithful and truthful. My people are waiting in holy patience, but being active. I will send my Angel of Peace, I will not leave you alone in the midst of a pack of wolves in sheep's clothing, followers of the antichrist. With My Angel of Peace I will strengthen what Our Will has indicated about the family, he will remain in the family. My Heart is constantly wounded because of the millions of abortions that are permitted. These permissions are not only a degeneration of man as a human being, but prevent man from developing in his spirit. My children must not only pray before the altar in the temple; every person is a temple of the Holy Spirit and as such must remain in peace. Whoever does not act in this way is seriously deficient in My eyes. Children, in My House I welcome you all. The condition is that you fulfill our Divine Will. You are not abandoned children, you are children who have been warned. Just as I love you, you should desire and need the clarification of this Divine Word. Do not be shocked, be obedient. Do not err, walk in righteousness, working and acting as my true children. I call upon you, turn to me. I love you, love as I do. I show you the way step by step, choose to follow me. I bless you, come to me. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 14 2017 - Jesus Christ
Beloved daughter, our Lord says to me ... I see him in a white tunic and golden linen robe, crossed from the shoulders down, tied at the side around his waist with a white cord. His loose, wavy hair is moved by the wind. His eyes stare fixedly at me, the pure honey color of his eyes captivates me with their shape outlined so perfectly that I am immediately reminded of his Mother's eyes, arranged almost in the figure of an almond. Christ's eyes are larger than those of our Mother, his nose is unmistakable, long, but with strongly marked masculine features, his cheeks and skin as if tanned by the brilliant sun, until they reach the glow necessary for him to be recognized as the God-Man.... Christ opens his mouth, and his beard covers his chin down to his lower lip, and says to me: daughter, look at the ground. And a globe appears in the distance, I distinguish some continents. My eyes are actually fixed on the earth, and Christ says to me: don't look at the globe, look at what human creatures are doing. Look at the upheavals of humanity, look at the countries as they are agitated. At this moment, the earth comes closer to me and I see demonstrations, persecution, protests taking place in many countries and we hear some people discussing a large amount of money that will be the payment for a very delicate work against the president. Christ says to me, let's continue, daughter, be aware of the upheaval on the social, political, religious and all the other levels where you are, because behind every protest there is a reason, and that reason is not given by those who are protesting, but by people in high positions who pay money so that some people are tasked with raising their voices and promoting uprisings among the nations. Going around the earth, in the Lebanese area, one can hear the various victims of oppression, the product of tendencies and belief in the dominion of man over woman. Christ looks at me with His disfigured face, and it is impossible not to feel this pain of His that reaches the center of the Heart, and this pain is shared, it is not stored in the Redeemer, but is given excessively in the face of unjust suffering. And I witness something peculiar, a creature that retains that divine imprint with which it was created, reacts and there is a silence, perhaps only momentary, but it seems long. Silence - everything falls silent, and the creation seems to direct its gaze, as it were, to our Lord, and an unusual movement takes place, the wind is more intense, the waves of the sea accelerate, the earth itself moves, and I look closely and feel the earth vibrate. Brothers and sisters, this is the reaction of creation to the pain of our Lord and Savior. Christ says to me: beloved, you have seen and heard how creation reacts to the pain caused by my children. Think about it, when so much evil comes out of man, which shrouds the earth, how the whole creation reacts. It is not My Justice towards man, but man's evil actions and work like a magnet that attracts the reaction to man himself. The earth is aging, and this aging has been accelerated by man's evil; cruelty leads the earth to suffer more than necessary. The plans devised by those who have taken over the earth, and who believe they are determining human destiny, are firing their silent but deadly weapons against all mankind; they are using man against man himself; they are inciting minds so that mad thoughts begin to torment my children, and they believe they are defending themselves when they reach the place to which this perverse elite has planned to lead them. Ah! How these henchmen of the antichrist will grieve, for they will suffer and grieve because of the betrayal of the same antichrist, who will not want anyone left alive who could be a rival to him! Those who at this moment begin the persecution of my people will later suffer from the same antichrist. Christ says to me: beloved, look, my children do not appear to be human beings endowed with will and understanding; they do not learn anything from the evil they have experienced, nor are they able to prevent future evil, being unfaithful and disobedient. Beloved ones, I have already instructed you about the need to grow in love and not to behave like animals. Tell your brothers and sisters that you must perfect yourselves in the spiritual realm, but in order to initiate this process of radical change, you must approach me and turn away from the worldly. Humanity will be brought to a state of maximum degeneration, the unthinkable will become a reality and ... I will become more and more ashamed of man. My daughter, a man living in a community takes as a model the non-divinity in which some of his brethren live, and in order not to be rejected, he adopts non-divinity and cruelly applies it to distinguish himself, so that fear is unknown to him. Man's madness acts and works in a manner contrary to our Will. At the moment, man has joined evil, and this provides him with the elements that man needs to continue the fight against me, harmful elements to threaten the salvation of the soul. Having what is not necessary makes man a being destined to live without the intervention of his brothers, increasing his 'ego'; the 'ego' overcomes man and deforms him without him realizing it. Beloved, how many people there are to whom I give more than they need to remember me, and when they see that they are on top, they forget about me, and the 'ego' of their being motivates them to reach for more and more, and even leads them to stop believing in me! Christ moves from looking at humanity from the outside, and I see Him inside the human being; He says to me: I am trapped, I cannot breathe, I am unknown, rejected. This creation has banished me, and its needs are contrary to my Love. I hear Christ, but I don't see Him, I only hear His breaking voice and beg Him to come out. He answers me: this is my House and this King is not wanted. This creature of mine has denied the knowledge of my will, has learned a few prayers by heart and thanks to them believes that it is saved, without works of mercy and love of neighbor, refusing to help the sick.... You dedicate your lives to the god of money and refuse to help the hungry. You say that evil does not exist, and you live immersed in evil; you harm yourselves by intoxicating yourselves with lust, you accumulate disobedience, pride and refuse to love me. Beloved, am I worthy of this? And I answer Him: no, my Lord, you are not worthy of it! Christ answers me: this generation will deserve what it attracts to itself, it limits me to a few prayers that are not born from the heart, but from repetition, without knowing what they say, without commitment.... They come to receive me with the pretension that in this way they gain Heaven, without regretting their wrong actions .... They do not believe in my Law, they apply it according to their own whim and convenience, they read the Scriptures and interpret them according to their own convenience. What a sorrow! - God's Law reduced by man to mere interpretation; my Word is disregarded and reduced to repetition, which prevents man from entering into me and knowing me from within the human being, where I can be found .... my Church allows me to be reduced to modernism; they are used to saying that Revelation ended in Scripture, but at the moment they are changing the law contained in Scripture. Christ speaks forcefully, but always keeping the Divine love within. He then says to me: beloved, the predictions of what is to come are strong like a storm, but my children then become hardened and live in this storm as if times were normal. Until another, stronger storm comes, like the one that is approaching my Church, and then, when they don't have me around, like at the moment, because I will be hidden, then my children will groan and cry out to Heaven, trying to find me, and I will tell them: don't scream, I have always been in you! Pray, my children, pray for Germany, because they will suffer at the hands of terror. Pray, my children, pray for Costa Rica, for it will be shaken. Pray, my children, pray for Italy, which is suffering at the hands of bad men. This land is shaking. Pray for my children, pray for Spain, the pain will take the innocent with it. See, children, that the pride of man will bring pain to humanity. Tell your brothers and sisters to learn my Love, and above all to fulfill the Law of God.... Tell them to receive Me with dignity ... Tell them that my true instruments are those who do not call themselves indispensable, because they recognize my superiority over every human creature .... Tell them that wolves in sheep's clothing call themselves the owners of what is mine; they nail those who listen to them to the personal Cross of their instrument, so that they will not leave them alone. No instrument is the master of history, not one possesses all revelation, nor can anyone call himself an expert in all truth, for only my Father knows the date and time of events. Therefore, I could not reveal without the express command of my Father what is my Father's will. My tools are important, each one of them is like the finger of My hand. Do not forget that I am what I am and that man is man. Tell them to open their minds, and in this way they will awaken to the great realities that will lead them to be My true children, loving My divine way and attaining through love a wisdom closer to My House and further from the world.... Beloved ones, come, rest, without ceasing to intercede for humanity. Humility is the center of the virtues of my children, whom I love. Accept my Peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 19 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Blessing is for each of my children, protection, peace, wisdom, security and my love. My people are constantly waiting, and I call upon you to practice My Word in every way. You must hold fast to the certainty that in obedience to My Word you find wisdom, which you do not have at this time if you are apart from Me. I offer you My protection, not release from the trials in which everyone grows and is strengthened to save the soul. You are my people and my people live, work and act within the framework of our Divine Law, which is still in effect in every generation. Recently, I have been declaring to you the crisis of my Church, the modernization of the liturgy, the lack of union with me in consecration. Some of my priests believe in the transubstantiation of my Body and Blood, others do not, despite so much physical evidence, such as in the Eucharistic miracles. For some, the priesthood is holiness, while for others it is just another profession. I have warned my people against Freemasonry, which dominates a large number of followers of my Church. I have already mentioned this to prepare you for the great changes that will take place and that will bring confusion to my people. This confusion is due to the fact that you do not know me, and not knowing me, you have no way of knowing what is my Will and what is being carried out by people to bring my children to a breakdown; this is very delicate. My beloved people, no fact announced in the hierarchy of my Church is an accident, it is the fulfillment of what my Mother told you from the beginning of her first revelations, where she spoke of facts that you know, and knowing how much my Mother has revealed to this generation, they do not believe and ignore every word of my Mother. And they do this in order to justify the unjustifiable, working and acting outside of My Will. So many antichrists have passed through history! And at this moment, when you are warned about the last and great antichrist, who possesses all terror and evil coming from Hell itself, you do not heed my warnings. Once again, my nation will face horror, only it will be the last opportunity for evil on my children. You will experience what no previous generation has experienced, from the great advances of man to the cleansing of the same, the great act of My Mercy toward man in the Warning and the miracle of My House, such as you have not had before. Both miracles will cause the power of My House to overflow, so that the holy remnant will be purified more and more until My Second Coming. My beloved children, My beloved people, just as you as mankind are facing so many critical events, my Love is placed before every human being, so that whoever wishes can take and drink the milk and honey that flows from My Love, and not just experience misery. I want you to understand that good emanates from good and attracts good, evil emanates from evil and attracts evil. Each of you feeds on what you receive from your own will and through human beings. I am sending my instrument to declare my Will and convey to you the right and least painful path for you to follow. The time of My Mercy has been greatly extended through the mediation of My Mother, who intercedes for you, humanity. My Mother, the great protector of my children, was the one who allowed the moment of purification to be delayed. Children, that time has passed and the moment has come when, if our Trinity had not allowed the purification, my faithful children would have been lost. My people, the disease is advancing to the point where it is becoming a plague. Be vigilant, the annihilation of mankind is not sent by Me, but born by the hand of man. My beloved people, Europe will have enough suffering, Europe's strength will weaken, its grandeur will disappear. One move of the invaders after another will be disastrous for my children of this great continent. A great nation of great spectacles will suffer. The United States, weakened in its economy, will be scourged and wounded by its enemies who approach it. The madness prevailing in this great nation, the indulgence and compromises of its rulers with evil will lead this nation to suffer. My beloved nation, communism will rise with great force as a great power that will dominate humanity and impose itself on the world. The lack of obedience to my Mother's request of 1917 is a causal factor in this domination, I mention this in this, 2017 on the 100th anniversary of this word of my Mother. Man is rapidly advancing in creating weapons capable of defeating the innovations of those he considers his enemies. How mankind has given itself over to being a messenger of horror to its brethren! But mankind, steeped in its own madness and debauchery, does not see what is happening until it experiences in its own body my warnings. I love all my children and call upon you to become human beings responsible for your Salvation. To this end, let my people testify to my work and action by knowing my Word, receiving me in the Holy Eucharist, remaining in a state of Grace, so that the devil does not deceive you. Young people are in the clutches of Satan because of their lack of knowledge of my Love, of my call, of my devotion, which has been misinterpreted. Mankind lives without goals, feels anguish, but does not know what is in its soul, because of the pathetic answer it gives to itself and our Trinity. Mankind seeks its happiness, not knowing that happiness is more than that which is transient; of its own accord, it does not know that the assurance of happiness is found in Our Will, which man does not know, and yet it wants to live forever. My beloved people, you earnestly seek happiness, that which is passing, economic security, fame, prosperity.... All this fails, children, all this fails. Man does not realize the necessity of living in Our Will, so as not to be an obstacle to himself, and of his own accord he denies himself Eternal Life. Pray children, pray for the United States, which is suffering because of the awakening nature and is suffering because of the will of others. Pray children, pray for France, it is constantly being cleansed. This land is showing Europe what will spread throughout the continent. Pray, my children, pray for Venezuela, it will be doubly oppressed. Pray, my children, start a chain of the Rosary to the mercy of God, all united together, covering 24 hours a day. Pray children for Ecuador, this land is suffering. Children, you persist in sin, and you persist because you do not want to ask for My help. I want everyone to ask Me to lift them up and receive them in My Love. My Love is permanent. Do not be tormented by the belief that I am a distant God, I am closer than you think. I bless you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail, Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail, Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail, Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 21 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing remains with you ... The House of the Father wants every human creature to be aware of what you really are ... You do not know what you really are, giving precedence to any description of what man is ... The reality of man is to be a child of God, and being a child of God, every person needs to be exalted and thus be more spiritual. Children, no man can believe that he is saved until the last moment of his life, when, before my Son, consciousness transcends and ceases to be that 'I', he becomes a child ready to be examined in every respect, in relation to what God has assigned to him and what creation has assigned to itself. You belong to the people of my Son, so many are those who call themselves children, who grow in faith! And yet their spiritual immaturity is often revealed when they choose to fill their lives with that which is worldly and which makes them subject to that which is not noble. I see you acting so quickly, without stopping, without directing or distinguishing, you act as if it were natural to act consciously or unconsciously. You allow yourselves to do this without realizing the duty you have as children of God. You do not want to stop and realize the duty of every human being, your own Salvation and to bear witness to help your brothers and sisters in their Salvation. Beloved children, humanity allows itself to be led by the majority, by what is popular, by novelties, whatever they may be, even if they lead you to act from the basest instincts. This is because human creation follows the rhythm imposed by a society that does not fully believe in God, but society has been captured and immersed in a plot prepared so that it does not even have a moment of spiritual relationship with my Son. I see so many who boast that they are wise, and forget that knowledge does not guarantee that they are the holders of the only truth! Every human being has sinned, that's why he is an old man who must transform himself into a new man, be reborn and be a true child of God. You have a memory and you should purify it. This is difficult when a person's attention is not focused on God's things, but is distracted by what is directly at hand, by what comes to him from memory and causes a detachment from what is right. God's purpose is also retained in memory, but it will not surpass other memories present in memory if man does not learn to retain that which serves his good and reject that which does not help his growth. Have you asked yourself what eternity is? It is something so different from time, and you transcend it so easily, and by not growing spiritually, you limit what you call time and space. By setting immediate goals, you are not pursuing eternity, you are not true, and the lack of truth limits you. Children, don't compete in being a spiritual adult, focus on working and acting together, focus on putting aside the impulse that causes you to see yourself as a child and speak inappropriate words against your brother. Your personal shadow is the words you use to define your brothers. If you did not have a personal shadow, you would not be so quick to look at what you consider your brothers' faults. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in this word with which I am guiding you, I urge you not to forget that my Son waits for the call of His children; He does not encroach where human freedom tells Him to keep waiting. Do not listen to those who say that Divine Justice neither exists nor applies to man because of the mercy of my Son. Those who say so have not been reborn, are not new people, and do not recognize the merciful Justice of my Son, who is the Righteous Judge. The earth will not be cleansed by a new flood, but by fire. Mankind is so far from the word of my Son that it comes to disowning its peers, and without values it kills, flooded with the spirit of evil, and in this way the world gradually falls. Children, how many of you are afraid of God? Many of my children will be lost because of the great arrogance that they will not put aside, and because of the greed that makes them value everything; at the moment they are successful, but later they will be tormented. You look with disdain and disbelief at the present signs, until the crops perish and famine forces people to cross the oceans in search of food. The water comes with the storm, rises and rushes into the land. Then you will say: 'How come I didn't listen! ... But your negated conscience will not be able to answer them. Great tribulation awaits my children, and I, as Mother, will not silence my Heart's desire that you listen to the word explained by the Father's House and attain eternal Salvation. Pray with your Heart, receive my Son, feed on the Body and Blood of my Son properly prepared. The people of my Son should be vigilant, receiving in the Eucharistic food what is necessary to persevere. Woe to those who receive my Son improperly, without repentance! They choose their own eternal damnation. Woe to those who commit sacrilege! Woe to those who mock the divine! They shall know the pains of hell. Children of my Immaculate Heart, let not a moment of self-examination find you without regret for all the offenses with which you have offended the Divine. You see one word in my invocations and because of this you make great mischief, you seek opposite meanings in order to refute my Word, in order to relieve yourselves internally and not to listen further to the truth of the misery you carry within you. The Father's House will not be silent, but will continue to tirelessly bring His Word, and through His Angel of Peace, His messenger, as a great Act of Mercy for His children, will make known on the face of the earth not only the Infinite Love that you children have not accepted, but also that Divine Justice that is true, real and unequivocal. This being, who is the messenger of the true Divine Word, will conquer hearts, but at the same time others will become harder than a rock. It will come during the Tribulation, and how many of My children will be confused! Through previous revelations I have prepared mankind to love this messenger of God, who will accompany you who remain faithful. He will accompany you in moments of fierce attacks of evil against all mankind. This messenger of peace does not come to replace my Son, but for each of you to recognize the Kingship of my Son and enthrone Him in your heart in a personal way, so that evil will not touch you. Pray, my children, pray for France, she is suffering. Wealth and lights will be a thing of the past. Terror will overwhelm her. From one point to another she will be shaken by terror, the earth is shaking. Pray, my children, pray for England, the royal family suffers, and the attacks will come soon; nature rises before this land, and enemies surprise her. Pray, my children, pray for Russia, which reacts sharply in the face of unforeseen provocation. In the apparent calm, terror will awaken. Pray, my children, pray for Canada, shaken by the nature that scourges it. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not refuse to obey my Words, do not reject my call. This generation will know God's righteous hand. Whoever wants to save his soul, let him follow my Son.... Whoever wants to save his soul, let him wash himself from sin.... Whoever wants to save his soul, let him explore the knowledge of practicing God's Commandments.... my mantle is not just a fabric, as those who do not believe in my Motherhood see it.... my cloak is an extension of Divine Love, which gives itself to its children, not only to cover them, but is the union of all elements in the great element of spiritual love.... my mantle is more than protection, it is wisdom and obedience, so that whoever is under my protection will know and recognize what comes from my Son. I bless you, in peace I give you my love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 26 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, with My Mercy I send My love to you.... Every human being is the reason for My sacrifice. I do not want anyone to be lost because of the great ignorance in which My people live, ignorance of themselves and what they have inside. Immediately, it is necessary for you to know and possess a conscience, so that you do not think that you are flesh and nothing more, for apart from the flesh you are spirit, through whom I constantly call you to the Salvation of your souls. The poor spiritual upbringing of my people focuses my children on their physical body, indulging in hours of exercise to possess a better figure. By making humanity idolize the body - and how it worships it! - you have forgotten that you have a soul and spirit, and without them the body is just a body. You children believe that the soul is only an immaterial part of man, and the soul is something more. Without the soul there is no life, although this nature of human inclination is in the soul, so I encourage you to save your soul so that it may receive the reward of Eternal Life, and not suffer the pains of eternal fire. My people, the spirit remains united with Me, it informs My Holy Spirit about how man acts in accordance with My Will. The soul is connected to man and to his walk in the world, which is why I so often ask you to be spiritually vigilant. My beloved people, how much blood has been shed! I ache for this; you conceive of me differently, each according to his human desire, and I do not comprehend it. How you resort to violence, to weapons, to brutality between brothers! Although you claim to have made great progress, you have failed to tame yourselves. You are suffering from the prelude of what is coming.... you must come to terms with it, as it is clear that the signs will not come very soon. Painful moments will come, accept it, accept it ... You who say you believe, accept it so that you can wake up. Every person must make an offer to change his life, and in this change is your character .... It conquers you so easily! You are unable to put aside your human ego and think of your brother. You revolve within yourselves in self-centeredness, which is so great that it leads you to maintain great personal interests. I need souls united with Me, not with human interests in My works, because this leads to the destruction of what is Mine. Evil divides and ill advises My children, no one is greater than Me. In those moments when confusion begins, some people want to enter me through the big door without passing through the narrow space of voluntarily polishing themselves. No one who claims to know me speaks the truth unless he obeys me, unless he stays close to me and lives a life close to my Commandments. My beloved people, stay away from violence, it is growing excessively, war is being experienced in various forms all over the earth until you are unable to control it, and this is what you must all believe, even the most critical among you. Everyone will suffer from war - some more, others less. My people, so much is hidden from you! Already the cord that keeps things hidden cannot hold, and with a big bang you will receive the truths that you have rejected, and this is the moment for you to see them as truth. My Church is in chaos, My Word cannot be changed or conditioned. My Word is one and one is the Scriptures. My people, you are not paying attention to My announcements concerning the Angel of Peace whom I will send to earth for the sake of My faithful. He is imbued with my Love, and my children are incapable of being love. How will you look into his eyes if my Love is in him? Children, be unity, seek unity, persevere in everything you undertake, in society, in your homes, workplaces, wherever you are, you must be unity. Without unity there is no truth, there is only a layer of false truth. How many of my priests and some scholars of my Word deny this my Word, so that my children are lost! The usurpation of My Word is constant, and pacts against the clarification of My Word abound. A wise man is a godly man, not one who makes great speeches and whose heart is empty.... He is not wise who becomes sectarian or who claims to be like Me.... Not wise is he who is empty inside or who contradicts himself.... Not wise is he who goes against the law of love or transgresses our Divine law.... 'Man will not live forever, offending our Divine love' ... You forget very quickly that you keep falling into what you should leave behind. Not a single word of yours is unheeded by me, not a single word. Therefore, you insult me and think that you are not heard, you reject me and think that you are not heard and seen. You have forgotten that in Heaven there is a book that only my Father can read.... The great book of truth, which contains the truths that have been spoken to mankind - already! - and which man has distorted or does not know. My people, you are so far from my Father's house and know so much you do not know! You raise your voices against my Father, the owner of all creation. Heretics, blasphemers! - Who raise their voices against my Father or distort His loving work and action toward His people. When the seals are removed from the book of truth, many will fall face down and will not rise again. Many people deny My Word at this time and everything that happens surprises them, but they are not surprised because they find an explanation for everything. But the moment is coming when they will not be able to explain the events, and these beings will know that the moment has come and they will want to hide their faces, but they will not be able to do so. Pray, my children, pray for Italy, which is still being purified. Pray, my children, pray for Spain, as it will suffer immediately. Pray, my children, pray for America, for it will suffer unexpectedly. My beloved people, be tireless doers of good, be My witnesses, be those who fulfill Our Will; recognize those who deny My Word. You continue to live according to what is immediate, forgetting that you must be better children of God and better people to be worthy of Eternal Life. Once man understands that he must be better, humanity will become more spiritual. Man reflects what he carries within himself ... This moment is the exact moment for you to receive my Mercy and meet your Lord and your God again. Stay awake, do not sleep, do not live in darkness, be a light to your brothers, be true. My people, I bless you not to sleep, but on the contrary, open your Hearts of Stone to overcome the obstacles that prevent you from rising and being more spiritual. My Heart calls you, come to Me. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 01 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. At this special moment when the people of my Son are entering into the commemoration of the passion, death and resurrection of the Savior of mankind, beginning on this day of fasting, I call you especially to abstinence, fasting and prayer. This generation, more than any other, is in need of an inner transformation that includes sincerity, good intentions, readiness, truth, sacrifice, mercy, forgiveness, love and peace, so that you may once again meet my Son and come to know Him, and having come to know Him, love Him. At this moment there are so many who do not know my Son, and just as many who walk away from Him because they cannot love the One they do not know. I find so much hypocrisy in prayers charged with empty words without affection or sincerity, in those who claim to be close to my Son, and in some of my priests who do not enter into the spiritual mystery that has been celebrated since this day, who do not preach the return to the Gospel. This moment of repentance is not lived with its true meaning, nor with the true repentance or conversion that is necessary for you to return to my Son. I ask my priests to touch deeply the people of my Son, not to neglect this moment, for it is the eternal present, God, the Alpha and Omega of man's existence. Beloved children, you need a true transformation so that you can meet my Son again, and so that you are aware of what is happening on earth. The streets stained with the blood of the innocent should not be indifferent to you, the persecuted for the truth should not be disregarded by you. Hidden and unknown martyrs are part of the path on which each of you has the opportunity at any time to regain the truth through God's mercy. God's love is food for those who seek it, and they do not find it because of the laziness of those of my priests who leave my Son's people to their own devices, knowing that Satan's servants are waiting for their prey to be trapped and chained to false doctrines that grow up to distort God's precepts.... they are wolves in sheep's clothing. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I watch as the great edifice of my Son's Church is being seized in order to sow darkness in it, and this darkness is growing more and more on my children every moment. How many false and disinterested servants of my Son do not preach the truth, but persist in a deceptive sense of the Salvation of souls! The Law is one, the Decalogue is not subject to interpretation, it was given to Moses by God the Father to be fulfilled forever and ever. I warned you that the Church of my Son will fall into confusion, which will grow without interruption, and the priests will rise up against the priests. Those who treasure the word of my Son will preach the truth, and those who take other paths will preach promiscuity, leading my Son's people astray. This time is dangerous for the Salvation of the soul, therefore know my Son .... I urge you to live in the constant practice of the Commandments, fulfill the Law of God. Fear disobedience to God, this is the passion that my Son constantly lives, this is the passion that is in the current state. The priestly people must remain attached to the Law of God, so that my Son's people can fulfill this Law. My Son is being crucified again by His own people, by those who doubt the truth of His word, by those who do not believe in the Commandments and reject them. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are waiting for signs and waiting for a moment that will pass with a multitude of signs, forgetting that in a few days a schism may grow in the Church of my Son, and this will awaken nations against nations. Woe to those who leave conversion for tomorrow! ... Woe to those who wait and do not convert! ... my poor children! In my womb I carried my Son, He was conceived and born by the action and grace of the Holy Spirit. I am His Mother, I carried Him in my arms, I accompanied Him until His death on the Cross, and right now they are crucifying Him again with every thought that questions His nature, His life, His truth and His word. I am His Mother, I carried Him in my womb, and my most holy Son is the life, the unchanging truth, the Lord of lords.... Woe to those who mislead the people of my Son! Woe to those who feed satanic inclinations by denying my Son! Threefold woe to those who deny the word of my Son! The battle for souls is hellish, mankind is spinning to meet its own evil. The law is one, the law is eternal, the divine law is unchangeable, whoever changes it according to his interests is anathema. Where is the fear of God in the midst of this indolent humanity? Beloved children, as I have been saying since my first revelations to mankind, only Divine Love is the true protection binding on man, you have lost love, you hold love at arm's length and therefore you are victims of evil. You will not be able to give what you do not have within you. Children, evil lives in everything that man undertakes without love or with premeditation to do evil. Evil is the queen of mankind at this time, and humility is considered pride, whoever speaks the truth is accused, and whoever denies the truth is praised; man is retreating. Because of this increasing rejection of the word of my Son, the Father's hand descends to meet His children, those who exude uncertainty and those who do not believe or refuse to understand for their own justification. And the creation? Is it not the work of the Divine Hand? Does it not recognize man? No! It does not recognize the man who betrays his God and offends Him. There are so few who aspire to true spiritual union with my Son, who want to deeply know what true union with the Divine Will is. Simplicity and unwillingness reign over the lives of my children, who reduce themselves to a state of spiritual death. How much is still ahead of you and how little or no preparation you have! How great the lamentations will be heard everywhere! How many calamities are approaching! The earth will groan, and the waters of the seas will scourge it, penetrating to the shores of various nations; nuclear power is the Herod of this generation. The earth is vibrating at one end and at the other. Pray my children, pray, fear descends from Heaven for my children. Pray for China, their threats will become reality. Pray, my children, pray for Chile, it is shaking. Pray my children, pray, the plague is progressing silently. Pray my children, pray for Ecuador, the earth is vibrating. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, it is not words that save the soul, it is deeds and actions in accordance with God's will. Everyone will receive according to the measure of his deeds, everyone is unique in God's eyes. The moment is near, and man lives far from my Son.... Ask for the help of my Son, a moment is not a moment. The Church has a Mother, the Church is not abandoned, blessings are attracted by the human creation itself, which works and acts in unity with my Son. Archangel Michael and I are prepared for you, vigilantly waiting for the word through which you will ask us for help. You are not alone, I am attentive to your requests, and my Love overflows for you whom I love. Have mercy, my Lord, have mercy! With motherly love, Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 08 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, how much I love each of you! You are at a time when you are looking for so many adjectives to express what I am.... One word is enough for you to express what I am: love! If you understood and lived in my Love, mercy, hope, faith, self-giving, understanding would flow from you as from the Source, and consciousness would lead you not to waste a moment on transient matters that do no good for the soul. I love all people and become one with each of you ... It is people who have created divisions, those who do not love one another, 'for as the body is one and has many members, and all the members of the body, though many, are one body, so it is with Christ. I come to awaken you, I come for a renewed man, for a conscious man, for a man who loves with divine love. I love you, and you, what do you love? How do you love me? When do you love me? Where your Heart is, there you have your interests, and people are far from the interests of My House. Your hearts are saturated with what is material, your hearts and goals are in the car, in the mansion, in the latest technology, in being famous, in being recognized, in what pays you homage, in honor, in gaining fame, in accumulating wealth, in accumulating power, in questioning your peers and judging your brothers and sisters. I ... This is not me! This is not my people! My beloved people, you are accustomed to acquiring worldly goods. You have to pay for it, and it is only fair that you pay with the value of what you have acquired. Have you thought that in order to be saved, you don't have to pay? I paid for you and you only need to change, take the right path and become different by acquiring goodness to apply it to everything and everyone. I ask you, how is it that you do not want to love me? And I answer you: you refuse to love me because you are afraid to look at yourselves and recognize the pettiness in which you live, you are afraid to look at yourselves and see yourselves without anything to offer others, so you choose to love yourselves. You deny yourselves Salvation because you are uncontrollably attracted to man-made goods and prefer to satisfy your inferior tastes, rejecting the taste of the higher and infinite. Inferior goods so master you that your will becomes something evil, when you transform the good you received from me into something evil, using it in an inappropriate and improper manner. You have not filled your senses with the necessary good, but from what the world offers you, you take everything without first examining it. My beloved people, it pains me to look at you and see that those who devote their lives to serving Me are inclined to triviality, do not focus on Me, do not direct themselves toward Divine Truth. They are not wise, because wisdom seeks not to magnify the creature, but to nourish the soul and inner abilities to choose wisely. You confuse happiness with the material, and this is not true happiness, but the most erroneous path and the one that man is accustomed to follow with greater ease. Happy is the one who embraces me without fear, not the one who comes to me imposing his authority on me, for this one will never be satisfied. Beloved of my people, know yourselves first, so that inner knowledge will lead you to me. Knowing yourselves is the great way through which you will not struggle with the human self, but a communication that will allow you to know which part of the human self is the one that brings you closer to me, and which part distances you from me. In the truth of knowing yourself, there is a greater opportunity to straighten your path, to enter into my Love and to subdue what in the human self leads you to choose evil. Humanity has degraded My image in man to the point of destroying it, which is why there is so much debauchery and so much sin, until you come to that moment when you deny Me and renounce Me as your God. Therefore, I come to you to awaken this image of Mine, to guard your souls and to call you to a state of Grace and to fulfill the Law of God. My people, man has realized that he has not possessed all the knowledge of what exists in the universe, and therefore he must constantly investigate. Some of my children do not listen to my calls until science discovers what I have told you in advance. Hypocrites! They cling to what is worldly, to what is passing, they do not value my sacrifice, they live by what is immediate and criticize their brothers and sisters, they constantly fall, not advancing towards me, but rather towards the evil oppressor of the soul. My people, in these moments of spiritual preparation.... I urge you not to live in this closed state, in this flat position that does not allow you to see higher, but only what the physical sight manages to see. Not all who follow me are those who truly fulfill my Will, but those few will not be distracted if they maintain love, mercy, hope, the practice of prayer and patience with those who do not love me. I repeatedly call my people, so you must be repeatedly patient with those who want to push me away. At the moment, evil is infiltrating everything, especially homes, to cause ruptures that are irreparable. The family is being heavily attacked and used by Satan to lead my children to become discouraged and turn away from my Will. Do not allow evil to split the family, walk steadfastly, trusting in my Mother's protection and putting my Commandments into practice. The youth are constantly under attack, so those who follow me and remain in my Church, those who give themselves to me, must distance themselves from the worldly, from drugs, from perversion, so that away from these tentacles of Satan they can bear witness to my presence in them. At this moment I demand commitment... A commitment of love on the part of my people.... A commitment to follow the instructions of My House, so that they do not go astray. My people, just as mankind is constantly persecuted, the earth suffers from the inconsistency of man. Humanity's abuses have accelerated the wear and tear of the earth's crust; what took millions of years to change in ancient times is being destroyed by man in seconds. Man has become the greatest erosion of the earth and continues to mercilessly destroy what he finds in his path. Mankind will suffer from cracks in the earth's crust, caused by man's abuse of his weakened home. The earth continues to collapse, to the amazement of my children. Where there is sea, mountains will come to the surface. Man has taken the earth and is modifying it as he sees fit. Right now he is suffering in his body from the abuse of the land he has polluted. Mankind is suffering from all kinds of diseases because of the abuse of the land he has contaminated. Pray children, pray for Poland, which is suffering because of nature and agitated man. Pray children, pray, know that, as I told you, the third world war is progressing gradually, the suffering of man will be slow. Uncertainty and force are in confrontation as the first manifestation of this war. Pray my children, pray, Spain is suffering and the sun is showing blood. Pray my children, pray Chile is shaking and the sea is making landfall. Pray, my children, pray, my Church is shaken by confusion. My beloved people, in this season of Lent offer to Me what for everyone is a true sacrifice. Be reflections of my Love to your brothers and sisters, be mercy and forgiveness to those who do not know me, or who, knowing me, reject me. Do not forget that the battle for souls is constant, and in it evil does not cease. See me in your brothers and sisters, at all times with the eyes of my Mother. Be upright and do not waver in the face of evil. My word is eternal truth. My people, I love you, you are the pupil of My eye and I protect everyone. Stand firm, the ways of the world are not My ways. Look up, let not the heart of the righteous tremble in the face of the coming signs. Be a support to your brothers and sisters and help them to prepare so that they can look back and together with you right the wrongs. Be a witness to my Love. I accompany you if you ask me to do so; every human creature is priceless to me, and at the moment you repent of living in sin, at that moment I look upon you as the first, I cover you with my Love and take you by the hand so that nothing can separate you from me. My blessing is with each of you in this moment of pain. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 12 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, from my hands I emanate blessings for all my children. You should not live in sorrow, but in a joyful spirit, confident that you will receive the goods you need to be more my Son than evil. You should achieve the proper use of your free will; you should fill your physical and spiritual bodies with blessings, faith, hope and love, virtues necessary so that what surrounds you may receive from you the divine love that dwells in every human being. Therefore, it is necessary for you to know the importance of the physical body and how you should take care of it, so that through proper nourishment, upbringing, faith, knowledge and understanding, the spiritual body is like a magnet that attracts the good to itself and repels the bad. Be smart and understand that the physical body, properly treated, is the supreme means for the spiritual body to progress toward fulfilling the Divine Will. The body to which you give everything that comes your way, without distinguishing between good and evil, is a heavy body that holds such heaviness of the soul that the soul cannot ascend toward the pursuit of divinity. Therefore, it is a capricious creature; it moves from one place to another, seeking where it can anchor itself, but as the wind blows, so this creature quickly changes direction and will not seek the heights of the soul until it anchors itself in one place. Beloved children, I have always told you of the danger lurking in front of you, of sophisticated dangers, with all the technology needed to pass unnoticed, of food contaminated to the point of deforming the body. What reaches you - more and more subtle - is so imperceptible to you that you don't distinguish, so you fall into danger until you finally die in it. It is no surprise to this Mother how man has gone astray on the wrong paths, because in his search man is so foolish that he perishes in idolatry toward other people or toward himself, so much so that he becomes a stubborn creature who does not hear or see the great arrogance of which he becomes a victim. As a Mother, I call on every person to come out of his or her foolishness. I call on you to see the watershed moment in which you are living, I ask you not to reject the calls of the Father's House. My children should recognize evil and should distance themselves from evil so that it does not infect them. I ache for the ridiculousness into which man has fallen in every aspect of his life, so much so that the one who is most respected is the one who is most rotten inside. What truth do you want to find? If you were truly seeking the truth with good intentions, you would be more reflective, more meditative, but you disavow these words, acting through imitation. Man eagerly seeks a point of reference to know what he himself does not seek, in order to establish and sustain knowledge, and when a creature has no foundation, he takes what is at hand, whether good or bad, and this is where the devil takes possession of creatures who wander aimlessly or at the expense of others. Beloved children, we have been emphasizing the need to purify your memory, because in it you store feelings, images, tastes, smells, the past, what is lost, and what you store in memory comes out at some point for good or bad. My children, you can cleanse your memory of all that causes your regression, but you don't want to do it. Some live in fantasies of the past, others in what could not be, some in illusions, others in regrets, others in denial, and others still cling secretly to the past in hiding, in secrecy, and that is where they do the greatest harm to themselves, because they enter into sorrow with which they pollute everything around them. Children of my Immaculate Heart, these are moments for spiritual vigilance, these are moments for spiritual progress, spiritual growth, unity, but you remain divided. You yourselves live in duality, you want to change, but you want to persist in that which is worldly, which you know does you great physical and spiritual harm. What was created by the Father's Hand contains love coming from the Father, and you should seek this love as a great human necessity, so that you can respond to the One who first loved you. Humanity lives in a state of agitation because of the tide of information it receives. In its storms, the sun emanates particles charged with energy for which man is not ready. Children, man is changed by such solar emanations. The sun affects the earth, agitates it without your awareness, just as it affects the earth's atmosphere. We urged you to protect yourselves from the sun's rays, and you do not listen. Man's psyche is affected, impairing his behavior at all times, he reacts and acts excessively in a constant state of madness, driven by demons. He is exposed to the sun's rays, which, combined with the chemical elements that some nations throw into the air by airplanes, cause great diseases of the skin, eyes, mucous membranes of the human body; the goal of great nations is to exterminate man. As Mother, I ask you to observe, as part of your diet for life, the daily need to consume vitamin c, the daily consumption of raw garlic or ginger. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the earth will be shaken with greater force, you will see and experience the shaking of the earth. Love for the Holy Trinity will be forbidden, reverence for me will be forbidden, the blessed will be forgotten, pagan humanity will soon rise up against everything that resembles its divinity. The people of my Son will be enslaved, and others will deny the faith. In the face of the greatest apostasy and vulnerability in which my Son's people live, my beloved Angel of Peace will come from the Father's House, full of the Holy Spirit, to relieve those suffering in body and soul. How my Son grieves over such a great offense! So much could have been avoided! ... And you still do not consecrate Russia to my Immaculate Heart. Pray children, pray for the United States of America, for they will be taken by surprise. Pray children, pray for Japan, her land will be greatly shaken. Pray children, pray for Israel, its people will mourn. Pray, volcanoes will increase the intensity of their eruptions. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, unite, constantly call upon the precious blood of my Son, and at the same moment do the will of my Son, do no evil. Live this moment, growing spiritually, advancing towards my Son. I accompany you and intercede for you. Do not forget the protection of St. Michael the Archangel, the great protector of God's children, do not turn away from him, call on him, he is ready to help you. Do not participate in the sin of man enslaved by evil. My Son is coming for his reconciled people. I bless you, Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 18 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you infinitely. My Son has gathered you to unite in His love all of you who tirelessly seek Him. I bless you with my Love, I bless you as the Mother of my Son's infinite mercy. You know well that my Son is filled with mercy for each of you, but it is not only His mercy that you must seek, but rather each of His children must seek Him through love, so that you may understand the entire Word of God. At this moment, the people of my Son are quarreling, the people of my Son do not love each other properly, the people of my Son are persecuting themselves. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, man has become a stiff-necked creature who lives attached to what is worldly, who does not want to ascend to spiritual heights to unite in spirit and truth with the true and only love that will lead him to resume his spiritual path towards the Father. My eyes watch with great sadness as the great nations prepare for a war that will last several years, and the suffering of my children will gradually increase, and the persecution of my Son's people will be gradual, because the enemy of the soul wishes to exhaust the physical and spiritual strength of you all. Therefore, our calls do not and will not cease, because when my children are depressed, this Mother, by God's command, makes herself present to bring you comfort, to call you to fidelity, to call you to knowledge, and so that those who approach my Son's people with the intention of destroying them will not succeed, because people who know whom they love and know deeply are not easy prey for the deviants of the soul. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must expand your mind, for as the moment progresses, so does knowledge for good and evil. Some people accept news of scientific discoveries without thinking, and when I and my Son call them to understanding, love, knowledge, they refuse and turn away from our calls. It pains me to see how the people of my Son are diminished and how they allow themselves to be oppressed by those who do not know the depth of the divine mystery contained in the word of my Son; they remain silent out of fear, like mute dogs. You, to be true, must love in spirit and truth. You must awaken your spiritual senses so that they will attain greater discernment and not be easily deceived. At this time, when the great powers have created sophisticated and complex technological means through science, the people of my Son must know and remain prepared to distinguish between the true, the spiritual, the divine and the human, because man has taken the intelligence provided by the Father to cause great earthquakes, to create chaos, to contaminate human food, causing your decline in health and consideration. You should discern, because you will see signs in the sky that do not come from the Divine Will, but from the will of the people to cause confusion and chaos. Therefore, you should watch and pray, you should remain united with the Most Holy Trinity, you should remain in my Immaculate Heart, so that you can discern the signals and signs that the Most Holy Trinity is sending, so that those who are still asleep will be awakened before the great deceiver of mankind appears. The great deceivers have passed through the people of my Son, and the multitudes have followed them and are following them; the prophets sent by the Father's House are rejected. And those who have voluntarily given themselves to the service of my Son are using the authority that was given to them to accompany and instruct the faithful people to become persecutors of the faithful children of my Son's Church. How sorrowful my Heart is for those who, hiding behind 'zeal' for the Father's house, want to silence the voice of the instruments that the Father's House sends to its people, so that with words full of truth, going from place to place, they fulfill the mission of every true child of my Son's Church to be one more evangelizer and one more witness. Children of my Immaculate Heart, go forward without stopping, go forward without stopping, being those who fulfill the Law of God, those who fulfill the sacraments; receive my Son, living a truly Christian life. How much this generation has changed, falling into the hands of the devil, allowing itself to be dragged along by the powerful, who have united to bring this generation to prostrate itself at the feet of the antichrist. Therefore, I once again encourage you to look up, so that you do not forget that you belong to the Father's House, and not to the false ideologies growing all over the earth at this time. Therefore, when the antichrist appears in public, making himself known not by himself, but through his henchmen, an Angel of Peace will come from the House of the Father, who is not a prophet, but the one I have announced over the years in my previous revelations. How would the House of the Father forsake its children and not reach out to them? No, children, the Father's Infinite Love for each of His human creatures once again extends and overflows in love and mercy, and sends help from His House that will prepare the faithful people for the Second Coming of My Son to earth. Pray for my children, pray for Russia, which has not yet been consecrated to my Immaculate Heart. Pray my children, pray for the United States, they will suffer. This nation will suffer because sin abounds in it and it is constantly crucifying my Son. Pray my children, pray for France. The cry of this nation will shake humanity. Pray my children, pray. Chile, Peru and Ecuador will share in the great earthquake. You, my children, pray for your brothers and sisters. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, how much I love you, and how little you truly love one another! How often I continually receive you, even though you abandon my Son and me! ... And you are not ready to forgive your brothers and sisters. How much patience I have for you in the face of your constant needs and childishness! I see how you use the gift of sight to criticize your brothers and sisters for the smallest detail. Such are not my true children, such are not those who love my Son in spirit and truth, such are not those who submit to Him. That is why I repeatedly come to you and reach out to you to let me guide you and be not only a Mother, but also a teacher of each of you. I have continually welcomed you with love, I welcome you with love and I will continue to welcome you with love, but each one must come to me voluntarily, and I, with my Heart filled with love and joy, will lead you into the divine presence of my Son. Do not forget that you are in the season of Lent, sacrifice what causes you the greatest spiritual harm with regard to life with your brothers and sisters, so that at the end of this Lenten period you will be new creatures, you will be lit lamps, you will be what my Son expects of you. I bless you in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 23 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, how great is God's Love for My faithful people! How I long, waiting for my new creation, which leaves behind the rags of its old life, having decided to be part of my people who are going! I came again and again to instruct you, and you refused to listen to me, sinking deeper and deeper into chaos of all kinds. You deny the evil that surrounds you, resenting my Father's commands and our Divine Will in these desert moments to which you are moving with increasing speed. My people be alert to the gradual encroachment of the forces of Freemasonry in my Church, in my territory, against my holiness. Freemasonry aims to alienate my people from our Divine Law and to immerse humanity in the garbage of the innovations of the antichrist, putting the novelty of the antichrist in place of my Truth. My people, I call upon you with all my might to continue to renew your commitment, to always be a witness to my Love, alive and vibrant in the midst of human creatures who, at this moment, do not know my Word, and who, because of this ignorance, walk the barren street of false and attractive but deviant ideologies, in which the child of God disappears and the child of evil appears, with all the promiscuity that exists, in order to transform, as is happening at this moment, the land of blessings into a land of perdition for the soul. My beloved people, how many of those who claim to love Me and carry My Word to their brethren, desire the recognition of people and take it upon themselves to judge at will those who wish to distance themselves from their surroundings! How many of those who write about me, expressing opinions about future events, really have a hidden interest in continuing to exert influence among my children, in dividing and dividing my people, and with such behavior use this to maintain their status among the ignorance of my people! The followers of those who, at the moment, stand out among my children for the eloquence with which they write or publish great and famous books about my Mother and my Will, are giving in to the wrong interpretation of my Truth and the state of awakening in which our House wants to keep the faithful people, so that they are saved from the clutches of Satan. There are plenty of books, but few that correspond to the truth of the Divine Word, our Will and the clarity with which my Mother has always spoken to my children and to her children. How many there are who are crowned with great intellectual titles, and in the face of Our Word they become angry and deny it! My people, you are at a moment when you will hear your brothers say, 'I am writing this, I am speaking of this out of zeal for the Father's house,' hiding their true interests, personal gains that are summarized in pride. this moment is no different. '... If anyone wishes to become a follower of Mine, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow Me. For those who want to preserve their life will lose it, and those who lose it for my sake will find it. Let him among you who follows Me, who has no regard for persons, take up his cross and follow Me. No human creature on earth can declare that he possesses the absolute truth about all things .... No human being on earth can follow Me without denying himself, without transforming his life into a constant fulfillment of Our Divine Word .... No human being on earth who remembers My Truth and is chosen as My instrument can proclaim that he knows My Truth, My Judgment, My Time, for if this were true, he would not live on earth .... He who proclaims himself omnipotent is a curse. Man is man, and God is God. At this moment, humanity carries so much violence in its Heart, because it has surrendered to its weaknesses, and the crafty devil presents them moment by moment, so that you fall. I grieve for you, my children, I grieve for the path you have taken and which you refuse to abandon. Sin is convenient, Salvation is inconvenient for you, because it calls you to abandon what you like, to deny yourselves what you like, to give what is inconvenient for you, it is inconvenient for you to offer what you do not have, my love, because you still prefer error. I regret seeing how you deprave each other. Giving greater preparation to those who are far from me, you have chosen to take my children with you to perdition. Children, as in the past, you are free, and in this freedom you have embraced the debauchery that you yourselves have drunk from the cup of corruption in the hands of the enemy of the soul. You cannot hide the fact that the antichrist lives among humanity, giving orders to his entourage. Any denial on the part of my children is a recognition that you are offering yourselves to the antichrist and his elite, who will oppress you and lead you to sorrow to the point of wishing for death. My people, I call upon you, I seek you, and so little do I find an answer to my call.... So few are those who recognize me! My pain is great, my people keep me in a drawer, not in a drawer of furniture, but in a drawer of forgetfulness, disobedience, dishonesty, degeneracy, infidelity, corruption, denial, injustice, the death of the virtue of purity.... I have so few faithful servants who give me joy! ... The madness of evil is spreading over humanity. Some walk from side to side, others do not listen, but wander ... So many are those who do not think and close their hearts to My Word and falsify it! How many there are who have crossed themselves to follow people who lead them down the wrong path! My people, delve into my Word, love one another as brothers and sisters, do not despise our Divine Law. Darkness has shrouded people who call themselves spiritual, and has led them to become followers of the principle of evil, to love themselves, to love their prosperity and to love greed, to lead people toward themselves and their apparent power, in order to lead them away from Me and with them to lead souls into the clutches of evil. Man's thought is not focused on the divine, but on the earthly; you have forgotten that the accumulation of treasures on earth makes man a slave to his passions, petty and causes him to give preference to that which is not Me. My people, if I called you at this moment and asked you to leave everything and follow Me, how many of those who say they are following Me would follow Me? Not people, but Me, and I am the Divine Will, which can be found in the Scriptures, in the Law of God, in the Beatitudes, in the Sacrament of Divine Love. Conversion is not a matter of words, but of the moment! The man who waits for conversion does not know if he will live in the moment to convert. I am Mercy, and man relegates Me to his time, to his will, postpones Me. Do not wait, do not put Me aside. There are so many things I will explain to you out of love for those of you who are My children! Pray my children, the depths of the earth have opened and from them will come forth that which man of this generation has not experienced, purification. Pray my children, pray, cruelty continues to wreak havoc throughout the earth, astonishing those who abide in me. Pray children, pray, you will drink sorrow. My people will come to me heavily purified by the hordes of evil that man himself has raised, some of whom will repent. Pray my children, the earth will shake man to react, the water will rise, and the fire will continue to strike hard. Pray my children, pray for my Second Coming with my legions and my blessed ones, and the creation that will recognize me will give forth its voice, which man has never heard. Pray, my children, pray for Argentina. My Mother called you to be vigilant against unseen communism, and you ignore it, you think you know everything, and you know nothing. Communism is gathering forces, allies, and you will be surprised. Those who call you to me and remain allied with communism are ignorant of those they should not follow. Communism is one of the great scourges of mankind. Do not be foolish, stubborn, 'I am who I am.' Children, do not abide in attachment to what is earthly, rise to the heights of Him who lives in me, let yourselves be creatures of God and not of the flesh, of God and not of what is worldly. Come to me, enter into my love, fulfill my Will and love the silence, so that in the silence you may hear my voice, the voice of the silence of my Love. Whoever receives one of Mine, receives Me. You, my people, are the glory of my House. I bless you, and my Blessing extends to your loved ones for whom you intercede, whom you do not yet know, but who are my children. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 28 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, as the sun enlightens the earth, so I in My Heart welcome all people. In my Love I meet each of you, for whom I intercede before my glorified Son. Each of you should focus your thoughts on what Heaven asks of you, so that you do not stray and become confused. The future of humanity depends on the behavior of man himself. In order to guide you to proper behavior, I come to you as the Mother of Mercy. Take my hands, and I will lead you to a safe harbor. When you need me, call upon me; when you feel lonely, seek me.... I am the Queen and Mother of humanity, the protector of the helpless, the Advocate of humanity. You must enter my maternal Heart in order to squeeze into you love, submission and obedience to the Will of the Father, and so that you can accompany my Son in the preparation of Holy Week. You must overcome what in you is the greatest obstacle to the spiritual path, what binds you and hinders you from approaching the awakening of the spirit. Children, it is necessary to have spiritual understanding towards a man who does not consider his actions, it is necessary to surrender to the Will of God. Sometimes my Son leads you along paths that are unexpected for you, what happens is a test for you to mature. Iron hardens in the fire, God's children in the purification of humiliation. The people of my Son walk together in all moments, knowing that the enemy of the soul fights to discover in you the smallest thought against God's Will, to exploit it and tear you from the path. I don't want you to suffer, I don't want you to suffer from constant falls. Therefore, strengthen yourselves constantly by being sincere in what you lack in order to be better children of God. Beloved children, be beings of peace in the midst of so much discord in humanity. And when you pray for an intention, remain in peace, that way your prayer will be accepted more quickly. Dear children, at this time you must open your hearts to the clarification of the words of my Son, so that you will walk safely, growing spiritually in love and unity, discovering my Son in your brothers and sisters. I suffer from so many empty human creatures, living inertly without value, rejecting the Word of God and adopting false philosophies, and it is the Word of God that is the great mystery that man should discover in love. Children, it would be easy for man to walk with evidence that everything is happening to him spiritually, but man must offer obedience to God and discern, because evil will not be clearly exposed to each of you, so that you will discover evil as it is. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, there are so many heresies in the world that my children are constantly oppressed by weeds to discourage them, overwhelm them and lead them into confusion. Those of my children who live idle lives will be more vulnerable to temptation. The human person must be dedicated and constantly united with my Son, so that good deeds do not disturb his thinking and distance his heart from peace and brotherhood. Dear children, how great is God's Love for you that does not cease, its incessant cry, so that you do not get lost in the meanness of what is worldly! Evil desires my children, and having false teaching, pride burns in them, they live swollen with pride. Therefore, those people who reject my Son, desire honor that does not belong to them, are carriers of arrogance, swell with pride and do not know compassion to offer it to their brothers and sisters. Be the difference, do not be misled. Be beings who change, who convert, who live in spirit and truth. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, every word spoken by God is eternal. Just as the act of the Divine Word is eternal and man is finite, so too does the human creature need guidance to move forward, constantly stepping out of what binds him, to find freedom from himself, freedom from his own 'ego,' uniting with his Lord and God. Infinite power descends into the finite power of man and leads him to understand that every human act has its effect in the infinity of creation. You must be beings who exude goodness and have a multiplying effect toward all creatures, so that man's good will can duplicate goodness. Beloved children, at this moment evil has plunged humanity into a manifold variety of apparent necessities of life. These forms of human dependence are strategies of evil to chain humanity to work and act outside of God's Will. And when mankind does not have these apparent needs, mankind will become inexorable and people will rise up against people, nations against nations, people against people, without limit. Humanity will be beyond recognition. Dear children, the devil is persecuting my children, arranging what is within his reach to deform the Divine purpose in each of you. Before each moment his battle is greater, and my children are under increasing attack. Faced with this course of evil, you must intensify your work and action with discernment, above all being bearers of my Son's love. Each of you is a disciple, a witness, a follower of the beggar of love, and in His likeness you should be strengthened for the moments when your faith will be put to the test. Beloved children, the atmosphere will undergo sudden changes in its structure, caused by the sun, which will be visible to the human eye. Not only does the sun affect man with greater force at this time, but the moon also has a greater effect on the earth and man. Prepare yourselves, my children, be beings of love, revise your way of working and acting, do not forget that you will be forced to see yourselves as you are. Pray my children, pray for the United States, the exalted power of this nation is the cause of its own evil. Pray, my children, pray for humanity, which is suffering and will suffer with great pain from the effects of the new virus. Pray my children, pray for France, terror is coming to the surface. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not watch from afar what is happening in nature, do not let climate change go unnoticed. Man must be alert to the signs of this moment, in which everything that surrounds man speaks to him, so that man may save his soul. Benefit from devotion to our Sacred Hearts. I bless you with my maternal love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 31 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Love does not stop, it remains in constant motion to come out to meet you. My Love flows in divine freedom to be the protector, the Morning Star, the health of the sick and the comforter of the afflicted. I do not abandon any of those who cry out to me for help in their tribulations and joys. Love is not just a feeling or a thought, it is a reality that creatures carry rooted in their spirit, it is the greatest force that does not allow a human being to be static - love is an action, it is a practice, in every moment of life; whoever loves in moderation has not recognized Divine Love, but lives a false love. Do not forget that whoever does not love his brother or sister, or is in conflict with his brother or hates his brother, is a liar if he says he loves with the love of my Son. The Divine Love to which you are called is not the Love of words or moments; it is permanent and constantly expanding. Love is not selfish, knows no jealousy or arrogance; love is forgiving, compassionate and patient. Today's man does not love when he looks around him and pretends to love with works of mercy. My Son leaves you great lessons of true love. At all times I was the same towards all who approached me, I loved all people all the time. At this moment, mankind has become distorted and this love has been distorted; mankind has turned into a group of evil creatures who look down on themselves and kill their neighbor if he does not work or follow the convenience of the rest. The strongest Commandment is the Commandment of Love. The vast majority of creatures live their lives remembering some unpleasantness from the past, and this makes reconciliation and forgiveness impossible. Divine Love commands, do not be indifferent to your brother, but love as my Son loves. You should maintain a spirit of kindness, generosity and patience at all times. You should not be in ruin, you should not live in the reality of this moment of spiritual decadence. You should get out of the current of the world that pushes love aside. Live by appearances, like the Pharisees. 'Love in spirit and truth!', my Son asks, but you are not authentic, you do not know what it means to love in spirit and truth. Therefore, in moments of tribulation, which you cannot deny will come quickly, the true child of my Son will be easily recognized, and those who live in human love will be easily recognized. My children, before you read these exhortations, be love, live love. Love is in agony in those who do not move toward conversion. Conversion needs constant strength to be constantly renewed in the reality that you live in the midst of this world of violence that wants to extinguish the spirit. I urge you to work and act with all your strength to live, putting everything at the service of the Kingdom of God. Love is indispensable in the true children of my Son, so as not to distort the way, not to cause love to degenerate and not to endanger it. Love, the great stranger to humanity, is insulted by those who live in violence, in disrespect, in denial of God's Commandments. Humanity falls moment by moment into the abysses that reinforce the abused 'ego', and pride constantly besmirches its creation. Evil does not wait, but prowls around, so do not declare to all your brothers and sisters that love abounds in you, because evil can make you show the opposite in an unexpected situation. The unexpected is the great unveiling of the truth that lives within each of you. You do not live in a world of love; you are constantly exposed to terror, to death, to violence, to disrespect, to criticism, and you are amazed by this. How many times do you kill a brother or sister with a single word? Prayer cannot be set aside, it strengthens you, calls you to walk in safety. Prayer combined with the bread of life of the Eucharist is food for you to resist temptations with greater strength. The moment is approaching when you will be tested by the same love you gave and have. You will see, you will live and experience, you will suffer for your evil deeds, and the lamentations will be fierce. However great and unimaginable the sins you have committed may be, you carry the Divine imprint within you, so I call you to repentance to save your soul. Beloved ones, loneliness will overwhelm you and penetrate your bones, you will experience true solitude that you have never experienced before, you will examine yourselves. You will live and experience pain for every offense committed against the Will of God, as if you were doing it right now, without anyone to defend you, even without yourselves. My Heart aches for my children. After the Warning has passed, some people will be furious with God and the cruelty will be greater against My children. Man will be amazed, looking at Heaven and seeing fire approaching the earth, only that man does not know that this fire will then be a fire that will reach the soul and conscience of every man, burning away sin with unquenchable fire. Man will feel that he can no longer resist. Man's heart will be in a constant state of spiritual fatigue; you will not long to be filled with the word of my Son or mine. Beloved children, fire will fall from Heaven, fire that wants to annihilate hypocrisy, man's disrespect for the Divine. Pray, my children, pray for Seoul, it will suffer greatly. Pray, my children, pray for Chile, the suffering will not cease, this nation must consecrate itself to our Sacred Hearts. Pray for My Son's Church, pray for the unity of My Son's Church. Pray for Argentina and Germany, both nations will suffer greatly. Children, seismic activity throughout the earth will increase, atmospheric phenomena will surprise man so much that you will want to leave the places where you are. Look up, children, do not live your lives staring at the ground. The people of my Son will be surprised. Sons of my Immaculate Heart, '.... No prophet is a prophet in his own country', you should accept these chosen ones and defend them at all times. My maternal blessing is an obstacle to evil, but in order for this obstacle I send to help you, you must remain in a state of Grace. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 02 2017 - Jesus Christ
I met with my beloved Christ, and looking straight into my eyes, he says: my beloved, look into the depths of man.... Then we see the man and Christ says to me: 'see how a person is instantly distracted, see how in an instant feelings go from love to hate, from respect to disrespect, from kindness to making demands, being a victim of great weakness of his soul. Man is becoming weaker and weaker, not only physically, but also internally. I watched the creature and his movements with great attention, I saw his feelings and how, depending on these feelings, everything in the man changed unexpectedly. Suddenly the man approaches his son, and having met his son, verbally insults him, and the son is about to answer his father.... Christ intervenes and says to the Son, bless your father, embrace him and go in peace, remember that you must not kill any human creature, neither in thought, nor with your tongue, nor with your feelings, nor with your thoughts. The son went forward as Christ inspired him, and the father, in consternation and shame, fainted; he looked in amazement at the son who was leaving, and tears flowed from the man's eyes. Christ says to me: 'Do you know, beloved, how many times this scene repeats in a day? Many, at every moment. And how many human creatures react like this young man? I can tell you that almost no one, even those who feel closest to me. How much I have heard about the law of love! And the world doesn't know about it, because man acts on the basis of his immediate feelings and impulses. Suddenly, another person appears; he seems to be someone who has great peace, because his serene face, his way of walking exudes peace. Christ says to me: 'What do you think of this, beloved?" and I answer Him: 'He has great peace.' Suddenly there is another scene, this man is walking peacefully, but next to him appears another man who is talking to him, they go on and talk until something the other man mentioned did not please the one who was walking in apparent peace. His face became distorted, his voice changed, even his expression was different. Christ says to me: 'beloved, now you will see what only I know, and what makes a being who approaches me a complete rags...'. I see a man plunged into complete emotional paralysis, in a hole from which he cannot get out. A dark cloud shrouds his Heart, brain, thinking, passing through his entire spiritual and physical body. The organs of the digestive system turn dark blue, and bile rises, as if it wants to take a different path from the normal one. Christ tells me: 'look at the great interference of feelings in man. My hardness is not the foolishness of hardness, it is my desire for humanity to overcome the rooting in the direct. I am Love, my Love transcends, my Love is spirit and as such is an infinite act of life and order. Therefore, you children must live with a desire to elevate yourselves towards the spiritual, so that life will acquire value, beauty and control. My Love organizes, harmonizes, so that works and deeds are a testimony to what each human being truly is. As in the case of the aforementioned men, feelings betray them due to the domination of their 'ego' and the constant diminution of the spiritual, leaving exposed the world in which each person truly moves. My Love is ascension, and he who ascends does not go alone, but in unity, in community, to learn and understand himself not alone, but united with his neighbor. I have called you to live in me, to act as I have acted, not in repeating my actions, but in living my actions. Receive, nourish, live, express the inner transformation that will elevate you back to the heights of my Love, without which you cannot be better human beings, more real, and not copies of a series of actions that minimize what you are, a great work of love. Christ puts in front of me several people who are very different, one is fat, another tall, another very thin, another very short, and another pale, sick or dying. All these people are different, but equal in one respect, none of them wants to look at Christ. He speaks to them, and they look away. I look at a man who is physically dying, and I ask him to look at Christ, but he refuses, he doesn't want to, and instead is overwhelmed with anger. And Christ asks me: 'beloved, what do you see like in them?" and I answer immediately: 'they do not want to look at you or know about you,' and Christ tells me: 'what unites them is not what is conspicuous, but what they hide in the depths of their hearts.' Christ tells me: 'a man of low stature wants to be tall in order to stand out among others, he is not satisfied with what he has. This human being surveys everything to find out what is going on, raises his voice to be heard, but inside he is empty, his heart burns with pride and envy, he says he lives spiritually, but he does not know me. A man of great stature wants to be in control of everything that happens around him. His presence sets him apart, but it's not enough, he wants more and more. He lives with his brothers and sisters not because he loves them, but in order to feed his criticism; his heart burns with pride and jealousy, he seems to pray all the time, but it is not so, he rises and falls, he does not know me. A creature that gives the impression of being sick is not sick in its body, but in its spirit. It does not know brotherhood, mercy, its heart does not live in compassion, but in self-pity, which does not allow it to experience the pain of a brother or sister. He lives in pride, in jealousy, his Heart is empty of feelings, loneliness gnaws at his soul. When he tries to penetrate me, immediately his mind flies away and does not let him calm down, he does not keep me inside him. Man's disorder, disordered love, self-pity, lack of mercy, hardened heart, make everything around him disordered. These beings I have named exude something special, individualism, lack of love, indifference, loneliness, that which is common to the worldly, and they are in danger of turning away from me completely because of the individualism that prevails in them. My children are one together, they retain a great awareness that they are part of a great universe, and the responsibility of this causes them to live in me what they want for their brothers and sisters. Emotions are not evil, but they are those that create disorder and cause a person not to be part of my Love or all that it contains is evil. My Love does not create disorder, my Love is light and not shadow, my Love is Mercy and not resentment, my Love is hope and not discouragement. My Love is everything. Beloved, at this moment there is something that adheres to all people, and only a few know how to deal with it - something that constantly breaks out of the established order and leads to chaos, to anger. Lust, ownership, status, misunderstanding, lack of love, ignorance are part of why violence emerged and is part of everyday human life. My children are so limited in their understanding of evil that it goes as far as man will allow. Violence is not something a person has from birth; violence is learned in adolescence, in the environment in which one develops, and sometimes violence is infected by unbalanced, weak-willed beings, those who are like a boat's vane. Each of my children should be a peacemaker, a sower of my Love, they should share love with their brothers and sisters, so that my attributes are received by all my children. My children must be love, and I will give you the rest'. Mentioning this, Christ tells me that when the creation keeps everything orderly in my Will, its action is related to me and I rejoice in it. But this generation, which has given itself over to the madness of evil and usurped the most frigid states of spiritual connection with our House, has fallen into the greatest meanness and reduced itself. It has adopted anger as revenge, as a form of punishment of one against another. It has introduced feelings of resentment, betrayal, rage as normal, and this no longer deters those who want to act violently, intensifying the state of unloving humanity and causing harm to itself. Evil is present in man in order to push him as low as possible. Remember that evil has no mercy, it drags those it grabs far from me. Love is the honey that my children enjoy at times when they need me. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 08 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you with my Love, which pierces the most hardened hearts.... My Son's love for you has entrusted you to me at the foot of the Cross as the Mother of humanity. I do not want to see in my children beings saturated with hatred, resentment, ambition, discontent, inconsistency, wickedness, anger, arrogance, lack of faith and pride. This moment, more than any other, is hung by a thread that one move can sever. I don't want any of my children to be among those who will break this thread, leading humanity to continuous suffering without measure for all. I am not speaking only of general suffering, but at the same time of the rivalries that exist in the communities that are formed in the Church of my Son, because evil also eats away at groups, taking away the love of one for another, attacking them through internal struggles to tear down the works of my Son, so be vigilant at all times. Beloved children, excessive attachment to transient things, like attachment to materialism, attachment to the human ego, leaves everything good - love, hope, faith - in second place, and leaves everything spiritual on a lower level. Children, we urged you to meditate on each of these revelations. Above all, you should maintain a spirit of service to your neighbor; fraternity must overcome obstacles, causing you to lovingly accept the unexpected, except that very few of my children are willing to accept sacrifice as a means of expiation or as a sign that you are maturing in some aspect of life. Therefore, the enemy of the soul quickly takes possession of my children to drive them to despair and to make them burst like inflated balloons, causing havoc. Beloved children, in an instant pride makes the soul doomed.... Pride makes the great child of my Son the smallest and undesirable creature, reducing him to a crawler on the ground. Some want to anticipate the harvest and pluck the tares without looking at themselves, and what they do is leave the fields without wheat. Pride invites envy, arrogance, making demands, masking feelings and all considerations.... Pride poisons creation against its brothers and sisters.... Pride invades the solitude of man and makes him as bitter as bile ... Children of my Immaculate Heart, man has the ability to think, but in an instant the devil can kidnap you and make you executioners of your brothers. There will come a moment over moments when everyone will be examined, even the most righteous, and those who refused to listen will see themselves in that denial that led them to feel superior. There is no human being exempt from this self-examination, everyone will immediately see their lives and know where their shortcomings are and what they need to improve. Beloved ones, I want to prepare you, because you need preparation to continue on the path of truth in the midst of what is happening, disease and change. You are called to continue to be witnesses of Divine Love, so that you can move forward without stopping. Thought, like word, has great power.... Your thought should be accompanied by Divine Love, so that your work and action will not lack that essential ingredient, the spiritual spice, love. There must be spontaneous love in everyone, otherwise one being interferes with the communication between all brothers and sisters, and the undertakings of my Son do not come out as they should. My children, he who lives by what is temporal cannot love and accept the things of the spirit; the weakness he acquires leads him to live with a conscience that constantly seeks justification for his imperfect works and actions, living by his imperfections. Beloved children, when a human creature becomes accustomed to living without God, he becomes overwhelmed by pettiness, becoming miserable and unhappy, seeing nothing good in his brothers, but rather what he judges according to his own convenience. My Son sees the inside of his children, looking deeply at what you as a people do not want to see. So it is with the man of this moment, living with his character in opposition to God; his deeds, actions and reactions are impulsive, full of selfishness and anger, prone to constant attacks from the devil. Children, you have degenerated ... You are unaware of the privileged place you occupy in the universe. You should respond to the kindness you receive from creation. You are not creatures created to subjugate one another, but on the contrary, you were created to love one another, as my Son and His Father love one another .... The basis of religion is love and respect for life. Not using spiritual intelligence leads you to have a very narrow vision of what you are as children of God. You limit yourselves out of fear of being involved with my Son. How much you offend my Son, and how much my Heart aches for the blood of the innocent, shed by those who are their executioners! The new Herods of this generation, the children of evil who obey the orders of the devil himself, who want to obliterate all traces of innocence that exist on earth in order to seize the spoils more quickly, the souls of rebellious creatures who do not repent of their own will. Beloved children, how saturated you have become with evil! You do evil with great dexterity, with joy, you have forgotten that you remain in balance, and in this the weight of deeds and works tilts to the side of good or evil. You tear my Heart as you treat each other worse than beasts. You have understanding and you have given it into the hands of Satan, so that he may lead you along the darkest paths, causing you to act in the most cruel and inhuman way a creature can act. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, how many laugh at the words of my Son! How many are laughing at what I am telling you! Everything will come true, even the smallest thing, not because my Son wants to punish you, but because humanity will meet the product of its own evil. I urged you to prepare yourselves spiritually and to be reconciled with the Father's house, but again and again you refuse to perform this act of Salvation. I have warned you of what is approaching this generation, and you ignore my Words. Humanity is approaching a confrontation with what you refuse to acknowledge ... The specter of war will remain over mankind until the great nations, in great conflict, divide and fight each other, flooding the earth with great suffering. You children, unite, protect yourselves, cover yourselves with the precious blood of my Divine Son, while being truthful. Whoever does not submit to my Son should not live, expecting mercy if he does not repent. Suffering from the advancement of armaments is and will continue to be terrible; what mankind thinks has already been destroyed by some force will come out intact. Mankind fights for dominance, and Satan contributes to making this struggle deadly and very painful, and war is a favorable scenario for the antichrist to come to power. War is not only about armaments, but encompasses all aspects of human life. Plagues will pass over the whole earth, and medicines will become scarce, therefore I have given and will give you what you can use from nature to heal the body, therefore the Father's House allows this word to reach you so that you can heal the body and save the soul. Food is contaminated, but the people of my Son are being helped and food will reach wherever you are. Faith is necessary for creation, so that my Son can work miracles in every person. You will see how those who live attached to economics will lose their lives, their sanity and become angry against their brothers and sisters. Families will disown each other because of economic struggles in the face of a collapsed world economy. Even such unbelievers abound and will continue to abound, being victims of the evil that causes them to rebel against reality itself. Do not be rebellious, children, react, repent, repent! Pray my children, pray for the United States, which is suffering under the weight of its deeds; they will return and fall on this nation. Pray my children, pray for the Middle East, powerful nations are rising up in crumbling alliances. Pray my children, the cry of the innocent is calling creation to react against man, humanity is suffering more and more severely from the climate. Pray my children, pray, this is the moment that alerts you to the proximity of your self-assessment of your works and deeds. Pray children, pray, people are rising up against their governments, causing more retaliation and more suffering for themselves. I urge you to unite and pray, asking for divine protection and my maternal protection. The earth is restless, the largest volcanoes are awakening and causing the fire that is hidden in the bowels of the earth. Man races against time, not noticing that in his madness he loses the greatest treasure, life and eternal Salvation. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, it is not by great and generous deeds that you will attain Eternal Life, but by the humility of true devotion to my Son, in this way you pave the way. My children, in that which is material, the true self of each of you is revealed. Do not be concerned about what is earthly, for what is earthly will not help you. Take care of the Salvation of the soul, so that you can enjoy Eternal Life. Children, you have forgotten that the body is the temple of the Holy Spirit and that when you commit sin, you offend the Holy Spirit. Children, unite yourselves; be Love, as my Son is Love. Be vigilant; anger spreads like the wind and penetrates the less-thinking creature, causing it to behave like a child of evil. Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, be Love and the rest will be given to you as well. My Love is in you a wall of opposition that prevents the devil from taking you as instruments of discord. The effort to be peace to all your brothers and sisters is a treasure that not everyone is ready to offer. My Son is coming in His Second Coming and all that is anxiety at the moment will be peace, blessing and love. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 13 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, in these days My devotion to each of you is renewed, and My Mother's maternity to each of you is renewed.... I call upon my people to gather in our Sacred Hearts, I invite you to enter the path of my Sorrowful Passion, no one should be indifferent to this act, my children are participants in the benefits of redemption and the commitment it entails. At the moment, some persist with the tears of the past, which they have not been able to dry, and in the present, clinging to the follies of the 'king of the world,' they forget that all my people will be put to the test of my Justice. This humanity is thirsty for sin, and my people know that they must gather around my Love and my Mercy. You have the blessing of the Sacrament of Confession, repentance for evil deeds, for sins, for insults and slanders against your neighbors! Repent now! Repent, children, in this moment of ugliness, in which all forms of sin are committed that you cannot even imagine. Children, sins abound in all areas; the devil presents to you what my people should keep away, and puts it before your eyes, so that lust is born, and from lust you move on to the intoxication of evil deeds. Therefore, I desire to wash you from the filth with which you have polluted yourselves, from evil steps, from perverse practices, from the blood of the innocent, from the times when you have denied the appeals of my Mother throughout the world, from the refusal of my priests to instruct and help my children. I wish to wash my children of the domination of Freemasonry that has taken root in my Church, causing you to stray into evil practices. Be doers of the Commandments, be more than pious, be beings who need me and like me, beings who like the good and love those who convey my Word to you, respecting the one whom my House has chosen. My people, I desire to wash away all the scandals of My Church, the fanaticism, the errors, the heresies of those who consider themselves scholars. I desire to wash away the apostates and the corrupt, those who believe they can deceive me, those who consider themselves the owners of my temples and who, without proper knowledge, distract my children. I desire to wash with my precious blood the ears of each of you, your tongue, your hands, your thoughts, your reason and your conscience, so that everything may be cleansed and sin may not penetrate further. I desire to wash the hearts of some of my priests, so that they may love me more and so that love toward me may abound. My people, I have instituted the sacrament of the Eucharist so that they may celebrate it as I have taught you through my disciples until the end of time. I want my people to receive me on my tongue and treat me with love, receive me with love and be properly prepared. My people, how many of you mistreat Me in the Eucharist! How many of you profane my Blood and my Body! How many receive Me and do not believe in My presence in the Eucharist! I am constantly suffering from the constant torment that is present in the constant disobedience of those who claim to love Me and hypocritically kneel before Me. Children, you do not see the consequences of your evil deeds, you keep bad habits, forgetting me on these holy days, constantly insulting me with the nakedness of your bodies, drugs, immorality, forgetfulness, thoughtlessness and debauchery in every way. My Mother looks at you with pain, in the face of the refusal of my people to be faithful to Her requests and unstable in obedience.... You are experiencing these days as feast days, and what are you celebrating? ... Disobedience, carelessness, pride? You do not offer sacrifices, you do not approach Me, you abandon Me for a few hours of pleasure. This is my people, who with loud music honor the memory of my sacrifice ... I sacrificed myself out of love, which you reject ... I sacrificed myself out of love for each of my children, to give you Eternal Life. My people, do not reject My Mother, who is the Mother of humanity. She walked the path on which I was led; everywhere my Mother prostrated, kissed and purified my Blood, carrying each of you with her, making satisfaction for each of you. Her sorrowful, almost breathless soul offered her sorrows on behalf of each of you. How much disobedience of my people to the requests of my Mother, which are the Will of God, and how much pain would have been avoided if obedience had been accepted and my Mother heard! Man is heading to his meeting with pain, the same pain that is sowing on earth, the same pain that the power is preparing to reduce the number of My children on earth. The global power decides which of the areas in which man moves will be the next victim of its wiles. I come out of love and find that the earth is dominated by a power that is preparing to deliver my people to the cruelest of pains. The sun is constantly illuminating the earth, at this time more than at others, but it is not good for the man who exposes himself for hours to its rays, and yet to warn this generation of what harms it is as if to tell it: 'do this to harm yourself.' My people, war is alive on earth, passing from one place to another, and most of humanity lives its own life, in constant personal war for irrational pleasure. War is not a shadow, but a reality, do not continue to be carefree, be cautious and forewarned. Do not forget that disease will become a plague when it spreads through the air. Evil faces man with temptation and man falls without your compensation ... I suffer because of this, souls are lost and evil rejoices. Pray, my children, pray for the Middle East, hostility is increasing between nations, and they harm each other by force, just as they raise their voices by force. Pray, my children, pray for Italy, they will mourn the upheavals of the earth. Pray, my children, for the United States, a continuous wave of events will keep this nation in a state of alarm. Pray for my children, pray for Russia, she will make a choice, and her choice will be a great discord that will incite people against others, causing irreparable damage. Pray for Argentina, tensions are rising and my children bend their knees, this nation is suffering. My people, I come out of love for each of you. How many of you approach me with love? I bless my priests, whom I constantly call to humility. I call on my people to honor and love me in the blessed sacrament. I call on my people to love my Mother, but my temples will be ransacked and some of my faithful priests will be killed for loving me. My people in Venezuela are being crucified anew. My people, a certain body is approaching the earth from space, which will be a cause of pain for my children. Volcanoes are beginning to erupt. Remain strong, be honest with yourselves, and I will guard you like the great treasure of My Heart. My people will never be abandoned, neither by Me, nor by My Mother, nor by My faithful priests, whom I carry in My Heart as a burning flame of love to save souls. I will be with my people in all moments, attentive to their needs, if they will do my will. Be strong, firm and resolute in all your actions, in all your works, but above all, be my own love towards all your brothers and sisters. This generation must know my Love and be filled with my Love in order to flourish. Repent before evening falls. I love you, I bless you. Unite yourselves with Me. My Love spills over the whole earth for the blessing of those who want to unite with Me. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 16 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you with my Love, which I share with each of you, beloved of my Heart. I rejoice in every Our Father, every Hail Mary prayed with My Heart and with the knowledge that without the Most Holy Trinity, man is nothing. I rejoice in the repentance of my children for evil deeds or works, because then you turn to my Motherhood with greater awareness and allow me to help you and bring you closer to the way of Salvation. You celebrate the memorial of the Resurrection of my Son. It is a celebration of Divine Love for each of His children. Divine Love makes you reborn like newborn babies who are defenseless if someone does not protect them, it makes you reborn in your Hearts, reborn in your senses, reborn in your work and action, reborn in your thinking, reborn in your feelings, reborn in your conscience and reborn in your mind. The people of my Son are privileged, they are guided by the Divine Word, and they continue to be guided by the explanations of the Divine Word so that they will not be lost. You have participated in the terrible pain that my Son suffered and continues to suffer, and you rejoice in the victory of the Resurrection, as a sign that nothing can defeat the Blessed Trinity, but there is no victory without the Cross. Whoever wants to shorten the path will find himself in front of a cliff, because the life of my children consists in retracing the steps of true love, and it is through this love that my Son teaches His own to come to Him through the work of love. My Son gives you good soil to sprout and bear the fruits of love, the fruits of obedience, the fruits of patience, love and hope, without change, even though circumstances may change or contradict expectations; even though the environment may be different and the climate unimaginable, the good seed sprouts, grows and fills everyone who looks at it with joy, sharing the attributes gained along the way. Each of you is a field of good soil and makes the wheat or weeds grow in that field, according to the free will that every human creature has. He who knows how to grow good wheat delights in his Lord and his God, because everything is for God's glory. He who wanted to grow weeds and did not obey when called upon to change the way he shows his field, becomes a fool, ignores the constant signs put before him to change; he does not want to be comforted, but clings to his solitude. Beloved children, be steadfast, keep love among yourselves, be courageous, be resolute, keep hope, because the harvest in which you yourselves will be tested is near. Creation sings God's glory, while man sings in honor of his enemy, disunity, stubbornness, envy, thoughtlessness, lack of mercy, like a deaf and blind creature who follows the tentacles of evil. In creation, everything goes through a cycle, and this cycle is designed to fulfill the Divine Will for which it was created. Man takes the power he received from the Divine Hand to glorify God or serve evil. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, awaken your faith! There is no moment to persist in unbelief, not realizing the gravity of this moment, in which man wants to show his strength and his power, forgetting that he is a creature of God and not a creature of evil. The evil one, the enemy of the soul, Satan, usurps in the most despicable way what is not his, usurps what does not belong to his nature, usurps the human soul and degrades it, creating people far from God and hungry for greater evil. It is in this struggle, in search of advantage, that the devil attacks man to lead him to covet what is not his, and thus to malign his brothers and sisters. Man has built a path of pain; he has built a weapon that he will use as a sign of power. Man does not construct what he will not use, but what he thinks will give him more glory and more power. At this moment, the devil is paving the way for mankind, a painful path caused by man's struggle with himself. You, beloved children, are a blessed generation, you were warned of all that weighs on mankind, so that you could take a different path, but this did not happen. By refusing to explain the Word of my Son and my Maternity, which, by God's Will, is not silent, the devil has been allowed to act by force on my children, so that they enjoy referring to an incomprehensible religion, because it demands that the sinner repent, respect and fulfill the Law of God. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, time is running out, I encourage you to consider what I have told you; I encourage you to pray to discern that the things of this world pass away, they are fleeting; the things of Heaven do not pass away, they give you Eternal Life. Do not forget that in the days of Noah, people bought, sold, drank, mocked Noah, but then the Flood came and caused them to perish in disobedience. At this moment, how many of you are living in darkness! ... How many do not want to listen! ... How many of you prefer ignorance out of convenience to the truth for your Salvation! How many of you have sacrificed prayer, union with my Son, true knowledge of Him, in order to enter into the work and action of my Son! Children, I warn you not of God's wrath, but of the wrath that has blossomed in man and borne fruit. Our prophetess does not warn you of her own will, but in obedience to the Will of God, and you do not listen.... What will happen? At this moment I call on you to repent before man makes mankind weep, lament, burn his brother's skin and enjoy it - just as he does, but with greater intensity. My angelic legions look at humanity with deep sadness; how they would like to intervene to stop so much pain! But they cannot intervene. Their prayers for humanity are constant, they constantly touch Hearts, they constantly speak to the Heart of man, they continually abide with man. My children, throw away your anger, do not let anger take over you, anger has taken a dominant place in human creation at this time. Anger is Satan's sword, anger defeats people, anger destroys relationships, anger destroys homes, anger is Satan's poison against humanity. Drive out anger, my children, drive anger out of your life.... do not allow anger to enter you. My Son is testing patience in His children. Pray, my children, pray for the Middle East, the steps are speeding up and the confusion is growing. Pray, my children, pray for the United States and Russia, they are bringing their allies closer to a war that has already begun; right now the war is still progressing. Pray, ignorant people will succumb to their own pretensions. Pray, my children, pray, the earth is shaking with greater force on several continents. Pray my children, pray for Argentina, its people will weep. Pray my children, pray for each person to repent of their mistakes before night falls. Pray for France, she will weep. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, remember that the moment will come when everything you possess will be tainted by the evil act of a man who has used science for evil. Do not despair, for my Son will provide you with the necessary nourishment. Resurrect with good and everything will belong to my Son. My womb, the Ark of Salvation, will protect you. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 19 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, in the unity of our Will, I call upon you to prepare for the day that My people have destined to celebrate My Mercy. What do my people have to celebrate? The triumph of life over death.... The triumph of obedience over disobedience.... The triumph of love over lack of love.... The triumph of piety over godlessness ... Humanity does not live in triumph, does not live in the victory of light over shadow, but continues to live in the valley of death. I came to save you, and I have not abandoned my people; I remain to save you, and I continually send you the help you need to overcome evil. This is not happening in this generation because of the ignorance of my Love and the boundless surrender to evil by this generation. I look at the earth, and there so many human beings live in constant sadness, because their lives do not allow them to even think or want to break out of this state, which becomes depressive. And so it is that sadness is easily born in a person and difficult to eradicate - do you know why? Because sadness in some cases hides an element of anger. Sadness arises for a reason and often distracts you from anger, which is the cause of what you don't understand, what you can't overcome, what you haven't achieved, what you don't enjoy or share, from feeling sad about injustice, aggression, the killing of innocents and others.... In the attitude of sadness there can be a state of passive anger if you do not live in my Will - passive when you face the death of a loved one, when illness comes and you do not find an explanation, because there is none. Deep within a person is a state of passive anger, when you do not live sorrow immersed in my Will, which does not contain a trace of anger. Thus, man has moved from a state of passive anger to a state of active anger. At this moment, everything that happens around man causes him to fall into states of anger, and they are so frequent that man does not have the slightest idea of these constant states of anger, because they become a growing habit that is directed against his brothers and sisters. My beloved ones, you must eradicate this life of constant sorrow; along with it, the enemy of the soul introduces not only anger, but also anxiety, despair and everything that causes you to fall, so that you do not realize the impasse you are in and do not approach me. From your brother and sister you receive a reaction to your actions. Each one of you produces light or shadow, each one projects before his brothers and sisters what he wants them to see; so it is that a person lives in unreality when he does not project a true life before his brothers and sisters, but projects a mask of what he really is. Through this lack of truth, the enemy of the soul has introduced disrespect, intrigue and unbelief into today's society with great ease and cunning, and this is why my children do not trust their brothers and sisters. My children, this mistrust has been very carefully sown by the devil, so that man does not trust everything, his brothers and sisters, his family, his work, his prosperity, My Word, My Love, and finally, so that because of such great mistrust he will deny himself Salvation. My people are no strangers to the reality in which they find themselves at this moment. Some do not want to enter into an understanding of the events that are close at hand, for fear of facing the truth. This, children, is not good; you should not deny yourselves contemplation of reality. Your senses tell you that all is not well with your external environment, but the human ego says: 'I don't want to know about what is happening to humanity.' This denial limits my children, because one who lives in denial limits himself in time and space. My children who are attentive to my appeals are attentive to everything around them and prepare accordingly, especially in spirit. Each of you, my children, is part of the history of Salvation, to the extent that you are good, you create good; to the extent that you are evil, you create evil. My call to conversion is urgent, my children. Do not forget that you have bodily senses, yet you are not only flesh, but also soul and spirit, therefore you have spiritual senses and you must use them so that the senses of the flesh are different and unite with Me and want to do good. My people, do not continue to live according to yourselves, as you would like everything to be, because that would be a lie, and by living a lie, you deprive yourselves of the opportunity I am giving you to attain true life and life in abundance. I have called you to live my way, and how many refuse because of lack of trust? You remain in a constant impasse because you are not living in My Will. Man is corrupt, and the great poison of this corruption is that he constantly tries to find spiritual answers in a man who is not spiritual, a man who offers prayers to Me without being saturated with love, submission, obedience, humility, faith and hope. My children, I bless you for every prayer you offer me, it does not go unnoticed. This generation must redouble its efforts to overcome what you are facing, and your prayers must contain all the necessary ingredients to not only reach the Father's House, but to make you transcend yourselves. My people must be a people who walk in my spirituality, acting and working in accordance with my Will, so that you will be resolute and firm performers of what I ask of you. What will happen to children who do not trust their parents? What will happen to people who do not trust me? I ask you to follow the path that I have set for you and that I have walked for you before.... yet you do not obey, resist, refuse and make your own decisions. I want you to follow Me in freedom and find contentment, living constantly from the goods I give to those who follow Me. My people, if you could look at the path you are taking, you would be afraid to continue where you are going, for you would be afraid to follow human will and that the latter would cause you to fall into evil. My beloved ones, look in spirit and truth into yourselves before you are examined yourselves. The warning, my children, will give you the grace to examine yourselves, you will see and feel the weight of what you have done wrong in your life and you will see and feel the weight of the good you have not done in your life. This is the great Act of Mercy with which my Father tells this generation: 'come, do my Will'. No human creature will be able to disengage from this moment; the innocent will be taken into the arms of my angels in these moments so that they will not suffer. My beloved ones, because of the anger of man who does not understand himself, because he does not control himself, mankind will suffer a great plague resulting from the anger and dominion of evil over man. Some people do not believe that evil exists, so much so they will lament when the evil one stands before those children who do not believe that man is capable of serving him and carrying out the orders of evil. In those human beings who live away from me, evil permeates and grows like a tree to which fertilizer is added every now and then. Human beings do not realize the depths to which evil nestles in order to cause all possible divisions, all possible intrigues, all possible distrust, all possible separation.... Humanity is going through this moment, looking at itself, at its efforts, studies, work, possessions, desires, projects; and this is good, as long as it doesn't stop you on your way to me, or cause you to keep me in last place, or when your interests are so great that you don't listen to my voice. Don't forget the time of Noah, everyone was drinking, eating, working and doing other things, and they laughed at Noah, called him crazy, didn't trust the reasoning of this man who was preparing how to save his family and suffered for those who would not be saved. Then when the rain came and didn't stop, they ran toward the ark and could no longer enter it. This generation perished. My beloved people, this disobedient and idolatrous generation is facing an escalation of violence from which it will not be able to escape. Evil directs the great powers as they hand over human beings to him for enslavement and subjugation to his commands. The tentacles of evil have enslaved the elders, the elders have passed on to the youth the products of these tentacles, and the adults have passed on to the children what technology has created at the behest of the tentacles of evil. This generation moves in a circle of vices, all in the name of evil. Some are waiting for the appearance of the tentacles of evil; these have already ceased to be tentacles and have become the weapons of evil with which it dominates humanity. The Antichrist walks among you, and you do not recognize him.... For you have become accustomed to evil. My beloved people, you will not be kept from my protection, I will send my Angel of Peace, my envoy, to help and support you in resisting the terrible agony into which the antichrist will drive my people. You will listen to him, and his every word will be a balm to the souls of my children. My beloved people, just as in the past you did not listen to my faithful shepherds who spoke the truth to you, so you disregard and deny my prophets, deny my true instruments and accept those who deny what you have before your eyes. My poor children, how blind you have become! Pray my children, pray for the United States, they will bring pain to my people. It will suffer through nature and through those who are not its allies. Pray, my children, pray for Russia, which is suffering from terrorism. Pray that it will not make the right decision. Pray, my children, pray for North Korea. This nation will suffer to the depths. Pray my children, pray for my children of Venezuela, they will suffer to be free. Pray my children, pray for Jamaica, nature will cleanse it. The earth will continue to shake, and erupting volcanoes will be a source of pain for my children. Nations in chaos rise up in anger. Humanity remains in tension and this is intensifying. Be those who seek my Love, be faithful, do not follow a society that does not understand itself. Children, I have given you eyes, do not continue to be blind, live the inner life. My beloved people, whatever pain befalls you, offer it, help one another, evil scourges mine. Unite, keep faith in my protection and in the protection of my Mother. Pray to my Mother, come to receive me worthily prepared, consecrate yourselves to our Sacred Hearts, return to the recitation of the Holy Trisagion, it is a balm for our Trinity. Beloved children, man must be warned and defend himself. I ask you to pray at all times. Bless one another, bless whatever comes your way. I love you and bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 22 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you with My Merciful Love. You are in My Mercy, I seek you, you are My most precious treasure and I do not want anyone to be lost, anyone. I warn you, I caution you, I encourage you to fight temptations, to overcome them and to persevere. My mercy knows no boundaries, neither of races nor of languages.... I love all men and women, I call all to conversion.... I forgive those who repent and who, with a firm intention to improve, fulfill Our Will. I accept the penitent, the one who humbles himself to serve Me, who becomes small, not interested in the honors of society. I wait with all my Love for those who turn away from the darkness in which they have plunged, and then I enlighten them to understand that these forms of darkness are also physical. By obscuring your intelligence, they blind you and you are paralyzed, not knowing how to get out to find my light. Humanity walks in a thick darkness that blinds the spiritual and opens to the material, so that you are quick to accept what is not of Me. My Mercy is infinite, through which you live with the free will that has been given to every human being. Nothing is yours, you are only My stewards, and I will ask you: what have you done with what I have given you? My Mercy is Justice; for love of those who are Mine, I will not give to the righteous the same as to one who does not repent because of foolishness or because of his choice to take refuge and belong to the ranks of evil. Each person chooses of his own free will which path he will take. My mercy gives everyone what they need to approach Me and enjoy the benefits of My House. My children know that I will come like lightning, and all will remain speechless until My children recognize Me, and those who have not obeyed will have no idea what is happening. Beloved ones, at this time my children need to receive the blessing of my House, and before the events that are so near, at the conclusion of the novena of mercy on the day of the feast of my Mercy, I will pour out a special grace on my children who are in the right spiritual state of Grace and have been faithful, and who with a contrite Heart have asked me for it. If it is for the good of the soul, they will receive it. To my people I will give the grace of perseverance in the faith if, nine days before Pentecost, you pray and entrust yourselves to me every day of this novena, with body, soul and spirit united in love, with devotion, consecration, awareness and having turned away from what is worldly. It is required not only to remain in this state of peace, grace and inner love for these nine days, but for the rest of your life. My beloved people, punishments are approaching every moment to befall man; war progresses slowly and, one might say, along with fear. Man's suffering is ordered by men and I suffer for it. My Love is infinite and I do not want my children to suffer. Human rebellion has managed to surround mankind itself, and you are not able to leave, on the contrary, you join this rebellion against Me, and in the one who gains a great advantage over souls is the devil himself. Water is a purifying element, there will be plenty of it on earth. You know that water is a sign of purification, and the earth is asking for water to cleanse it of so much evil that man causes to fall upon it, especially the blood of the innocent, which is increasing every moment. Beloved children, you do not accept my calls. The scholars scoff at the explanations of my Word and consider every sign of my presence among you as something outside my Omnipotence. Ah! I will look into the eyes of those beings who call themselves owners of My Word.... I do not deny myself to my people and I use all the resources of my Love to encourage sinners to come closer to me, to repent. Do you not see how the most unimaginable and infernal passions have overwhelmed mankind? ... Do you not see how this humanity has distanced itself from me, disrespecting me, entering my temples to commit aberrations and sacrileges? ... Do you not see how they have occupied my temples to hold secular music concerts, and keep me in the Tabernacle, where I am a prisoner in the face of such transgressions.... This is the feast of My Mercy - yes, children, My forgiveness.... But not the justification of sin or sacrilege. I see some of my children digging themselves into strategic positions so that they can confuse my children, I see them denying everything, not stopping to examine well what is mine and what is wrong. Denial is an easy way to avoid responsibility, which everyone acquires according to their condition. Our Trinity is Love, such love as you do not know, so much so that my Father sent me to give myself up for you, taking your sins upon myself. We are Love, so much so that you will not be left alone in the face of suffering. My Mother and Mother of all people, will continue to guide you so that you will not suffer alone, and then my Angel of Peace will come to give you the peace that the antichrist will try to steal from my people. I will not leave you alone, for I see that you are constantly besieged by the devil and his followers, as well as by the wrath of man himself, who causes evil to grow like yeast in humanity. You are besieged, children, very much besieged and pursued by the wiles of evil to make you fall into sin. The evil of rebellion has been poured out upon the nations, so that in the midst of a fury of protest and upheaval, people will rise up against their brothers and sisters. I asked various leaders to consecrate their countries to our Sacred Hearts in order to free them or minimize social upheaval, but I was not heard or taken seriously at all, so proud is man. So it is not only the one who does not listen to me who will have to suffer, but also his nation. Argentina, land of great saints, how I looked at you, and you did not listen to me! My people, my beloved people, I grieve for you who are suffering. Persecution on a greater scale will come soon. My faithful Church will suffer, Freemasonry is imposing laws against my Will. I grieve for the temples that will be destroyed by debauchery and injustice. Therefore, my children, prepare yourselves accordingly, change your lives, return to the true path. Come to me, each will see himself, each personally, and each will see how much he loved me, how much he loved his brother and sister, how much he built and how much he destroyed.... Everyone will examine himself in love. My people, life is the gift of our love, therefore I call upon you who live to attain Salvation, I call upon you to love as I love you. And for this I need creatures who desire to attain the benefits of My House, creatures with strong intentions, creatures who are ready to forgive, creatures who desire the inner life beside Me, so that they are not only religious but fully Christocentric, and so that I can give them My benefits, so that they may live, enjoying My Love and fulfilling My Will. Pray my children, pray for France, the fear of its people will continue, terror and hatred give no peace. This nation is suffering right now. The hill of Montmartre will be occupied and my Sacr-Coeur shrine will be trampled, desecrated and then destroyed; I am suffering because of this. Pray my children, pray for the Middle East, the turmoil is getting worse, and my children are suffering mercilessly. Pray, my children, pray for those who do not believe, who do not love me and despise my Mother. Pray my children, pray, the United States is shaking. Pray for Chile and Ecuador, the earth is shaking strongly. My beloved people, my Mercy warns you, you must live closer to me, entrust yourselves to my most holy Mother, ask for the company of my Archangels and angels who accompany you. Do not continue to live alone. The Antichrist is preparing his silent coming. My people are suffering, they are being purified, and this beggar of love is warning you and calling you to come to Me. My beloved people, listen to the explanations of My Word. I bless you with the gifts of my Merciful Love. I do not want you to be lost. My Mercy is poured out upon mankind, everyone either accepts it, as is My Will, or ignores it, as Satan wants. My love is for each of you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 29 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Heart is filled with Love for My children. Each and every human creature who continually preserves Me in their lives is that treasure for which My sacrifice is continually perpetuated. I do not turn away from any of my children. At this moment, I am closer to all of them to accept conversion in a radical way. You must not be lukewarm, but at this time less so than at others. Beloved ones, in describing the time to come for you, I am pained to see the developments for humanity. Evil will accelerate in the last moments of this moment, and the action of evil will be greater to keep my people away from my side, confusing them everywhere and in all areas where it can affect human life and the environment in which each person finds himself, social, political, educational, religious and economic. My children will find their faith weakened by the constant 'for' and 'against' of all worldliness, which will take total control of the means of communication, thus imposing a constant 'for' and 'against' of ideas, styles, tastes and thoughts, trapped by anything that is contrary to My Will. Evil will weigh more and more, and good will be less known. The impact of evil on man will lead to man considering evil as something natural and therefore not detecting this evil, because the devil has crushed the conscience in man so that he will not be able to distinguish, which would lead him to lose Eternal Life. Not all people will give themselves over to evil, but those who are strangers to my Love will be so many that they will not want to know about my temples, nor about my images, nor about my Words. Therefore, the one who wants to remain close to Me will almost have to love Me in secret. Therefore, I strongly urge you to come into yourselves and meet me, because now you should grow spiritually! Otherwise, you will not learn how to grow in the midst of the great persecutions to which you will be constantly subjected by the forces of evil. Man's law will not respect God's law. Man will become even more proud, conceited, and will fill himself with falsehood in order to persist in lust, until he finds himself drunk with evil, seeing good as evil, and what is evil and indecent as good. I see my children dressed strangely, men dress like women, and women use men's clothing; they have lost modesty and do not know what shame is. This is a humanity that has gradually regressed in values and common sense; it is no wonder that a crisis is emerging in it. Humanity will learn that the devil has power over the highest positions in the world, great thinkers tell humanity not to listen to me, great scientists have given dangerous weapons to the superpowers to use and intervene, threatening to destroy a large part of humanity, thus entering into an escalation of tensions that will end in the use of weapons that will reduce the population of the world. You will look at each other and will not recognize each other. Each person will look like a leper, the skin will be reduced to nothing, and pain and crying will creep over the ground due to the constant stream of poisonous air. At this moment, the Heart of Man is like a stone. I grieve that the full message that my Mother gave at Fatima has not been made known, because it is so painful, but so true, that if my children knew about it, it would change man and his destiny. In the face of man's repeated disobedience, disaster, plunder, destruction, anguish, terror and famine will come everywhere. Those few who do not fall victim to this, let them lift their eyes to Heaven and pray, remaining focused on Me, or else the evil one will take possession of them, for the evil one is constantly introducing conflicts among Mine, sowing discord, planning in the minutest detail to thwart some good action of My people. My people, pride will come and take over all nations, the most powerful will use force to fight the less powerful nations, the earth will tremble, hell will rejoice, seeing my children take their lives like animals. Man won't want to know about it, or anything that would make him sleepy; therefore, it is easier for evil to enter and do what it wants with my children. Man's stupidity causes him to fall and cripple himself. Friendly nations will be great enemies, they will rise up against each other, doing evil without remorse. Children, know that the war has begun and that it will be slow. But the spiritual warfare that evil has infiltrated the Heart of man will cause him to forget that he is My child, and mankind will ignite a desire to attack one another, as evil has poured out its wrath on the entire earth, so that love will be banished from Hearts. The great mistake of this generation will touch what is mine. Luxury and personal convenience combined with a lack of faith have entered the very heart of Christianity. How forgotten my Church has become; how I am constantly desecrated! And the eyes of the curious celebrate this out of ignorance, in the constant perpetuation of anti-Christian ideologies supported by the Masonic hordes that hold power. My people, I miss you, you are so far from me that the habit of evil has caused you to forget me. I am the God of Mercy, but out of love I must allow man to continue his free will, doing what will lead him to the greatest pain ever suffered by mankind. You must purify yourselves to be able to recognize Me again. Pray children, pray for man to repent. Pray children, pray for the United States, pride is returning against them, nature will make them suffer. Pray children, pray for North Korea, pride will lead it to sorrow. Pray children, pray for France and Italy, nature will surprise them. My people, you will live on earth, but the latter will lament even more over fallen humanity and will shake constantly. My beloved people, stay with me, even though they look at you with dislike, even though they call you crazy, abide against the current of the world, abide as that holy remnant of mine that loves me as its brothers do not love me.... Be more spiritual, be more spiritual, do not abide in the rags of the past, be children renewed in the spirit of truth. 'Heaven and earth will pass away, but my Words will not pass away. I bless you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 03 2017 - Mother of God
I waited for our Mother's word and reflected on the variety of thoughts carried by every human being, and how much of what is carried in her coincides with what should be our priority, because it is truth and life. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'daughter, were you waiting for me? Luz de Maria: 'yes, Mother. She is so beautiful, she delights me with her golden robe, intricately embroidered with white details, and her veil does not look like a fabric, but like a ray of sunshine that covers her from her head almost to her feet; she is so pure that this purity magnifies her beauty.... Blessed Virgin Mary: 'Beloved, in this month which you are dedicating to my Motherhood, my desire is that you keep the peace, because I will be strongly attacked by those who do not love me, as a gesture offensive to my Son. My children must send blessings; I will grant graces to those who act in obedience to my Son. Darkness has taken over the minds of creatures and saturated their Hearts with darkness. I call upon sinners to repentance, but they remain hardened and stubborn in their sins; they scoff at my requests, and with all the more delight join themselves to that which is sinful. Luz de Maria: 'Mother, how can we make reparation to Your Sacred Hearts for so much pain? Blessed Virgin Mary: 'Beloved, by acting and working in goodness, being bearers of peace and testifying to the presence of my Son in you. How great is the responsibility of those who know about my Son and me, who know about the calls made to humanity! It is a blessing and at the same time a great responsibility; you must not be like those who do not know us, you must not allow evil to take possession of you for a moment, to be a cause of pain for your brothers and sisters or a reason for stumbling. My children, I have called you to be helpers of good on the difficult path of your brothers and sisters who have immersed themselves in the worldly. Beloved ones, man's lack of control over his emotions is due to the fragility with which man treats what happens to him in every way. Remaining indifferent on the spiritual path causes weakness in all spheres of man, and thus he has become easy prey for evil. The action of evil has not remained passive, on the contrary, it acts quickly, and the people of my Son, living in the rush of the moment, do not think, do not turn inward, but live externally, among other things, along with social unrest. Children, you must embrace the novelty of this moment, in which the Holy Spirit is calling you to be more spiritual, to maintain unity with my Son. The spiritual person does not separate his interior from the exterior, from his relations with his neighbors, but his brother enters the spirituality that this person lives internally, in order to participate in this work and action in total intimacy with my Son. The inner man, the spiritual man, is the one who invites his neighbors to walk with him; he does not exclude, but wants to include everyone in this renewal he experiences, in this constant happiness, not because he does not suffer, but because everything is a cause for offering, and therefore for joy. It is what is inside a person - joyful and full of God's light - that is transferred to his exterior and to everything around him, the action of the Holy Spirit in him and towards his fellow human beings. Beloved children, at this moment everyone wants to justify his work and action; therefore, everyone gives personal meaning to the truth. Whimsical meaning to justify what they do not know, what they do not know, and to justify promiscuity without listening to their own conscience. So many think they are learned because they know about a subject, but they are not aware that to believe is not the same as knowing everything, having the last word or the greatest knowledge. Beloved children, be spiritual, seek my Son, desire Him, be united with Him. My beloved ones, you know that great sacrileges against the Eucharist occur, not only in secret, but also in public, and my children allow them to pass unnoticed because of their lack of deepening in truth. So many consecrated hosts have been taken by Satan's followers to show their contempt for my Son in the Holy Eucharist and commit sacrilege! So many hands extended to receive my Son in the Eucharist with hearts full of reproach and ingratitude for not loving Him! Disrespect for my Son is widespread in the churches and is viewed with great indifference by those who have the duty to protect Him. Beloved ones, I have called upon you on so many occasions, and I have outlined in minute detail what will happen so that you can prepare spiritually and in what is a prime necessity. Some misunderstand this and are terrified, others accept it with indifference and say that it will not happen, still others scoff at my Words and say that what I foretell has already passed. This is not the case, my Word is for this moment, as it is for anyone who desires to unite with my Son and makes the effort; let them be determined and humble enough to pray for God's help, they will receive the necessary grace. As Mother, I take you by the hand and do not push you aside, but take you with me on the road, if the effort is continuous and not intermittent. Pray, my children, pray for Hawaii, they will be surprised by the fire. Pray, my children, pray for England, for it will suffer unexpected pain. Pray, my children, pray for Chile, it will shake. Pray, my children, pray, the war walks steadily, false peace agreements will not survive. Beloved ones, I love all people so much that I leave no one alone. He who asks for my help will receive it without delay. I am the Advocate of people before the Holy Trinity. Ask, children, and I will be the Advocate for the one who asks me. Do not despair, children, work and good action are protection for you in the face of evil. Pray, be active to testify before your brothers and sisters about what you carry within you. My daughter, let my children not despair, this is a lack of faith. Tell them that they are children of the King and therefore possess the will to forsake sin and receive the blessing of forgiveness of sins and a firm goal of improvement. Tell them that I am the Mother of all mankind and I am waiting for everyone. My beloved children, do not wait for the moment to pass, be lovers of my Son in the Eucharist. At this moment, humanity is in greater turmoil, it is fertile ground for evil to operate with ease. Do not be distracted, focus on the One who is the center of human life, God, who is one and three. No one is abandoned by the Divine Hand, no one. Hurry up and enter our Sacred Hearts. Come, children, those who are helpless, those who are hungry, those who have no hand to receive them, those who believe they are not loved by my Son, the humble, come children, come to this Mother who loves you and will not leave any of her children abandoned. I bless you from my Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 05 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children, my Blessing bears abundant fruit when my children receive it with a ready Heart and in thanksgiving. The people of my Son should carry the Cross together with my Son and in this way make reparation, share, unite with my Son's self-giving, because in total surrender nothing can take away this unity. And this is what I come to call you to do, to be one with the Holy Trinity.... So that you can return to the right path; it is never too late for a repentant child. I come to invite you to begin a new life, filled with the true love that my Son offers you. In your daily life you are aware that every work, every action is done by each one individually, and you do not invite my Son to do the works and actions together with you. From this separation between the divine and the human in which man lives, it follows that ignorance has caused humanity to stagnate, so that you believe that God is distant and that to find Him you must look outside of yourself. It is because of this that my children wander and choose paths that seem to lead them to deeper spirituality, but which, on the contrary, lead them to get closer to false idols, false beliefs and actions outside of what my Son allows. Humanity is living in constant change, it's just that at the moment these changes are so constant that you don't notice them and sink into wrong behavior. Individualism is what is most normal for this generation and is on the rise. The good of one is the good of one, and the evil of another is the evil of another; you think that nothing concerns you, that everything is very personal and that you should strive for people's egos. This, my children, breeds pride. When you do not share, when your brother's joy is not experienced as your own, when there are rivalries and brothers who with sharp tongues attack those who are on the bottom, my children, this is pride. Pride does violence to creation because it makes it insensitive, deprives it of love, compassion, mercy, forgiveness and causes the proud to become ignorant of the mandate of the First Commandment. Humanity is in a state of constant change; the human mind receives influences from everything around it, influencing its psyche and external influence through fashion, through music, cinema, video games and abused technologies. In addition, just as the earth undergoes changes, changes in the sun and moon reach the earth, and the human body is not prepared to receive high levels of geomagnetic emanations and small particles from the atmosphere and sun. This causes changes in the normal rhythm of the organs of the human body, in its work and activity, increasing the possibility of disease. Man is a receiver and transmitter of good or evil; evil causes changes in man himself, and he emits these changes to the universe, just as good reproduces itself indefinitely. I regret that at the moment the evil is greater than the good. In particular months, when solar activity coincides with certain phases of the moon, major changes occur on earth, causing earthquakes, some of great intensity. And man thinks he is the master of his life, so what he does is not related to the rest of the universe, but to his ego. So many of my children are waiting for some sign to obey my calls! Children, I am that sign, urged on by the moment in which you are living, urged on by the disregard of my calls, urged on by the disobedience of some of my priests, urged on by the fact that man says: 'it has already happened and here we are' ... But this is not the case, my beloved ones! There have been serious events before, but from one country to another you had time to help each other. What is coming is a moment of moments when there will be grief, sorrow and everyone will feel that they are alone in the world. It will be a moment of pain and confrontation between man and good or evil. Therefore, do not be like the Pharisees, do not pray to be seen, do not receive my Son in the Eucharist for the sake of appearances, because whoever receives my Son aware of the sin in which he lives, forges his own condemnation. I have seen knees bruised, knees with traces of mortification, but it is all empty, because you have not prayed conscious of what you express in prayer, you do not live what you express in language, you are not authentic, you are not witnesses to the truth of my Son. I see empty prayers, with no feelings, repeating themselves, because your thoughts are far from what you say. I see empty hearts repeating what they have learned by heart, so I insist on the urgent need to awaken the conscience in man, so that he may strengthen his faith and penetrate into himself, where my Son is. It is urgent that you realize that you have a soul, and that without it the body would not be a body, because the soul gives life. It is urgent that you realize that you have a spirit, and that you should live in constant correspondence of love to the Blessed Trinity. It is urgent for man to realize that he cannot walk alone and must save his soul in order to achieve Salvation and not lose Eternal Life. Beloved children, man must possess a special quality without which he cannot do anything good, cannot act and cannot do anything good without this special quality. And it is this quality that the evil oppressor has attacked so that it disappears from man, this quality is love.... Without it, man cannot demand anything, because man is the product of love. Without love, man will not be able to develop his abilities or senses; everything that is right and good is born out of love. Children, do you know about the love of the Holy Trinity? love is the greatest thing that man has been endowed with and is what man despises most. Evil wants to confuse mankind, leading it to stubborn behavior until the human creature becomes completely unrecognizable in its actions and work. Beloved children, a true Christian is one who testifies to the presence of my Son in him, being love in practice. Children, do you want to be free? Be love, and there you will find true freedom, when works and deeds flow unhindered, because they come from that source that flows with milk and honey, the source of true love, God's Love. Man is so unaware of the importance of entering into Divine Love and feeding on it for spiritual growth and possession of love! Beloved, mankind looks outside; you should look inside people, and this can be seen in their works and deeds, in how they love. Look for what is inside people, and you will be able to recognize the divine presence or lack thereof in your brothers and sisters. But in order to do this, you must first purify yourselves and give up what is most painful to you, because you do not yet fully trust my Son. A creature without love is an empty creature, it does not know itself, it does not recognize itself as a child of God, it will always lack something, because nothing will satisfy it. My children, I call upon you to stop and think carefully about the responsibility of being children of God. My children, look up without a word and with all the love you have, ask for God's protection. Do not forget to pray the Holy Rosary; the Eternal Father has granted me abundant graces for those who are zealous children who do not forget the Holy Rosary. Unite yourselves, understand one another, be in solidarity. My beloved ones, humanity is facing slaughter; be forewarned, do not forget spirituality, do not forget to prepare yourselves. Pray, my children, pray for Chile, this country will suffer. Pray, my children, pray, in the ocean you will find what man has never imagined. Pray, my children, pray and prepare for the Warning. Pray, my children, pray for Jamaica, my children will be surprised by the water. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not be like those who do not know the Divine Word. Therefore, you should not disregard it. Evil exists, but do not forget that good is greater and that you achieve it by looking to my Son and repenting of your evil deeds, and He will forgive you. Do not follow the innovations of evil, do not let yourselves be contaminated, be creatures of love and good habits. The moment is getting shorter and shorter. Come to me, I will lead you towards my Son. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 13 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, as Mother of all mankind, I seek souls to lead them to my beloved Son. People of my Son, you should focus on the depth of every word that my Son has left you in the Holy Scriptures and set yourselves to obey Heaven's requests. Beloved children, how often have I called upon you to fulfill in your lives, as in the explanation of the word, what by God's command a true Christian should carry out for the good of his soul and the destiny of mankind! Evil has not been eradicated from the face of the earth, it is at this very moment that evil is fiercely pursuing my children. Lack of love does not come from God ... Anger does not come from God ... Rebellion does not come from God ... Be wiser and see that evil makes you react against that which constitutes greater spirituality and greater holiness in man. My beloved ones, at this moment the peace of mankind is hanging by a thread, that thread being the human will of those who have earthly power, forgetting that it is very limited. Man voluntarily forgets that the authority over all power belongs to God, and not to any man. You neglect love for God and neighbor ... I see so many of my children over whom I deeply grieve; they are not only disobedient, but arrogant, and arrogance blinds their senses and hardens their hearts, so much so that I see how difficult it is for them to love themselves. Children of my Immaculate Heart, evil is growing all over the world, and this is a sign of the imminent public incursion of the antichrist on the stage of humanity. The antichrist breeds evil, feeds on evil and pride, everything that is contrary to God's will, and if my children go against God's Love, they participate in expanding the reach of the antichrist. Beloved, a man of God is any human being who testifies to God with his life, who does God's will, and who at some point in his life returns to God with a contrite heart and a firm intention to improve. Therefore, the people of God continue to grow, will continue to grow, and I will always appeal to each person's conscience to return to the path of truth and life, hence my calls to be vigilant against each other. Evil penetrates people so that these same people will cause darkness to penetrate the Church of my Son. You must discern and recognize evil and its action against the conduct, habits, practices, love, hope, and above all against the faith of each of those who are mine. I warn you as a Mother. The child of God fights the spirits that are sent by the devil to attack and slander you. The enemy of souls rejoices in the gullibility of my children, creating negative reactions against God's prophets in order to minimize the word that is explained to mankind. Children of my Immaculate Heart how many falsehoods among this generation! How much falsity there is in the denial of the antichrist, his sojourn on earth and the way he slips in, inciting war, undermining the Church of my Son and attacking tools to keep a wide field of maneuvering that is constantly expanding, gaining dominion over people, over what man has created - not over mountains, but over people to destroy each other, leading them away from God! Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the antichrist has gained strength through his actions in powerful circles of the world, where he is recognized. For him, it is extremely important to sow discord in mankind and to minimize my calls, to diminish the content of those calls of my Son, my Words and my intercession. The antichrist is not diminishing, but growing through great conspiracies, through lies and commitments to which powerful groups in the world have voluntarily joined, for the establishment of a single government that will persecute the people of my Son in order to seize what is God's property. Beloved children, the antichrist is not a fairy tale to create fear in you, he is a reality that lives on earth, launching his tricks from the summits of global society to dominate humanity. The Antichrist has power right now, and that power will grow until he reaches all of humanity and makes it suffer the cruelest of oppressions. You, my children, know my Son and His real presence in the Eucharist; you know my Son's love for His people, you know God's Mercy, at this moment do not set aside the graces you are counting on to return to the path of Salvation of the soul through the gift of love. On this memorial, I wish you, who take these calls of mine to heart, to be steadfast in your good intentions and in the actions you need to change, to revive in you the strength of the Holy Spirit and understand that you must understand the signs and signals of this moment. My maternal love tells me to guide you and to be an Advocate for all people, if you ask me to do so. Pray the Holy Rosary, do not recite it, pray the Holy Rosary, pray the Holy Rosary with devotion, concentration and meditation, and in each mystery stop and offer it for yourselves, the mystical body of the Church, for all those who, clinging to falsehood, want to diminish the presence of my Son as the center of His Church. Pray, my children, pray for those who do not love and wait for my Son. Pray, my children, pray that you will not succumb to the wiles of evil. Pray, my children, pray that my Angel of Peace will be heard at his arrival. My children, pray, mankind will be surprised by the power of the might of the great nations that will confront each other, and with this man will suffer. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not forget that science used for good is a blessing, and used for evil, given man's dependence on it, paralyzes the world and plunges it into darkness from one moment to the next. Beloved children, do not rise up against one another, unite with Divine Love in your hands and unite, unite, children, those who in one way or another hold in their hands the power and destiny of the nations. Do not oppose or despise those who have attained recognition in the world; on the contrary, unite yourselves with those among my children whom you think will not attain greater knowledge, but whom the house of my Son has called to be His voice at this time. Unite, people of my Son, all of you, unite and not only create a wall, but already take action against the tentacles of evil, so that it will not succeed in its ultimate task against my children. I bless you and ask you to approach my Son with a heart full of sincerity, so that with his mercy he may accept you and that you may remain in him as children of the King of kings and Lord of lords, which you are. My Immaculate Heart will triumph.... And you remain in My Heart, My faithful children. I bless you, I love you, I protect you. Like the Morning Star, so I illuminate the path of my children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 17 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you with My Love. My people, where are you? I speak to you, and you do not listen to Me ... I call to you, and you do not answer .... I plead with you, and you do not listen and do not take my words with due seriousness .... At this time it is necessary for my children to grow and penetrate my love, so that when you are love, it will not be easy for evil to make you puppets and cause evil. My people, you have not understood the urgency of inner growth so that you can meet Me and unite with Me. All the time you are held back by this human ego, with which you do not stop flaunting and constantly boasting. You know everything, you can do everything, you leave everything aside to continue to be yourself, to be 'ego'! Your tastes or preferences may not be in line with my teachings, with the behavior of a true child of mine, but I don't stop, and you can't stop in your journey towards me, you can't stop and think that you already have everything to reach me. A person's spiritual development does not end until he or she sets out for My House. Some of my people are conceited, egotistical, arrogant, accusatory, unforgiving, impose their own point of view, do not accept the thinking and understanding of their other brothers and sisters in my affairs, constantly point out the faults of their brothers and sisters, not knowing that the fault they point out is the one they have the most. This, my people, is so common in you that it grieves me to see you walking around in the same rags you have always worn. The quarrels are not only those you see in public among my children, but those that everyone carries within himself and in an instant externalizes in a harsh way when he attacks his brothers, without even stopping for a second to think about the harm he is doing to himself. I have entrusted missions to some of my instruments, and this mission that I have given through the clarification of my Word is not reckless, but it is for my people to grow, because I cannot just lead you to prayer or just call you to accept me, without a true inner transformation, so that faith is born in you, accepted and true. My beloved people, you need practice, the practice of my Love for your brothers and sisters. He who is like a whip, like an abuser of his brother, is not real, he pretends to be among Mine.... Peace is the sign of those who walk toward me ... Respect for one's neighbor is the sign of one who walks toward me ... Lack of trust is the sign of one who is not truly my child, but is lukewarm and needs to engage in the moment, because these attachments do not allow you to grow, they are a constant obstacle .... my beloved people, I do not come to explain my Word, so that you read it and do not practice it, being the same unbelievers, fools, ignorant and arrogant as those who cause me suffering. Every request I make is a command to you, a command to grow and be more spiritual and less sinful. Spiritual growth keeps you away from sin and what is evil. I have to prepare you to walk on My Way, you cannot take shortcuts as you wish, you must walk according to My Will. Spiritual growth increases faith in creation, and my children must grow to overcome what imprisons them. Most people voluntarily attach themselves to what is worldly, to their lifestyles, to their tastes and pleasures, they do not trust me, they do not believe in me, they do not submit to my Will, and some have defied me because of the terrible attachments they have. Attachments that dominate the mind and believe that without them they will not be able to live. My people, this generation rebels against me every moment, so it will not be easy for you to live, because you will have to live with the events that are coming up, how will one who lives in wealth live from one moment to the next? How will the one who lives focused on his economy live from one moment to the next? How will the one who is accustomed to satisfying his 'ego' and his whims live? How will the one who is accustomed to commanding live? How will he live who has not obeyed me? My people, you will not have the comforts of this moment.... Nothing! Security will be in faith in my help and in the help of my Mother along with your brothers on the journey. You will not be able to have your whims at this moment, you will become equal, the one who has and the one who has nothing, and at this moment security will be in me, and whoever is not ready to obey will not be able to endure this condition. My people, the moment is no longer a moment, it becomes short, and you go on as if nothing has changed. Great diseases spread rapidly, and when they become known by the medical media, unable to hide them anymore, what my Mother has revealed to you for some diseases will stop them, but in the midst of all this you need the faith of creation. Children, how many of you do not achieve greater spirituality, because you constantly deny your inner transformation! A person may have gone through his life with a certain character, with a particular way of being, with very personal requirements and preferences.... But this is the moment of change, transformation, healing and a special form of my help. Children, you are beings with free will, you are aware of your actions, you can reason over your actions or works, you have mind and consciousness; use these gifts for growth, not regression. The human self is part of consciousness, that's why it's so important for you to know yourself, so that you can decide to change for the sake of yourself and those around you. This generation feels that they are self-sufficient with current technology and have immersed themselves in using modern artifacts, unwilling to believe that they consume them immediately, prevent you from being brotherly and willing to change, and lead you to violence and dependence. How many of you forget about me, not thinking that even with all the modern innovations you are equal to other generations who have lost themselves like this generation due to lack of striving to know me! You cannot do anything by yourselves, you need me to remain in you, just as I dwell in each of my children. At the moment you are separating me from you, hence the deep schism you are creating, which you are hindering this uninterrupted dialogue that should exist between us. You have a human purpose in life ... And I call you to this divine one, which has no end, my people, I facilitate our meeting, but you resist in this moment of human existence of such importance, of such loftiness. You must not remain the same, you must not make the same mistakes of the past, you must no longer wear the rags of bad habits learned in your family or approved by yourselves. No human being has the power to defile his brother or keep him in constant torment. Children, the human creature should accept my action and work so that your human ego does not rise up against your brothers and sisters. My people, the suffering of my Church is not something distant; it will be severely purified, and you, the mystical body, are in my Church, so you must be better every moment. Do not give up, continue to unite in my Will. You are not abandoned by Me, each person is special and irreplaceable to Me. My beloved people, the sun is shedding its harmful emanations and you will suffer. The arms race of nations will find its raison d'etre before the eyes of humanity. The wolf in sheep's clothing wants to capture humanity without noticing it, so at the moment it seems to be striving for world peace. Don't be misled, my children, be vigilant in every way. When the economy seems very solid, do not trust it. I see further ahead and you will not live as before; he who has money will be like a beggar, and the beggar will teach him how to live without having. Everyone will need brothers and sisters to protect themselves as Christians in the face of the voracious persecution that will be unleashed with great force against my people. Do not wait for the signs announced by my Mother to change; change must happen now. Reconcile yourselves with me and give thanks that you have been called to live in my Love, from which comes all that man needs. Pray children, pray for France, which is suffering deeply from terrorism. Pray children, pray for the United States, this nation will make my children suffer. Pray children, pray for Ecuador, this nation of mine will witness the awakening of a great volcano. Pray children, pray for the Middle East, humanity will come to the unexpected. My beloved people, pray for My Church, be prudent and engage in transformation into true My children. In the face of human selfishness and arrogance, show faith in me through true inner transformation. I have called on everyone to prepare, because the moment is no longer the moment. But my people are waiting, and when they wake up, it will be doubly difficult for them to come to me, but my Mother's love will not cease, she will continue to intercede for each of you and draw you to my path, where you will never find a closed door. I bless you, my beloved ones. Do not forget that this is a moment for preparation. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 20 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children, I want you to open your spiritual eyes, so that blindness will depart from you. Anyone who does not want to continue to live in evil must have the courage to put aside wrongdoing, bad teachings they have received, ignorance, disrespect, but above all, until my children abandon the arrogance with which they treat the affairs of my Son, they will not grow and therefore will not be able to keep their vision clear guided by the Holy Spirit. This word is God's will for you to awaken from the lethargy in which you have sunk and continue to live comfortably as if nothing is happening. This is how people in Noah's generation acted, nothing moved them, they mocked Noah's words and what he was building in obedience to God. Some were unbelievers, others thought he was crazy or possessed by an evil spirit that drove him to build the ark. This is how the man of this generation walks, asleep to the possession of what he desires, maintaining his security in the god of metal, through which he achieves a 'status' that gives him superiority over the rest of society. You know that what is material will not last forever, nor will it be the cause of eternal security, but like the deaf and dumb, living by false reasoning, you continue to allow yourself to be led into disobedience. Some of my children attend Mass to hear and participate in my Son's meal, pray daily to entrust themselves to God and offer me a few Hail Marys. They say to themselves that they do not harm their neighbor or harm anyone, but they are not spiritual, they are mediocre; renunciation of what is worldly makes them fearful, they believe half-heartedly, they live a 'light life', they believe they obey the Commandments and God, but they do not heed the call, they consume their days in the multifarious activities of their work. And what does their Heart look like? They have forgotten that where the heart is, there is faith. Dear children, my Son is waiting for an answer to His request and for His people to ask Him: 'Thy Kingdom come'. And I ask you: in what Kingdom do you live? In the one that is worldly? Do not allow yourselves to be distracted by the evil one, who keeps his militias on earth, constantly tempting you to distract you with that which will cause you the greatest spiritual harm, so that you become more closed to the occurrence of real events confirmed by the signs of these moments. You, my children, I urge you to be vigilant, you have been deceived into believing that you are waiting for the Savior, and being deceived, you will accept the antichrist. Mankind is facing war, there will be no order on earth, famine will engulf all mankind, and the antichrist will step in to give my children a supposed peace, false security, and give them food.... And how will those who do not know my Son and refused to listen to these calls react? They will be enslaved by deception and will follow the antichrist, making him a cult of evil. People will worship him because he will offer them immortality, immortality without God, but mankind, foolish and ungrateful, will give in and follow him, not knowing that the desire of evil is to destroy most of the world's population. My children, at the moment the stage is set so that people are walking towards it. Over the centuries, the evil one has accumulated through his evil arts what he needs at this moment; he has fed esotericism, false doctrines, led man to ignorance of the truth, provided you with false security and denial of God. Everything I express to you, children, is true. Each of you must know and recognize my Son, so that you do not fall into evil. Every human being who clings to the arts of darkness, who clings to comfort and excess, every one of you who worships the god of money and seeks to possess it in order to maintain security, every one of you who has lived and committed acts against the Holy Spirit, every one who has lived defaming his brother, every one who wishes evil on his brother, instills in himself, even if he is not aware of it, that part of what he has lived, and genetically passes on this inheritance that is currently awakening in the younger generation. I call on you to break these ties of the past ... I call on you to become new creatures ... I call upon you to overflow with the love of my Son ... I call upon you to be reborn into a new life that will detach you from the inordinate desire for material possessions and embrace the enrichment of your soul, so that you can live in the fullness of those who ask: 'Thy Kingdom come', prepare the Kingdom so that God's Will can be fulfilled on earth as it is in Heaven. You should prepare yourselves at this time so that you can recognize what is not of God. My children, the evil oppressor will have the power to change the laws of nature and in this way he will convince my children and they will submit to him, this is a great and terrible trial for the Church. My beloved ones, you know this, you hear this, you are not unaware of what I have told you; but there is a great difference between knowing and doing, between knowing and recognizing, between knowing and correcting yourself. In 1 Corinthians 15:58: 'Be ye therefore steadfast, unwearied, always perfect in the work of the Lord, for ye know that in the Lord your labor is not in vain'; in 1 Thessalonians 5 Paul concludes his lesson on the coming of Christ with these words: 'let us not therefore fall asleep, as others do, but let us keep watch and be sober'. Beloved children, what would have happened if the apostles had not worked after the resurrection of my Son, if they had not worked for the Kingdom of God, if they had waited without working? Would the Gospel have been known? Would the word have been known? You, who call yourselves followers, lovers, adorers, children, disciples and Christians, are obliged to respond as my Son commands you, and knowing the imminent return of my Son, you are obliged to make the greatest effort at every moment, as if this moment were the last, and it is so, that every moment is God's great gift to each of you. In 1 John 3:2-3: 'Beloved, now we are children of God; what we will be has not yet been revealed. But we know that when He is revealed, we shall be like Him, for we shall see Him as He is. And all who have this hope in Him purify themselves, just as He is pure.' The end of times is coming, sin abounds; as Mother I have kept you from sin, and you do not give thanks, you do not respond.... You see how diseases increase ... You see how anger possesses people ... You see the great protests around the world and you do not believe ... On the contrary, you deny that you have to change, you do not want to be better, you persist in your thoughts and with this negativity that you pass on to your brothers and sisters, you continue to be hypocrites receiving my Son in the Eucharist, without a proper examination of conscience in spirit and truth. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, so much will happen and so many contradictions will arise that those who are not prepared will abandon my Son. My Son's Church will suffer even more and many of my children will abandon it. Denial, sin, contempt, arrogance, lack of love are the great walls that you yourselves erect against God, and He, out of respect for free will, does not breach them, and what happens within these walls? Is God there or not? The path of humility, submission, obedience, fulfillment of the Commandments and renunciation of attachments gives you the mercy of God, and He leads you along the path that distances you from sin. At this time, sins against the Holy Spirit abound. Sins against the Holy Spirit are constantly being committed. My Son has explained the truth to you, He does not deceive you with beautiful ideas, nor does He tell you that this generation obeys Him. Do you know why, children? Because truth is strength for the soul, it is nourishment for the soul, it is freedom for the soul, therefore in these calls Heaven speaks to you with truth. He who loves is free, he knows well that his freedom is in my Son and not in people, therefore he does not feel enslaved. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, a moment is a moment, and in it my Son's love for each of you leads Him to love you and forgive you, to love you and receive you, to love you and guide you. Call upon Him, seek Him, meet Him once again, repent of your mistakes and sins with which you have offended Him, confess your sins and come out clean to meet Him who has never left you. Prepare yourselves and remember the Second Coming of my Son. Pray my children, pray for Spain, this nation will know pain. Pray, my children, pray for Venezuela, the pain will continue until freedom is found. Pray my children, pray, the earth still trembles. Pray my children, pray, do not forget that diseases come out of laboratories; use what I have told you for health. Pray my children, there will be a great disaster at sea. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I am with you, I am your Mother, and the Mother does not abandon her children. My blessing is a balm for the wounds, worries and health of each of you. United, let us adore the King of kings and Lord of lords. I bless you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 24 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Motherly love goes throughout the earth in search of creatures who need to come closer to my Divine Son, and in this way I intercede as Mother for each of these human creatures. I don't want even one soul to perish, everyone must recognize that they need to change in some aspect of life, and they can't do it alone, everyone needs eternal Salvation, everyone needs conversion, everyone needs God's help. You won't achieve any spiritual elevation if you don't first recognize that without God you can't achieve anything. The man who bears good fruit is the one who knows that God sees everything, and who remembers that good work and action are requirements that he must fulfill in order to maintain that relationship that flows between God and man. You cannot give what you do not have. This is why so many disagreements are taking shape right now before your eyes in families, marriages, workplaces, among brothers and sisters, and finally in society in general. When the Heart does not have love, it cannot give what it does not have, and this is where discord enters, because without Divine Love present in every moment, lack of love comes and brings darkness and anger, misunderstandings, discord and other attitudes with which people distance themselves from each other. The man of the moment must cooperate with himself for his own Salvation, but to my sorrow this is not happening. Society has created self-centered beings, beings who are constantly in competition with each other. Man does not want to recognize that he has no help in changing his behavior so that his actions are in line with what Heaven commands. Each of the calls you receive is an almighty love that pours out to those who recognize it. Children, you should not just read the word, you must discern it yourself and ask: 'where am I at fault? What do I need to correct? What should I leave behind because it makes me uncomfortable? You must do what is necessary to change what prevents you from rising, what prevents you from truly giving yourself to conversion. The struggle between good and evil is constant; as long as humanity allows it to pass unnoticed, evil gains. You do not want to abandon the 'ego', which falsely keeps you in an unreal sense of status. Whoever does not surrender to the Blessed Trinity lives in a falsehood that will not make him a better child of God until he looks inward and decides to live by appearances. My Son has not called all of you to live in a monastery, but He is calling all of you to manage to unite so much with Him that everyone lives inwardly dominated by God's love and lives God's Will as in an inner monastery. My Son has called you to be merciful, to forgive, to not be partial to injustice, which is part of preparing His children for what they will experience and what some are already experiencing, persecution, martyrdom.... A disciple of my Son obeys and resists violence because he is a faithful follower of my Son's love. At this time, the persecution of Christians is not hidden and the Church of my Son, nevertheless, knowing that I have already proclaimed it, must raise her voice and pray for those who suffer this present oppression. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the evil one pursues my children, those who strive for unity, precisely because he finds his satisfaction in disunity, and this leads him to grow. Evil cannot destroy the good, and about this you children must be clear, believe it and walk with this certainty. Trials will lead you to greater growth and strengthening if your mind and heart direct your gaze exclusively to the Divine goal, which is to lead you to taste Heaven in advance. Children, you must prepare yourselves to continue on the path of my Son; you cannot do so by crushing your brothers and sisters, nor by imposing your preferences or what you think is right. Those who wish to know my Son must seek Him not only in prayer, but in their understanding, in offering themselves through obedience and devotion for the sake of their brothers and sisters. My beloved ones, I am leading you to respond and make a firm decision to continue to be obedient children who wish to make their lives a way of acting in accordance with the precepts of a true Christian. My children are not those who teach new ways to love God and neighbor. God's law is contained in advance in the Holy Scriptures, so that everyone does not make his own law. You know the word, but you do not take it apart, you do not return to it again and again, you do not put it into practice in your personal life. Children, you are afraid to recognize that you are disobedient to God's call. You accumulate treasures for Earth and not for Heaven, your thoughts about your neighbor are the worst and least appropriate, for you, doubt is not a possibility, but a law that you have accepted and therefore you judge, forgetting that this is how you will be judged. That is why I call on you to repent; you spend your lives expecting more time, without thinking in terms of social obligations or family and work, you do not say: I expect more time. You only make God wait, trusting in His Mercy, and this is great stubbornness, foolishness and disrespect. I have already told you about what is happening to humanity, but you are still wrapped up in yourselves and do not change your priorities. Humanity, being a victim of its own development, will experience the harshness of the oppression of the nations that have prepared to fight the children of God in order to establish a religion where God does not exist, but where free will will will allow each person within this one religion to live according to his own conscience, precisely because man at the moment does not use his conscience, but acts out of imitation and stubbornness. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, some of you are preparing a refuge for times of persecution and oppression.... And your conscience, your thoughts and your Heart, how are they doing? Will you be beings detached and willing to live with your brothers and sisters? Will you have the Heart of my Son to see Him in your brother? In truth, I tell you that man prepares for the material and leaves the spiritual for last, love in the Heart of each person is necessary for coexistence to achieve unity. Beloved children, my Son has called each of you by name, and yet some do not believe in God's mercy and deny God what belongs to Him. These will be the ones who fall with their faces to the ground and mourn their disobedience. Volcanoes are rising, spilling out, and this is where man sees his smallness in the face of the great work of the Heavenly Father. The earth intensifies its tremors, and this is where man cries out to God. The seas will cause unrest in coastal areas, the level of the oceans will rise and man will have to retreat. The seasons will change more, until the sower will not know when to plant, when to prepare the land, in the face of a nature that is out of control. Pray, children, pray for Australia, this nation of mine will suffer. Pray, children, pray, terror causes humanity to suffer too much. Pray, children, pray for Russia, it is not a harbinger of peace, but of lament. Pray, children, pray, because man's manipulation of nature brings scarcity and lack, and you will not be able to cover basic human needs. Water is contaminated with radioactivity at any time. Dear children of my Immaculate Heart, there will come a time when there will be great cold in tropical countries, and where it is usually cold, the heat will make man suffer. Do not disregard my Words, the earth is threatened by a heavenly body, and man continues to eat and drink as if nothing is happening. The moment will come when you will say that the instruments that transmitted the explanation of the Words from on high were authentic. This, my children, is pathetic, rejecting God's mercy is a serious offense. The wheat will not be harvested before the appointed time, but the weeds will be uprooted at God's command. Serious diseases are approaching that will attack the digestive system; use the plant known as Angelica Litvora and use the whole plant in the right way, pregnant women should be careful. An illness is coming that will attack the eyes; use the plant known as Mugwort for this purpose. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be obedient to Divine requests; I remain before each of you, I am your Mother and I love you. On this day when you celebrate my intercession as Mary Help of Christians, entrust yourselves to my Son and let me guide you on the true path. My blessing be with you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 29 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Blessing is in My children, who are the expression of My Love. My Divine Love surpasses all human expectations, my Love is in its fullness. Therefore, my Love is not and will not be understood, nor my calls are not and will not be fully understood. I ask mankind to live in complete union with me, but because I do not give everything, my Word will be misinterpreted according to the convenience of every human being, forgetting that .... 'many will be called, few chosen'. My children strive to have a greater awareness than they had before, this obliges you not to act like those who do not know Me. Not all human beings come to the knowledge of the truth, not all of them delve into My and My Mother's Words in these calls. I call on you to reach the fullness of life united with Me, and for this it takes a courageous decision to put My things before what is of the world. Every human being usually takes My Word according to his own convenience, a form of self-defense that you use to justify behavior that is not in line with what I want from My people. My beloved people, you worship science, and the more it enters the hands of man, the more man submits to its novelties and the more he immerses himself in that which is not comfortable for either the body or the spirit. Right now I see a humanity weakened by technology that completely consumes it, a humanity that puts me second in its life, a humanity that does not put me first, but pushes me away at every moment, because the human ego comes out with great force because of a man who is neither physically nor morally immune to temptation. I give you my Word, and you, instead of accepting it lovingly to be better, accept it to be arrogant, to argue, question and point at your brothers. Which of my children can be the judge of another brother or sister? The one who must justify his actions .... my beloved people, do not neglect my Mother, but on the contrary, be truly aware of who my Mother is and of her special protection towards her children at all times. What stands out in the heart and reasoning of my children is the need to remain united to my Mother, not only to imitate her, but to continue to work under her protection in my flock and thus live practicing the virtues that a Christian should keep hidden. My Mother's fiat makes my Church fruitful, and so my Mother is the Mother of my children. My people must understand and live in this real, active, inward and outward relationship with my Mother and me in order for you to be fruitful. You must grow spiritually to surrender to my Divine Will and live in my work and action, and then entrust yourselves to the One who is full of grace. Not only should my Church as an institution continually give birth to new believers, but my children must carry me in their way of life as a living witness. My Mother is a holy member of my Church, she is the one who is full of grace, and she is an example to all my children of unconditional devotion as well as absolute faith and love. My Mother, eager to obey and to put into practice the Word of God, is the one who communicates to my Church, to my children, the treasures that you possess, the events that man himself has caused through disobedience, and the resolutions that will free you from them. I do not want you to see my Mother as a competitor for my graces, but she is also the distributor of graces so that people can be saved. My Mother is the most exemplary member of holiness and the most privileged member of My Church. My Mother preserves and will preserve her specific mission in my Church; therefore, she invites, calls and gives her word to my children, so that they do not get lost. My Mother is not the adornment of my Church, but is the light that my Father sent to be my Mother and the Mother of my Church. My Mother does not come to compete with her Son, but to lead my children on my path, towards Salvation, by her intercession. My Mother turns to my people to ask you for your personal 'yes'! And to lead you by the hand to Me. My Mother is the Mother of humility and is offended when man puts her above me. This is because man has not understood the true essence of My Mother, the mediator of all graces. My Mother speaks to my children not only at this moment, but for a long time, because for a long time my children have lived more immersed in sin than in obedience to me. Be obedient to my Mother, who calls you out of God's Will and out of love for you who are her children. My Mother speaks to you about sin, about good and evil, and man denies evil, as if my Mother were speaking lies and about what does not exist. My Mother called for the fulfillment of God's Law, and man only calls for my Divine Mercy, seeing that mankind is settling into an unbridled life, where it is evil to live correctly and fulfill the Commandments. Children, my prophets in all moments of human history have been treated as madmen or extremists and beings bringing tragedies. And so it is that man does not see the tragedy of the current society, just as mankind did not see it in the past. Mankind wants to live in this false and erroneous collective bliss of sin, opposing the Word of God. My people, remember that the time of harvest is when the tares are more like wheat, and those who remain far from me and do not know me or say they live close to me without awareness or belief in my teachings are very easily perplexed. Without entering into the knowledge of my Word, you cannot understand me and love the 'why' and 'what for' I call you to work and act within the framework of my work and action. Failure to live in the practice of my Word limits you in your growth, in approaching me with confidence and in fulfilling the requests of my Mother. My people, you must remain confident that the life of a Christian is not just going to Mass or receiving Me without a true conscience and proper preparation. You must know Me in order to love Me and know that in this My great and Infinite Love for each of you, My Justice still beats, preempted by man's free will, bringing him his own pain in life. I am infinitely merciful and I forgive the one who comes repentant and with a strong goal of improvement, but man must confess this repentance and this goal of improvement in order to receive My Mercy, which I do not deny if it is properly asked for. Man cannot continue to eat and drink as if nothing is happening, while mankind keeps Me hidden to commit impure acts and offend Me with every kind of sin. Debauchery does not lead you to me, deeds contrary to God's Law do not lead you to me, separating me from your works and deeds does not lead you to me, but makes you constantly fall into a deep well, where you will find more understanding and greater acceptance from those who refuse to come out of sin. I see how my children mention the antichrist with such ease and present him so naturally that he seems to be a friend of mankind, and those who do not warn against him deny that he can absorb my children and appropriate the goods that you possess in every way, being the only leader before whom the great leaders of the nations will bow. One government that will be the greatest persecutor of those who are mine, one currency to identify my believers, one religion that completely excludes me. The domination of the world by an impostor is agreed to by those who at the moment have the power over mankind to declare wars, to starve countries that do not bring them income, to send diseases on nations that do not suit them. They, who decide the fate of humanity, decree revolutions, revolts, uprisings, the collapse of governments, the collapse of the economy.... And they will continue to do so until my children, facing purification, recognize me as King of kings and Lord of lords. The deceiver, the antichrist, will feed the hungry and give drink to the thirsty with great apparent kindness to enslave them, but when he holds them in his hands, he will be a great oppressor, punisher and persecutor of my children. He will scourge my people, clothe them with purple, and flog them with the greatest pain, of which you are unaware at the moment. This usurper will mislead those who do not know me fully, those whose hearts are not ready, the proud, the learned, who in some cases preach my Word but do not live it, because my teachings go beyond knowing the Holy Word with the heart. My people must be holy and recognize that they must enter into me to become one with our Trinity; only in this way will they achieve the discernment to defend themselves against such terrible evil. This imposter looks with great anger at my Mother, who is full of grace. He knows my Mother's attributes; he knows what my Father endowed her with in order to intercede and protect humanity. This imposter wants to eliminate my Mother's children so that She suffers, because he knows that my Mother will crush him with Divine Will, so he makes you believe that Her messages are invalid, in order to minimize my Mother's place in my nation. Children, you must know and recognize Me, you must discern not to believe everything, but also not to deny everything. For many will come in my name, saying: 'I am the Christ,' and they will lead many astray. And you will hear of wars and rumors of wars; take heed lest you be alarmed, for it must come to pass, but the end has not yet come. For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and there will be famines and earthquakes in various places, and all this will be the beginning of the birth'. An increase in the number of false messiahs, an increase in wars, an increase in famines, plagues and natural disasters .... These events are signs for this generation. Humanity is focused on the material ... my warnings go unnoticed, and my Mother is a cause for derision ... This humanity is degenerating, and my Church is moving away from me .... They do not want to know about my warnings or the Parousia ... They deny the final establishment of the Kingdom of Our Will with My Second Coming. Pray, my children, pray for the Middle East, he is making humanity suffer. Pray my children, pray, the earth is agitated more strongly because of the proximity of the body coming from space. Pray my children, pray, you must make faith last in the face of those who say that religion will remain intact because it will be adulterated. Pray children, pray, at this moment Freemasonry is plotting the fate of humanity. Pray children, France is still suffering from terrorism. England is in pain because of violence. The United States continues in uncertainty, they will know misfortune. My people, disobedience blinds, and denial leads to perdition and to arrogance; do not ignore this beggar of love. I come for my own, for my people ... I do not come alone, I come with my Mother and my legions ... I come with Omnipotence and Majesty ... I come as King and Lord and everything will recognize me, earth, water, air, fire, my children - everything will tremble, because I, your God, come for what is mine. Pray, children, in spirit and truth, not just with your mouth, without words previously lived in your Heart. I love you, you are my people, I bless you, my people. I bless those who strive every day to be better and not to lose themselves. I bless those who truly repent. I love you deeply. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 04 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in the Sacred Heart of my Son and in my Immaculate Heart, each of our children is constantly enlightened and inspired to work and act in accordance with God's will. Man should allow, desire and ask for this inspiration so that the Divine Love of my Son can work in human creation. Once again, I urge you to be love, so that Divine Love may prevail in all things, so that the act of human creation is not just an act that perishes fruitlessly, but that in that act is contained that love which transforms everything and makes every act and work greater and expands. Be one and as children of the Trinity expand God's love, reflect God's love through the Holy Spirit. If a person opens to the work of the Holy Spirit, he achieves reconciliation, liberation, grace and peace to overcome sin, and remember that 'when the Spirit of truth comes, he will introduce you to all truth; for he will not speak from himself, but will speak all that he hears, and will declare to you things to come.' Beloved children, I urge you to go on without stopping, and at every step ask for the gifts of the Holy Spirit, so that poured into your hearts will be a creature open to reconciliation, above all with the Holy Trinity, with yourselves and with your brothers and sisters. Man cannot go without being at peace with God, with himself and with his brothers and sisters. As the Mother of all people, I am concerned for your well-being, leading you to God so that you can be sanctified. I see you putting aside Heaven's requests to fulfill yours first and foremost. Therefore, I urge you at this time to go forward without stopping, to go forward with every intention of being better, and to keep moving toward God, who sees you and does not waste human efforts, but helps you so that you can continue on this path toward holiness. Beloved children, every human creature is different, but all must be the same God's love, the same God's mercy, the same God's goodness, wherever they are, each in his or her condition. Refusal to improve is not appropriate for God's children.... Uncontrolled anger is not appropriate for God's children.... Criticism is not appropriate for God's children .... Lack of love is not the work of God's children ... Resentment is not of God's children ... Jealousy is not of God's children ... Sometimes you allow anger to drive you to states where you are out of touch, speaking words against your brothers and sisters with great emptiness in your hearts. When this happens, you become unrecognizable and have to start over like infants, because the one who gets up without recognizing that he has done wrong is dragging the chains of his wrongdoing behind him, and these rags will continue to pollute him, and immediately this unrecognizable being pops up again, pulling him away from what my child should be. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, wickedness is circulating throughout the earth sowing panic in humanity. Some are aware of it, but a great number of my children are not, and the emptiness from which their brothers suffer becomes evident in the indifference with which they view the events of this moment. They are well aware that this is the moment when evil has decided to keep humanity in a state of unrest, starting with the great powers and then spreading throughout the earth. Those who have power over humanity are responsible for acts of terror in which human lives are lost and my children are kept in great fear. These men and women have decided to continue their persecution of the Church of my Son to reduce its numbers, to the point of closing the temples for fear that my priests and my children will lose their lives. This seems far-fetched to some, but they should open their eyes and look at the reality. This is the plan of Freemasonry, the illuminati, which includes those who hold power over humanity. You should constantly seek my Son within you, who will speak to you and guide you, so that you are not tainted from ignorance. At this time it is important that my children know the truth, the Divine Word, so that they are not led into error or heresy. Turmoil accompanies my children, because the enemy of the soul holds his legions of demons over mankind, so that turmoil, bewilderment and persecution are the main means by which my children depart in fear from their duties as children of my Son. The evil one works in silence, without revealing himself, he works on each of my children, whom he recognizes perfectly. He is showering you with sickness, suffering of soul and body; he is constantly wounding your hearts through your weakest brethren in order to divert you from the path on which my Son holds you and on which my children have persevered. At this time, my children must remain spiritually vigilant against the constant provocations of the enemy of the soul, who has managed to make some more susceptible, while making others hard and insensitive; who holds others to priorities that are not the Will of my Son; who sows discord in homes over the smallest matters; who causes my other children to resent and not forgive; who causes my other children to believe that they are always right with their brothers and sisters; who has led others to a life of spiritual independence, supporting their human egos. The enemy of the soul attacks prayer groups with great fury, so that discord may come, to separate them and put an end to them. In those entrusted with great works by my Son, he has sown spiritual fatigue, and by looking at who is working and who is not, they judge each other. When the work of my Son is being built up, he comes to muddle various human opinions, to overturn what has been erected. Some of my children are conceited and do not accept other opinions or only follow what they think; they have passed from the child stage to adulthood, but they behave like children who find satisfaction when their brothers please them in everything, they say 'yes' to everything. They make their own decisions and do not unite fraternally with their brothers in mission, but follow their own guide and are not one heart with the work, but walk beside it to be seen by others, but cling to their own prayers, their own notions, their own whims and judge according to their own way of thinking. How these children of mine will suffer! The evil one has set out to fight the missions that my Son has entrusted to the faithful instruments of the moment. He does not want the explanation of the Divine Word to be known, bringing sickness upon my children, who give their best to keep the Word from Heaven before mankind, to warn and motivate you in the matter of the Salvation of the soul. He has implanted conceit in some tools, so that they think they know everything, even the slightest whisper about their brothers and about events. To others, he makes them think that only they will be saved, because only those who are at a particular instrument work and function properly. The evil one sows confusion and leads you to admire communist leaders and to use communist signs so that you then easily adopt ideologies contrary to the Divine Will and go astray. Evil knows that it rises with the great support of the powerful economic and political elite, knows that its tentacles have achieved power over the minds of my children, and knows the power it has over humanity through misused technology, in order to distract my children and have them focus on pleasing their senses, which require them to remain in a world of illusion and unreality. The tentacles of evil work stealthily, they have poisoned the youth and the youth are rebelling against the norms of moral, spiritual, educational and social behavior. Young people impose themselves on their parents without respect, impose their judgments, desires, rush towards perdition, pollute their body and organism with all that evil offers them, and these my children unscrupulously take everything that is in front of them. Modesty does not exist, it is past, ancient. How I ache for the conduct in which humanity has plunged! Homes suffer because of this, Mothers and fathers plunge into pleasures, hiding from the family their improper acts and works that destroy and shatter the core of the family. Deceit, falsehood take root in homes, and this causes my Son to be constantly kept in His Sorrowful Passion. Society succumbs to such deception. My children, is this a bad image of this Mother, who wants to move the hearts of her children to convert? Is this unreal, is this the truth that you do not want to see, so that you persist in the clutches of Satan, the Father of lies? Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, mankind suffers at the hands of terrorism, suffers at the hands of man himself, suffers from the constant denial to which you subject my Son in every work and deed contrary to the Will of God. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, wake up and believe! Wake up and change! Wake up and repent! Wake up and return to the path that my Son shows you! Wake up and unite! Wake up and recognize my Son as King of kings and Lord of lords! Humanity, this is the moment to arise and begin a new life at the side of my Son. God's mercy is present at every moment for those who repent from the heart and change their lives. Do not wait for God's justice! The upheaval in which mankind has been plunged is none other than the advance of the antichrist and his followers, who came before mankind to bring chaos. The current state of humanity betrays the proximity of the evil oppressor of humanity. Do not be blind. Wake up! My Son does not hold His people in bondage, but has given them the freedom to choose between good and evil. I call you to the path of good. My Son will send you His Angel of Peace to comfort you, open your understanding and lead you to listen to the divine wish that all people be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth. You must improve yourselves spiritually so that the light of the Holy Spirit will find a place to bear fruit. Pray my children, pray for France, which is suffering from terror. Pray my children, the great powers are the target of terrorism, they are moving towards the tension of war. Pray my children, earthquakes are increasing, and with them changes in the geography of the earth are approaching man. Pray my children, pray, food will be scarce and man will panic. Small countries are rising to distract man from the real convulsion with which war and the enemy of souls is rising. Children, pray with your heart, with your mind, with all your senses. Pray in every work and action you do, pray in every feeling, pray over every intention, pray at every moment. Prayer is not just words, it's not just repeating a prayer, although that's not bad either. This is the moment when you must know that prayer is a continuous act that keeps you in God's Will, even in your gestures. Love one another, see my Son in your brothers and sisters. I keep you in my Immaculate Heart. You are the joy of my Heart when you listen to my requests. My blessing is my own love for my children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 14 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, you are the fruit of God's Love. My word continues to approach each of my children, so that they may reject deception and embrace the truth that endures forever. You children should not live 'in the moment', but must be beings constantly striving to abide in perfect and eternal union with my Son. As the Mother of Humanity, I urge you to be attentive to the signs of the moment and not be like those who despise the word from Heaven. Man is drifting away from God as a result of evil human works and actions, built on a lukewarm life without commitment, filled with deeds and deeds done for the convenience of personal free will. Man's ideas, ways of thinking, and aspirations are not always those which my Son calls you to, yet you are disobedient and each distorts them according to his own convenience. Mankind is dedicated to the careful preparation of a future in which my Son is excluded, and so you live in lukewarmness, guided by what is sinful, without considering what is the Will of God. You have forgotten that I have called you to be attentive to signals, not only those that appear in the sky, but those that are constantly taking place on earth. The sea will be agitated so much that you will almost hear it roar, amidst the confusion of my children, who have rejected all the Warnings given to them. Children, to the extent that you reject conversion, you will be greater admirers of yourselves, how many of my children will succumb under their own pride! How many will bemoan their greed and false piety! Examine yourselves! Most of my children live in lukewarmness, in their 'comfort zone', so that they do not engage as true children of God and do not pursue the spiritual life. Beloved, you do not perceive or see the danger in which you live, or the constant snares of evil lurking to tempt you, or the fact that provocations that are not imaginary become part of the reality of the believer who does not deny his faith. Humanity, you live and will live in a fierce struggle to remain in the 'yes' you promised God. This struggle intensifies every moment. Because of this, God's Law is being disregarded and transgressed because of the evil that is growing not only in society, but also in man himself, rejecting God's Law, God's order, and welcoming the debauchery that is slowly being instilled by the devil himself, so that man detaches himself fearlessly from living in a state of Grace and submits to the abyss under forms of modernism from which God's Will is excluded. Human created hypocrisy causes you to speak out against my revelations, which by divine command I make known to you, so that you will not be surprised in the face of adversity and the necessary purification of this humanity. In great numbers, you meet and will continue to meet brothers who, like stumblers on the road because of their erroneous lives, hold a fixed and heavy Cross on my children, pointing out their deeds and actions in order to bring them to despair and uncertainty, and you thus feel insecure and fall into what is evil. Attention, children, those human beings who stubbornly close their eyes to the calls of Heaven become great despisers of the true tools of the moment, and they do so out of fear of the light that brings the clarification of God's revealed Word to you, and out of fear of my revelations. Nevertheless, do not fear, I intercede for the persecutors of my Son's people, so that they will repent, and by failing to repent they will be overwhelmed by the darkness of their own foolishness in the midst of that humanity which despises correction and welcomes sin. My constant warnings are not in vain, nor are they to keep you in constant expectation out of fear, but they are so that you may prepare yourself and walk righteously in all your works and actions, they are so that you may know what lies behind the constant trials and tribulations of my children. My repeated warnings are a wall that protects you from everything that arises against the people of my Son, against the world and its falsehoods, against the heresies and abominations with which they want to deceive the Church of my Son. You believe that you are the guardians of my Son's people, and yet you are blind, who do not want to see, you do not speak out of fear, the word of some brother surprises you, and you treat the word of my Son as nonsense. How inconsistent you are, children! Humanity, which is idolatrously afraid and how many false gods you find in your way, wake up and do not sleep in the face of such falsity and abominations! Be wise, do not waste this moment on trivial things, but be intelligent and get to know my Son, so that you will not be deceived by ignorance of the truth and thus fall into the foolishness of the proud and be taken like sheep to the slaughter. The earth has faced the greatest dangers in the history of mankind and everything seems a lie to you. You have accepted the dates marking the end of this generation - dates set by humans - and have fallen into terror because of ignorance of the Divine Word. Right now you are repeating what you have heard from other brothers: 'nothing will happen, we have been warned and nothing has been fulfilled'. Hypocrites! You hide behind human errors to persist in the foolishness of the flesh and further pollute your minds, so that with a hardened heart everything is permitted to you. God tries His people to show His faith. Do not reject the word, return seriously to the path that leads to Salvation, being those who fulfill God's Law. Humanity is inside the theater that evil has prepared for you. The tentacles of the evil one are working incessantly, and the people of my Son live in constant expectation, setting aside reconciliation with my Son, and thus eternal Salvation. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, evil does not sleep, as soon as a person is not careful, it fiercely spreads, not only to tempt, but to destroy him. Be mature people who know the Divine Truth, and correct yourselves without wasting a moment. The Earth is threatened by a celestial body, the people of science know it, and humanity does not know it, the rulers of the superpowers know it, and they do not do it. It would be good for humanity to be aware of these threats that hang over the earth. Water wants to cleanse the earth, fire will be greater insofar as temperatures are extreme, the air will bring with it particles unknown to coastal residents. Wickedness increases and gains strength as my children become weaker and are more lukewarm than lukewarm. Persecution and confusion in the nations increases like a plague passing through the nations. My children are not loved, they are rejected and killed for being Christians and living, trying to be better in every moment of their lives, living a holy life. Holiness is hated by the devil and his followers, so those who follow Satan tear down the images of my Son and commit sacrilege, scourging and killing my priests; goodness is the light that tells the people of my Son that evil will not overcome goodness. I grieve that the minds of so many young people are saturated with the filth they have given in to follow what they call 'modernism', and their minds and hearts are devoid of my Son, values, morality and respect. Pray children, pray for Argentina, she will cry. Pray children, pray for Venezuela, this nation will not be at peace. Pray children, pray for Finland, it will cause fear for humanity. Pray children, volcanoes are wreaking havoc all over the earth. Pray children for yourselves, that you will come to the knowledge of the truth and be faithful children of the Holy Trinity. God's mercy is not exhausted, and He will send His Angel of Peace to lovingly lift up the downtrodden and renew their strength, so that my Son's people may be enlightened. Do not lose your peace, my children, be beings of peace. I love you, I bless you. With love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 17 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I call upon you to continue to open the way in the jungle of disordered appetites, which are abundant in humanity at this time. My people relate to my calls disinterestedly, because they do not read or do not want to understand what I say to them, sometimes resolutely, lest they forsake me or feel that by participating and receiving me in the Eucharist on Sunday.... They are already obedient. Man has grown up looking for me, but not in himself, but deviating to other paths that cause him to fall into the clutches of Satan. Mankind, drowned out by its own desire to perfect itself, blinded by its constant striving to move forward, has disregarded creation. At this moment, man's suffering is joined by aggression against what surrounds him. To the extent that man has attacked himself, destroying everything around him, he has minimized the protection of creation over all of humanity. I call you to inner transformation; you read this, but you do not value it, not loving me - on the contrary, you react against spiritual union with my House and spiritual growth. My beloved people, you know that the enemy of the soul devours love in man. You are foolish, I call you to spiritual growth, to overcome your weakness and not to be easy prey for the devil, and you react and act completely contrary to what I demand of you. This is human foolishness, the reaction of one who is not converted and convinced, who has not decided to give up everything for me, but on the contrary, continues in constant struggle against me. This generation takes My Words according to its own convenience, in order to distance itself from Me. It gives my Law its own meaning in order to transgress it in light of the total debauchery in which man lives. The times of Sodom and Gomorrah were not like this. This generation has surpassed them, because mankind lives in the moment and demands answers it does not deserve. Moments pass without you thinking about how your life is going, and you do not find peace, and this is because you are not satisfied with anything or anyone. A person grows without knowing me, initiative is not needed, not even that to look for me. I see so many of my children who participate in prayer groups, help in services, mention that they belong to a group, but they are so empty that they do not realize what I give them. The reaction of a large number of my children is pride in my calls. My people, it is necessary for you to look within yourselves, for constant rebellion poisons a person until it leads him to remain in the loneliness of his own shame. My beloved people, 'not by bread alone does man live.' You feed on everything that falls into your hands, and without knowing me, you question me. The demon holds each of its tentacles over a certain sector of humanity. Each tentacle of evil has been designated to constantly attack my children, depending on the ability and quality of each person. Our house protects you, but mankind rejects God's protection and continues to live in his 'ego', his personality, because for man the slightest change is a sign of weakness. I am not a God attuned to the whims of each of my children, 'I am who I am,' and my people have been called to live in fulfillment of our Will. My people, evil feeds the proud, the dishonest, the jealous, the rebellious, the treacherous, those who do not allow themselves to be courted, those who do not love and therefore their lives are full of lukewarmness in every way. You are waiting... What are you waiting for? What has been revealed will be fulfilled, mankind has not responded and is in a purification that will increase every moment. My rebellious people! From our House will come divine help, like manna for My afflicted children. My Angel of Peace is the herald of My Word and will help those who are Mine. He, united with my Mother, will be a refuge for my own. The earth, my children, will be transformed by nature, which man has altered and managed to pollute so much that it has been weakened and, becoming weak, is crumbling in some places. Man will have to emigrate, leaving behind the comfort in which he finds himself. Anti-Christianity is one of the great signs for you, and you do not see it. The specter of war has been unmasked, you live in war, and you do not see it.... You live in the midst of the hatred of one for another, and you do not see it.... You are stiff-necked beings, and you don't see it that way ... You are not changed, you are not transformed because of pride, and you do not see it that way ... Rome, without noticing it, is surrounded by those who rebel against me. Rome will suffer at the hands of terror, and its land will be stained red. Evil feeds on anger, man allows anger to make him unrecognizable. Children, Satan is using some of those who have been my servants to mislead you and put you on the wrong path, leading to the abyss. Discern ... You continue to live in spiritual poverty, subsisting on crumbs, being children of the King, because of the constant denial you are in, because of the constant rebellion you are in, because of the restriction you have voluntarily subjected yourselves to.... You know My Word and deny the explanations of My Word. You live in a fleeting moment ... And you are not ready to convert! The warning announced by my Mother is close to you, and my pain is infinite because of the state of souls who refuse to convert. You must take radical changes, serious, decisive, you must stop being mediocre and lukewarm. My Church must be Salvation, not doom. If you do not decide to transform yourselves internally and be a witness for me, what good is knowledge? Knowledge without practice is a candle without light. My beloved people, hitherto unknown atmospheric changes will astonish science. Man does not know what he has provoked, changing creation. Pray, my children, pray for Russia, she will suffer because of nature. Her people will suffer because of terrorism. Pray, my children, pray for Canada, it will be greatly shaken. Pray children, pray, the earth continues to shake and surprise those who do not expect it. Volcanoes are increasing their fury, and great volcanoes are spreading the news. My beloved people, you have gone from immorality to total abandonment, and this is increasing without measure, offending and transgressing my Law. You do not look at the light of my Truth, you condemn yourselves without the slightest qualms. You reject the sense of effort, therefore you have rejected Me. You are not grateful for what you have, but despise it. The time will come when the enemy of humanity will disconnect you from your possessions, and you will regret it, because you were late in helping the needy and the hungry. My people, you do not walk, but are led by the current of the world, therefore you do not stop and change direction. The great cities are full of evil and perdition, and you, my children, do not approach evil. You do not own Salvation, you must be worthy of it. You do not own Salvation, but you must obtain it. Come to me, children. Come to Me, do not be rebellious. I bless you, I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 21 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Love constantly protects each of my children. As a Woman clothed with the sun, I come at this moment to open the eyes of those who refuse to see the truth of this moment. Evil has taken possession of the people of my Son, who have unscrupulously given in to the suggestive word: 'pleasure'.... Evil does not stop deceiving man, and he surrenders unreservedly to the deceptions with which he has dragged previous generations. My children are persecuted without mercy; this persecution spreads rapidly. Every manifestation of kindness is a rebuke to those who are worshippers of Satan. The sinister oppressor of man, the antichrist, will not present himself to mankind, revealing his identity, but on the contrary, he will be a wolf in sheep's clothing, in which the most sinister plans are hatched. He will feed the hungry, heal the sick, meet the basic needs of man, perform miracles so that you will see in him the Savior of mankind, and when he shows his true face, he will be the murderer of the people of my Son. The Antichrist will penetrate the minds of people, causing them to fight each other; he will raise parents against children, and children against parents - families will persecute their members. Terror will engulf society until it leads to denial of faith and blasphemy against God. Those who are followers of the antichrist will be deprived of thought, as their thinking will be swallowed up by the psychic power of the evil oppressor of mankind. The worst instincts will be awakened in people, everyone will disparage each other. Scarcity will be an incentive for the weak to profess faith in the antichrist. Therefore, I call upon you to know my Son and recognize Him, so that you will not be deceived by evil. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, preserve the knowledge of what concerns the antichrist before he takes complete control of humanity. Do not be afraid, but look within yourselves and recognize the sin you have committed. Make the decision to transform and renew yourselves internally with the Generous Spirit, enter into true life to resist evil. Do not reject My Words, lest you regret what you left behind as something worthless. I do not foretell to My children what they will not suffer, I foretell it so that you may prepare and convert. My beloved ones, purification is man's choice in the face of such decadence, abominations and heresies with which the people of My Son offend the Most Holy Trinity. The wrath of God will descend upon the earth. What has not been seen before will be experienced by the human race; unbelief will be the lament of the lukewarm. Beloved children, therefore I give you My protection. This is the moment of decision; you must not persist in lukewarmness, for evil will drag you down, and you will not be able to escape from it. Humanity must change before the devils take possession of it .... You must pray ... you must repent ... you must rise spiritually, you cannot continue to be mediocre, you should not be content to call yourselves Christians without giving your all for my Son. Don't say 'Father' if you are not true children, don't say 'you forgive those who sin against you' if you don't forgive, don't be like hypocrites. God knows everything, knows everything, and no human creature is ignored by the Father. Humanity is given over to total disorder, my Son suffers because of it. Pray my children, pray for France, it will be scourged even more severely, again and again. Pray my children, pray for the people of my Son, pray for yourselves. Pray, my children, pray, the volcanoes make their power felt, shaking the earth, pouring out their fury on the land, ravaging the nations. Pray my children, pray for Spain, it will be taken by surprise, pray for Spain. Pray my children, the United States will continue to be scourged by nature, and terrorism will come to cause uncertainty. You, my beloved ones, I urge you not to falter in faith, be those who shine amidst the great darkness that reigns on earth. Do not forget that weakness is fought with the strength of the Eucharist, treasure this moment while you can receive my Son eucharistically. Abide in anticipation, Russia will make a decision that will directly affect all of Europe and indirectly the whole world. Unite in the name of my Son, be fraternal, do not seek individual good, but the common good. Attacks on churches and their destruction will be a daily occurrence in order to frighten my children and to make them renounce the faith. Beloved children, do not keep silent about your sins, admit that you are a sinner, examine yourselves, do not deny your Salvation, do not condemn yourselves for not recognizing the sins you have committed. I hear sermons about God's Mercy, but you are not warned about God's Justice. The sinner is not rewarded if he does not repent. Children, you are being led to perdition of the soul, the sinner must repent - this is the truth. My requests have not been heard, the times would have been different, if mankind had obeyed me, if the Church of my Son had complied with my requests, which I uttered in the name of the Blessed Trinity, the fate of all mankind would have been different. Beloved ones, the Angel of Peace will come from the Father's House with the Divine Word in His mouth to calm the turmoil of mankind, which in despair will cause some to rise up against others, losing all control, surrendering to the savagery caused by despair. This will be the moment of the Angel of Peace, the moment of rescue, the unity of the remnant Church, the flock will calm down. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I protect you, I constantly bless you, listen and do not cease without action - be constant practitioners of the Word of God written in the Holy Scriptures. Do not persist in inertia! Wake up, my children, wake up! Take my calls seriously. The moment will come when you will see the fulfillment of what I have revealed to you and how you will repent of your disobedience. I urge you to heed this word of mine. I bless you. Do not be afraid, I am constantly watching you and saving you from greater evils. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 26 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Heart still beats for each of you.... I am thirsty for souls! I call you again and again to obedience, and you refuse. You keep rising up without the need to show that you are against Me, but you keep accepting new idols that people create and that lead you to the abyss. You live in denial of my divinity. You do not need to speak words, but with your actions and works you are more eloquent than the greatest orators. Every now and then I see my people adapting to deny my divinity in order to cause even more confusion. I wonder when I see with what ease you voluntarily adapt yourselves to the moment to deny me and create confusion in your brothers and sisters, in order to create more evil, more ignorance and thus deliberately lead more human beings to the abyss. Evil is moving very quickly towards its maximum emanation. My people, where are you heading? Do you not see the ignorance created by man himself over the past centuries? Everything was created to make man more permeable to evil and less worthy of being called my child at this time. You want to cure the evil that you yourselves create by committing greater evil. Sin has no other name, sin is sin. But he who leads his brethren to insult me, being aware of that insult, commits a greater sin, and the insult is greater. My people, the barbarism in which you live did not arise in an instant, degeneration was instilled in mankind much earlier. At this moment, the rebellion in which man lived before is revealed to the public, only that human degeneracy previously remained hidden, and now it is open. My children, how many followers immediately succumb to total degeneration! In every respect, wherever there is life, man pollutes it with degeneracy and perversity. Ignorant idolaters! Such are my people, before ordinary people you bow down as if they were gods. Guilty is not only the one who worships anyone who is not God, but also the one who allows himself to be worshiped like God, indulging in pride and arrogance. Are not these the sons of the devil who lead my people astray? You have entered into idolatry and cannot stop it, ungrateful children! I give myself to you, and you constantly deny Me. So great is the evil that reaches Me through you that fire will fall from heaven. And still the mouth of the liar will not be silenced; you commit so much evil before my eyes, so great is the abundance of idolatrous impiety, they will bring this generation to moments of very great sorrow. Look how much rags you drag in, how much you give to Satan, and the liar is not only Satan, but also man himself, who calls himself the elect, and I do not call him the elect. How many of My people think that they are sealed, called, chosen, separated from sinners, being sinners themselves, who do not take splinters out of their own eyes! They commit offenses against me and think I don't see them - hypocrites! My people, how much pride I see in you, and you continue to call me your God, while you should repent before I tell you to examine yourself. I am surprised to see how you take my Word and ignore it, take it according to the needs of each person. How you will mourn after this, rebellious people! Fools! Stop insulting me ... Put an end to the false gods that have imposed themselves, and those that you have voluntarily accepted to adopt the miserable standards of those who think they are better than me. You have disregarded my warnings and forgotten that when a person feels that he is in possession of a great teaching, he risks soaring in spirit and feeling that he is greater than his brothers. Why are you not afraid of me?.... my people have moved away from me, they are a people who thirst for the earth; therefore they attach themselves to what is temporary, rejecting my Law, they feed on the earth, and the earth itself vomits them out. Great is he who repents, needs me, seeks me to protect him in the midst of so much evil that surrounds him.... Great is he who seeks me in the face of the degeneracy in which humanity lives.... Great is the humble man who does not argue with his brother, but seeks peace.... Great is he who knows how to keep silent so that I may speak.... Are you, my children, converted at this time.... Are you those who have left the world, or those who are still sad? What is justice for you, and what is justice for me? Are you honey for your brothers and sisters, or bile? ... Do yours bring happiness or unhappiness? ... Are you those who seek me with the eyes of the flesh, needing the material to touch me? ... My people, those and only those who have a pure Heart can see Me. For this, you must first cleanse the eye, and then with drops of love seek Me inside, in Your Heart. My people, so few are those whom I can call 'beloved children of My people.' The moment in which you live is decisive for humanity, you know this, but you deny it. Do not give in to evil, as if I had not warned you, enter into inner silence and seek me while you have a moment. I do not deny my children, I do not deny the one who seeks me, I do not deny the one who needs me and recognizes that he is a sinner. Let those who are weary of the affairs of this world and its machinations come to me.... Let those who are persecuted come to me.... Let those who have gone astray come to me.... Let those come to me who are attached to sects contrary to my Will.... Let those who are in oppression come to Me.... Let those who are lonely come to Me.... Let those who do not listen to Me in My calls come to Me... Let them approach with a contrite Heart, and I will receive, enlighten and protect them. Pray my children, pray that my Holy Spirit may dwell in each of you. Pray for my children, pray for Germany, which will suffer from terrorism, and nature will scourge it. Pray my children, pray. I urge you to start a worldwide chain of prayer of the Holy Rosary for peace in Venezuela. Pray my children, Spain aches for the offenses against my House. Pray my children, Colombia is shaking. My people, as my children plunge into the mire of impurity, so the earth is experiencing a plunge around the world. My people are faithful and true, they do not worry about what worries the world. On the contrary, they abide in constant prayer, because they know that I am with my own, I am faithful and true. I bless you at this moment in which my people are being tested. I bless your hearts, so that my Love may abound in them. I bless your eyesight, your thoughts, your ears, so that in them my calls may reach the depths of each person. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 001 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Sacred Heart burns with love for each of you. My Sacred Heart remains open to all who approach with a contrite and humble Heart, with a firm intention to change, ready to make this union true and lasting. I am jealous for my own. I protect them at all times, I warn them so that they do not go astray. I explain to them all that is in My Word, and repeat the exhortations of My Mother at all necessary moments, so that My children understand that humanity has gone astray, and when it has gone astray, it has gone through the crucible of purification. My people, your conscience has been disturbed by mankind's constant falling into sins, with which you offend me and attach yourselves to evil. You have not yet understood that in order to live in My Will, you must know Me and recognize Me, so that every act echoes Mine, every work echoes My works filled with Divine Love. Until my Love dwells in you and dwells within you, it will be difficult for you to be faithful and true children. My Love is obedience, it is forgiveness, gratitude, prudence, mercy, understanding. My love is the gift and virtue with which my children testify to my Truth. Appearances do not exist before me, they are abhorrent to me. When my people love appearances, I quickly leave. In the face of this abominable act, I do not recognize human creatures. I am faithful and true. How many of my people know how to speak well in front of their brothers, but inside they are empty like a perforated vessel! I desire works and deeds born of truth and of my Love, to be an extension of my Love and my Truth. My beloved people, at this moment mankind has lost itself in its foolishness, refuses to obey the Law of God and has given in to satisfying its baser instincts through abused free will. My people do not recognize evil, because it has become natural to man, and so the enemy of the soul gleefully reaps the fruits of his constant temptation of my people. My children deny Me, and so they have become lukewarm and enjoy the lukewarmness with which they deceive themselves. Evil gives you the infliction, and even more, to be the creators of greater evil. You are unable to stop the erroneous teachings in my people, because you are lukewarm children and do not know me. You say that you are my children, but instead you are my oppressors who constantly inflict suffering on me. Everything around you acknowledges our divinity, you deny our Trinity, reject my Mother and mock my calls. When the calls of our House expose you, you attack them and thus make it known that my people do not crawl on the ground like snakes, but remain high up in the air. But before the ignorant people the serpent flies and makes the eagle crawl, lest it warn those who seek me. I do not explain My Word to you in order that you may remain anonymous, but in order that you may be fed with the nourishment that My Heart emanates for My people, that people who obey My Word. My people, the more you depart from Me, the greater the purification! Each person is an extension of my Love or an extension of the evil with which you pollute those who find comfort in lust, in the foolishness of evil, in profanity, in adultery, in the denial of my Love, in lies and in living comfortably in the ways of the world. I do not deceive you, perverse humanity goes to evil to solve its needs and find refuge in the face of pain. The devil solves your immediate needs, but he offers you nothing for free. You must pay by submitting to him, and in doing so you kill your soul. Danger for my people is approaching from the universe, the great world powers know about these heavenly bodies that will be disastrous for mankind. They deny this knowledge not for the sake of humanity, but to keep you in the lie of humanity without problems and without sin. The weather will never be the same. The constant changes have managed to penetrate you, infiltrate your brain, and this brain is unable to react to the drastic climate changes that man is not used to living in. It used to be that the seasons were clear, and people followed clear patterns. At the moment, the sower doesn't know when to plant or when he will harvest his crops, man is unable to determine the seasons, as these have changed and continue to change constantly. The sun used to provide prosperity for man, but at the moment the sun makes my people suffer, seeing them as strangers. You have lived with constant regression, to which you have been subjected by those who considered themselves masters of humanity. Because mankind does not resist assimilating new, erroneous ways of life and wrong deeds, evil has extended its tentacles over humanity, which has embraced them and refuses to abandon them. Thus, humanity has fallen into error and into renunciation of my Love. The abyss has taken shape, it is called degeneration in all aspects of human life. The chaos to which you have succumbed has become a tangible reality, you not only think, but commit great offenses against Me, making them real. Man falls low, constantly falls lower, driven by the environment that surrounds him. A man dresses and adorns himself as a woman and is encouraged to be feminine, although he himself is not. The woman is an object and a subject, dresses like a man and rebels with the strength of a man. She rejects motherhood to be an object. How much pain on a tormented and devastated earth! How the earth is cracking and will continue to crack in its desire to ward off the sin that afflicts it! Under the oppression of Satan, my people will suffer the greatest tragedy. You live with your eyes covered. You are not realists, but idealists, and at this moment you are maintaining the ideal about false gods, who are leading you to great perdition of the soul. Save your soul, achieve Salvation and Eternal Life! Do not fear the troubled waters, be faithful to my Word, do not reject my Mother, receive me in the Eucharist properly prepared. Do not distance yourselves from me, just as I do not distance myself from those who call upon me. The waters of the oceans will give man great surprises, giving rise to hidden volcanoes. The tectonic plates will be shaken, and my people will suffer because of it. Pray children, pray for Europe, she has forged her own pain. Pray children, pray for France, again evil is leading her to pain. Pray children, pray for the United States, which is suffering through man and nature. Pray children, pray for Ecuador, it is badly shaken and the great volcano is making my children suffer. My beloved people, see how you have departed from Me, how you resist the good and how you have surrendered to that which is not Love.... Understand that without love you are lifeless beings, you are empty and unmoved by anything. Your heart hardens not only towards your brothers and sisters, but also towards yourselves, so you reject the gift of life. Be creatures of goodness, be love. My people, prepare yourselves, be spiritual, do not be content with not knowing Me, but demand of yourself to know Me, so that you will not be deceived. You must enter into my Word, so that you do not confuse what comes from my Love with what is the work of man led by Satan. My people will be accompanied by my Angel of Peace, who is not a former prophet, but is a foreshadowing of my Love, to support my people in tribulation through hellish persecution. My Angel of Peace will be the consolation of my faithful, the support of my people and through the hand of my Mother will bring my Love to the Hearts of the humble of heart. My faithful will receive blessings for their faithfulness. Nothing is impossible for those who remain in My Heart. I warn you, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 07 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive my Blessing, making supplications to the Holy Spirit, that these words which you receive may be received with wisdom, and that you who read them may treasure them and that they may stimulate you to conversion. In the midst of humanity grow the claws of the devil, who has turned the land of blessings into a dark land saturated with human misery, where confusion and anger reign. Children, do you not understand that wrong, violent and harmful acts strengthen the minions of hell? You say that you know my Son, but this is not true, for those who know the damage done by allying themselves with evil, allowing evil to use them to cause trouble, if they loved my Son, they would turn away from these temptations. Humility, silence, peace and unity are contrary to the nature of the devil, and when you are between seemingly good actions and actions tainted by evil, the devil gains a greater advantage, distancing you from the righteous work and actions of God's children. The devil does not rest, bringing and pouring out misery among people, so that war between nations is preceded by violence in humanity. Some of my children, with faith and great courage, remain in obedience to which my Son calls them. These children are the ones that the demons tempt with greater fury, and their goal is to deprive them of peace, because they know man, and when man loses peace, the sequence of thoughts, deeds and actions for the most part is not what my Son would like to receive. Man is so poor in his conscience that he lets himself be carried away by pride, and from this evil Satan makes great profit, infecting man with grave evil by means of pride. The proud creature exudes such great impurity that he pollutes anyone who stands in his way, and the demons rush to compound this great evil in them, because the proud man causes more pain in an instant wherever he goes than what the demons alone can accomplish. People are rushing from one place to another in search of dates regarding the purification events that mankind will suffer, and those who are looking for dates should stop and ask themselves about their spiritual state. How many among mankind would there be who would save their souls if my Son came at this moment in his Second Coming? Therefore, before that and for the sake of souls, there is a detailed judgment before mankind. Have you thought about this act of mercy? Do you bear the fruits of Eternal Life, or on the contrary, are you creatures of strife? Children of my Immaculate Heart, you possess everything to attain Eternal Life, and you lose it every moment in the face of minor and unforeseen situations. Spiritual growth is a constant trial, because whoever does not live like a spiritual adult cannot be a spiritual adult, but easily passes from maturity to childishness. They have not grown spiritually to face the moment you are living in. You do not have spiritual stability, and in the face of this great lack, the crafty and evil thief quickly throws you into old spiritual errors so that you regress as much as possible and turn away from the true path of Salvation. The evil man causes great conflicts ... An angry family causes serious wounds ... An angry nation causes great destruction and death ... Angry humanity causes great wars ... The devil is cunning and you easily fall into his nets, so much so that he constantly facilitates the arrival of many reports, literature, news, prophecies that intrigue you, and you, children, pounce on what arouses your curiosity ... Oh my poor children, how many of you are weary because of your lack of in-depth knowledge of my Son! And you want to achieve great honors without having achieved what will make you heirs of the Kingdom, God's Love. You want to be taught without practice, and a sinner who does not resolve to get rid of what causes his fall will not be able to overcome sin. Without the constant practice of self-denial, a person cannot overcome what causes his fall. For my children, the practice of good and separation from evil are indispensable. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son sees each person in a special way, sees the deeds and actions of each person in a special way, and my Son will not disregard deeds contrary to the law of love. How many of my children fall into great conflicts because of their desire to gain the gifts of another brother, not thinking that love rules over everything, and those who are preoccupied with coveting their brother's spiritual goods harden their hearts and distance themselves from heavenly goods. At this moment, how many are arguing, denying or confirming the events that the Father's House has revealed to you! If you desire Salvation, you should devote yourselves to living a life of holiness, fulfilling God's Law and being a living witness to Divine Love in all moments and places, at all times. For this humanity, the truth is its truth, and this truth is infinitely far from the truth that my Son left to his children. Man cannot change the Commandments, they are always new, ever-present, not subject to free interpretation. But what is this generation doing? It has abolished sin, deeds and actions opposed to life, salvation of the soul, opposed to obedience, modesty and chastity, and has given itself over to debauchery, opening the mind to lust, so that basic human instincts are born in it and multiply in an environment that constantly encourages it. My Son's people remain inert, they do not recognize the moment in which they are living, and the enemy of the soul with his cunning captures humanity at every moment. Technological inventions are praised by the vast majority of mankind without adequate knowledge. This brings mankind closer to accepting every technological innovation without reservation. Thus, humanity will accept with great confidence the use of the microchip, this ingenious and tiny artifact, which is the greatest controller ever. Through the microchip, man's thinking will be nullified, and the freedom that my Son gave to man will be definitively taken away from him. The microchip is a significant sign before the public appearance of the antichrist. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, each of you should voluntarily consecrate yourselves to our Sacred Hearts; my Son has asked you to do so, and I renew this urgent request. Every home should be consecrated to our Sacred Hearts, every family should consecrate to our Sacred Hearts, but do not forget that this consecration is realized by constantly living the will of the Father. But where God's love does not reign, consecration does not bear fruit. Beloved children, man does not rest in his zeal to lead humanity. Technological inventions, which are not only for the good of man, but are most often used to rule over man, do not cease. The human mind is the subject of constant research and constant surprises for the man of science, so mankind is given innovations with which to capture man's attention and detach it from everything around him. In the hands of children and young people comes yet another invention that completely detaches those who use it from reality. These incessant seals of evil are the ones that prepare man for total mind control by the antichrist to take over mankind without its rebellion. Parents, how freely you have given your children into the hands of Satan! How carelessly you have allowed your children to live in an unreal world and be turned into automatons that live inside themselves, constantly competing with each other! Parents are not listened to, not respected, not loved by their children. I hear so much grief because of this. Parents, your children, inert beings, are the product of technology created to dominate man and find themselves dominated by the devil's technology. Every innovation you put into the hands of your children brings them, with your consciousness, closer to being implanted with a microchip and finding themselves among the worshippers of the antichrist. How disobedient man has fallen! Children, you pray, but you do not obey, you pray, but you ignore the Warnings that my Son gives you to be free from evil and to free your families. Evil is circulating all over the earth, it is an invisible force polluting those who allow it. Therefore, you must proclaim that evil exists and that my Son's people will not be saved until they decide to take the path of holiness, which is not just prayer. Expand your minds, feed them with knowledge, with practice, so that you will not be deceived by the wiles of the seducer of souls. Pray, my children, pray for Turkey, it will suffer the pain of its people. Pray my children, pray for North Korea, its people will suffer the effects of its own nuclear creations. Pray my children, pray for Chile, the earth is shaking with great force. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the earth is shaking with greater force, great earthquakes in the deep sea are causing destruction on the surface of the earth. Aviation will be paralyzed in much of the earth for a time; keep the faith. Volcanoes are giving signs of their awakening. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be attentive, devote yourselves to good works, fulfill the requests of this Mother. Be creatures of goodness, do not allow evil to invade you, be loving towards yourselves and your brothers. Do not forget that evil grows, but Divine Love multiplies through as many acts of obedience as my children perform. Beloved, my Son loves you with eternal love. Repent, draw near to my Son, do not fear Him, draw near and live in the fullness of God's children. As the Mother of Humanity, I will remain with you until we hand over the earth to its Creator. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 11 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my tears of blood are my pain for the lack of love in the Hearts of my children. The Father's House has called upon mankind to understand that they must lead their lives to the ultimate goal of union with God's Will. Instead, at the moment, man is using what he has for his own benefit, according to his personality, to impose himself on his brothers, to manipulate his neighbors, to show that he is against all that is divine.... my children have not understood, much less thought about it, that when the Father's House asks you to do something, it is actually a change regarding work and action, because as soon as you are instructed to change or given a command, the devil rises up against you to force you to act in an opposite way and thus keep you in constant rebellion against God. Children, if you have said your 'yes' to my Son and decided to move forward in holiness, you must fertilize the soil of your personality with new soil, without the impurities you hold in your minds, without the rags in which you walk and which distinguish you from one another. You have not understood that what should distinguish you is the law of love, not the conflict that creates anger and makes you unrecognizable. I shed my tears because of the violence in which humanity lives, because of the slaughter of innocents, because of the upheaval in which humanity finds itself.... Anger managed to penetrate deeply into my children, without even thinking about the law of love. Man is a butcher without compassion, he kills his brothers and sisters without a tremor in his heart, without thoughts or feelings of pity or compassion. Meditate, children, if you are capable of acting ruthlessly against your brother, you might as well become a victim of the antichrist. Beloved children, the law of love was given by the Heavenly Father, because man has not loved himself and therefore does not know the love of his neighbor. God the Father is above you, He is all in all. You must love one another; you are children of the same Father - love your brothers and sisters, and reject what is worldly. You are destroying the earth, and right now you are destroying yourselves, and you are moments away from greater destruction. You want to destroy souls so that the antichrist will add you to his ranks. You who call yourselves children of God, respond as children of God, not as lukewarm beings without a defined path to Salvation. What will the Angel of Peace find if, as children of God, you have renounced eternal Salvation, lacking love, because your heart is stony, unfeeling and negative towards mercy and forgiveness? Be true, do not distort God's Law. I weep over the total degeneracy allowed in various areas of humanity.... I weep over the lack of love that prevails in families.... I weep to see that human beings consider each other as enemies in their own homes .... I call on you to remember our Angel of Peace. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 14 2017 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of My people, in My hands I hold My people who seek Me continually. I am God's Mercy, I am Peace, I am Mercy, I am Hope, that my children may be strengthened in faith. I am Justice, and as the Righteous Judge, I wait until the last moment so that human creation can repent and return to Me. At this moment I can only look at the ground and continue the slow outpouring of my Justice through the supplications of my Mother for those who remain faithful, for those who continue the effort not to cease, for those who are constant, humble and true Christians.... I suspend my Justice through the supplications of my Mother for those who prepare themselves, examining themselves again and again, for those who, deepening their knowledge of what is to come, realize the urgency of truly entrusting themselves to my House, in order to save their souls and be a witness to their brothers and sisters, with the intention of helping them. Modernist and liberal beliefs portray me as an indifferent God, thus encouraging man to be liberal, to behave contrary to my work and action. Man's action is in complete disagreement with Our Divine Word, it is contrary to Divine law, it is a very serious offense to the Commandments and teachings I left you. This generation is constantly depraving itself and giving in to madness. The Antichrist has prepared the current scenario in which humanity is living, and humanity has accepted it.... The personality of my children is no longer their own personality, but has been adapted to the majority, a man has emerged who has no thought of his own except that inherited by the rest of society. A man has emerged who imitates his neighbors, who does not reason, but only imitates the behavior of others. Children, my people, I call upon you to inform yourselves, to delve into my Word, which in various ways has become clear to you, for it is you who will be participants in the coming events. Prepare yourselves, do not underestimate what this generation is experiencing and what is paving its way amidst the ignorance of man, who considers everything that is happening to be normal. I watch you pass away without leaving a trace, you take satisfaction from the fact that you are alive, but you don't think, you don't reason, you don't feel, and this satisfies those who hold in their hands the important decisions of the humanity you are in. A group of men and women with economic power have decided that you, my people, should remain in ignorance of the true reality, in order to manipulate you. You are not unaware of this, I have explained it to you, but you do not stop to think and take measures in this regard. My people, this generation is aberrant, degenerate, it enjoys what is forbidden and what lowers its status as a child of God, you worship the god of money, the god of technology, the god of modernism, the god of degeneration.... These are the moments that indicate to you at what stage this generation lives. I see more sinners than in Sodom and Gomorrah. You will not stop before sin, no matter how grave; you will promote new ways to offend our Blessed Trinity at all times. And in the end, good will be seen as evil, and evil will be greeted with great pleasure. Families are a constant battlefield, children rise up against their parents, brothers do not look at each other as brothers, you will quickly lose your values. Loyalty will become unknown, blood ties will be ignored, everyone will disown each other, contradict each other.... Humanity is in permanent chaos. Our spirit is constantly grieved; man's imagination is stronger than knowledge itself, and imagination pollutes creation, dominates it, distorting knowledge. Children do not bear good fruit when they rise up against their parents. Parents correct their children, and children laugh, agreeing to what Satan puts before them. This is the point at which man has detached himself from the spiritual, finding it ridiculous and unnecessary for development. The development of today's man depends on technology, knowing that technology has dominated him, made him its slave and put him in chains - not physical chains, but chains that have deprived him of his mind, his thoughts, his will, his ability to decide, his intelligence; and I see zombies wandering the earth.... My people have become a people without will. My people are diminished in the face of a constant wave of malicious ideologies that have decided to separate me from man so that he will submit to evil. You are constantly creating new towers of Babel, in which you have perished and continue to perish, completely nullifying yourselves, losing your relationships as human beings. My mystical body has turned away from me, it feels it does not need me; you are demolishing my temples, desecrating me, blaspheming against our Trinity, rejecting and mocking my Mother, and my real presence in the Eucharist will be negated. My people feel more alone, my Church on earth will suffer for its mistakes, schism will occur. Evil has a field of opportunity because of contamination in areas of my Church, creating scandal and more scandals. You, my children, prepare yourselves accordingly, repent of your transgressions. My people, in the midst of the apparent calm preceding the Warning, people continue to go further and further astray. Children, you will examine yourselves, you will shake to the depths of your souls, the human conscience will be known for the first time by some of my children. Everyone will see the transgressions they have committed against the Divine Law, and with a rod of iron they will experience a detailed judgment from which not even one person will be able to escape. Everyone will remain in the personal wilderness of their sins, unable to help each other. After this, my faithful will be more faithful, and those who do not love me will love me less. Persecution against my faithful will increase, and the great deceiver will tell mankind that this Act of Mercy from my House, Warning, was created by him. During this personal examination, creation will be shaken, the universe will remind mankind that human transgressions have managed to attract Heavenly Bodies to the earth. The atmosphere of the earth will be tinged with fire, and with this fire the earth will burn. My beloved people, whoever denies Me by saying that I instill fear in them in the transmission of My Truth is a stranger to the reality in which they live. Pray, my children, pray for the Philippines, this land of mine will mourn until the end. Pray, my children, pray for Guatemala, the great volcano is awakening with power. Pray my children, pray, the Middle East is on fire. Pray my children, pray, the sea is strongly agitated due to the proximity of the heavenly body. My beloved people, foolishness is the daughter of evil, accept my Words and renew yourselves inwardly with the Generous Spirit. I will not deny you protection if your humility and purpose for change are sincere. Discover that you are alive, no longer be slaves to the technology that dominates you. Live, breathe my Love. I bless you with my Heart that suffers the thirst of souls. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 17 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, with my hands I receive you to enter the path of Salvation. My children are becoming audacious in refusing to obey the requests of my Son. Not knowing what the soul is, not knowing what you will lose, you take the easier path that leads you to damnation. Every call by means of this revelation is the Will of God. Each call is not meant to frighten you, but to warn you of the purification that is coming for mankind, so that you are not unprepared and are ready to change your life. Humanity acts by satisfying itself in everything it wants, without considering whether it is for its good or evil. An egoistic and competitive attitude leads man not to think about his brothers and sisters, but to focus only on his own well-being, his personal pleasure, giving free rein to the god of materialism. This attitude has transferred to the spiritual part of man. Without deeds and acts of love toward his neighbor, man fails to fulfill the First Commandment of God's Law and refuses to reconsider it. This selfish act has been masterminded by the devil to direct arrows charged with the worldly into a society that has welcomed them, in defiance of natural law and God's Will. Young people go rudderless where the waters carry them, waters tainted by immorality, debauchery, degeneracy and the inability to reject what is evil; waters tainted by corruption, anger, disrespect for the Commandments of God's Law; waters tainted by bad teachings, distorted on purpose by those in the institutions who are the real demons that muddy everything they touch. Do not be inattentive, my children, false teachers abound - those who do not obey the Gospel, those who are not true, those who believe they can deceive my Son, but only forge their own damnation. Be careful, my children, there are many who say they accept the word of my Son, and this is not true. Know my Son, so that you can discern what is truth and what is contamination. Know that this moment is a moment of confusion, because it precedes great and prophesied events of all kinds, which indicate to you that you are living in one moment out of moments. This generation has developed so much wickedness that it has attracted evil and its legions to the earth, thus maintaining the infection of many human creatures, who manifest forms of behavior never seen before. And man sees everything as good, because for him sin and hell do not exist, and divine forgiveness is used so that man can plunge into sin and be trapped by Satan. I look at the earth, and so many of my children are dedicated to manifesting their lack of love for God, showing off the spiritual ignorance in which they live, and with great frigidity they destroy images in temples, commit sacrilege with the Eucharist and continue their lives without remorse. This is the rebellion of man against my priests, against those who preach the word of my Son, and do not fulfill it in their daily lives; this is the rebellion of children without God, those who have chosen to worship the devil. This is the rebellion of a people who have embraced the devil, and he has instilled in you the poison of hatred for God. This generation is suffocating in its moral and spiritual crisis. A man without God is a man without conscience, without fear. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in order to discover my Son in you, you must have the love and help of the Holy Spirit in your hearts. Love, so that you do not reject the truth even though you do not understand it, love, so that you are ready to come out of the state of error in which those who deny my Son persist. You do not have time, you have only moments, and before those moments, error and rejection of divinity grows. This is a sign that foreshadows what is coming, a sign that you must appreciate so that you do not justify living in darkness. At this moment, my Heart is plunged into great sorrow; those who have lost their physical sight are trying to mobilize, but you, who have chosen to be spiritually blind so that you cannot see the truth of the Divine Word, are causing great grief to my Son. The devil deceives this generation, which is burning with lust for technical progress, deceives you with great ease, deceives even those who belong to my Son. The demon easily deceives many among mine to lead them to eternal punishment. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the House of the Father hides nothing from you, be obedient and do not neglect the Divine calls in which you will find the true way. Pay attention to how the progress of erroneous technology has led you to total dependence on it. All this was the antichrist's plan, so that you will be subjected to total control in advance in the hands of the antichrist. Your data is stored in the hands of evil to be used against you, my children. That is why I have called on you to delve into the Holy Scriptures to know and recognize my Son, so that you will not be confused. The Son of Perdition is increasing his power with the help of his loyal and filthy elites against mankind, who, disregarding God's calls, are being surprised again and again. Pray children, pray for Russia, she will suffer through nature. Pray children, pray for Iceland. Pray children, pray for the United States, the pain is coming. Pray for Venezuela, pray for Venezuela. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the earth is shaking from one cardinal point to another. Volcanoes are accelerating their activity due to the influence of a celestial body that is approaching the earth. Humanity will find its way when it comes to free itself from the bondage it has subjected itself to. A new dawn will come where the peace of my Son will prevail. As Mother of Humanity, I give you my love, I offer you my intercession. Pray the Holy Rosary, receive my Son, be true temples of the Holy Spirit. I bless you with my Love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 26 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I carry you in each of my wounds, my children, so that my dearest blood may protect you, defend you and be the shield with which my children defend themselves against their own human egos. I have invited you to know me, not in a human way, but to know me and enter into me with the help of my Holy Spirit. Right now you are sailing on a very rough sea, where I see that every man's boat is on the verge of breaking up.... And today's man - even those who are close to me - has changed true Love, my Love. And what is man without love but an empty behemoth? What is a man without love but an inert body that limits the soul and keeps it in constant oppression? My beloved people, you have not yet understood My Love, that is why you constantly allow the human ego to reveal itself in you, and it is this ego that causes the boat of each of you to sink on this rough sea. I have asked you to believe, but I see so many who, although they bring their fingers into my wounds, seeing me, feeling me, do not believe and do not allow faith to bring them by my hand to know what true love is. And faith is the strength of my people ... Faith is the door that opens the way for them to greater knowledge ... Faith facilitates unity among brothers and sisters .... Faith facilitates understanding ... Faith is Love ... Faith is Hope ... And Faith obliges you to obey out of Love. At this moment, my Heart aches, deeply wounded by those whom I have asked to explore and engage in various works to help and bring my Word to humanity who are deprived of it, and I see them being tossed around again and again by Satan. They have not learned the lessons of life through their actions and work outside of my Will, and this inability to accept every stumble as a real lesson is taken by Satan, who places them in the personal boat of each of my children, so that the latter weigh more and sink in the sea of human ego. You look too much at your brother and his flaws, and this is a product of living in a competitive society that is not spiritual, but worldly. I see each of my children spending their lives not recognizing me in their brothers, forgetting that the gravest offense and sin a person commits is against my Holy Spirit. My Heart bleeds with love and bleeds with pain. Some will ask: how is it possible that it bleeds with love and pain? Thus, that I gave Myself out of love and for your Salvation, a Salvation that you constantly reject, a Salvation that you reject by continuing to be as worldly and dismissive as those who do not approach their suffering neighbors with words of encouragement and love. Science has advanced, children - and you know it well - not only for evil, but also for your good, but at the moment misused science is holding humanity by a thread on the brink of rupture, a product of the ignorance of some. You are not ignorant, you have the tools to constantly inform yourselves through this Word of mine about what is happening and what threatens the Earth. The sun has gone from being an ally of man to showing itself with all its power, as a sign that it does not recognize human work and action, and the earth is considered threatened. My beloved people, in what do you seek me? Where are you looking for me? Ask yourselves. My Mercy is infinite, and you are wasting this moment, a moment in which through My Word I call you to complete conversion. You know about what is to come, but it is not the same, children, as knowing what is to come at the moment you live what is to come; if you are not properly grounded on solid rock, you will not be able to stand, you will not be able to remain strong and unshaken. Hence my insistence on radical change. I don't need your sacrifices, I don't need you to offer me change, I demand radical change from you, because those who make an offer and don't fulfill it are whited sepulchres. And at this time, my people must remain faithful to me in order to receive the necessary discernment from the Holy Spirit. My beloved people, pray for Argentina, confusion is growing, and subversive voices are heard only in silence, but they will rise up and surprise the majority. Pray, my children, the earth will be shaken, my children will witness a strong earthquake. Pray, my children, pray for yourselves, for my weight is before each of you. Pray, my children, pray for the land of the north, in the midst of confusion and surprises it will be scourged by those who do not love it. Pray, my children, pray for Ecuador, which will suffer from various events. My people, every moment is an age of preparation, every moment is a diamond for you, every moment means belonging to the wheat or the tares, every moment is a moment of moments, and the duty of my people is to grow in love, in wisdom, in knowledge, and in respecting and fulfilling the Ten Commandments, which should be life in you. This generation is writing its history with blood, the blood of the innocents who love me, but at the same time you are writing your history by lacking love and taking Satan as your God. Nevertheless, I do not abandon you, but continue to bring you and explain My Word to you, because I do not want any of you to be lost. Enough of this! Abandon the rags in which you walk. You are not yet aware, you have not yet realized, that these rags of selfishness, selfishness, these rags of power, these rags of conflict, jealousy, possessiveness, exhibitionism, the rags of materialism, these rags are the ones that, if you do not break away from them, will cause you to be among those who follow the antichrist. The latter moves quickly with the help of his satellites to entrap his followers. It is with sadness that I must tell you that those who serve the antichrist at the moment are acting, they do not sleep like you, like my people, they do not wait to be asked to do what they know or what they have committed themselves to do, they do not wait to be called to attention, because they know that he who is spawned by Satan does not forgive mistakes. And this Jesus, who is Infinite Mercy and constantly forgives you, is rejected and cast out. You, my people, are constantly crucifying me, piercing my hands with the nails of stupidity, stubbornness, lack of love, injustice, intolerance, lack of love, arrogance, lack of hope, and above all refusal to believe and trust my Word. It is you who are shouting 'crucify him again!", it is you who are repeating history.... I need souls who commit themselves to suffering, to suffering unspeakable, in order to remain faithful to My requests. My children, My people, you are so close, so close to the shaking of My Church, so close to the shaking of the earth with the great earthquakes that you have been expecting in future times, far in the future, and have not yet understood that you are living in the moment of moments. My mystical body will be greatly shaken, and I need the faith of my mystical body to remain strong in my promise and my Word, but for this you must be those who fulfill my Commandments and fulfill the law of love. My people, how much degeneracy is constantly coming to light! How many are tainted by anger all the time and become unrecognizable in My eyes, but not unrecognizable to Satan! Understand, children, that when you lose your peace, you open the door for Satan to use you as his tools against your brothers and sisters. Realize that this moment has been foretold and is the moment when man ceases to love me and accepts evil as his ally. But nevertheless, I do not turn away from my faithful people, and I know that my faithful people will receive their brothers and sisters with love, so that no one will perish. I pay attention to you, to every word, to every look, to every step you take, to every thought, and I require you to be faithful to yourself, for I know you, but some do not yet know themselves, and they must think it over. My beloved people, remain united with Me, think of Me, adore Me, constantly invite Me to work and act in you. I need my people to be strengthened in love, so that unity is not a vestibule, but is real and impossible for evil to penetrate. True unity is a wall, and that is what my people should be, at this time, otherwise even the faithful can fall. I hold your hand, I do not abandon you, but like true love I respect the free will of man. Come to me with humility and ready to let me shape you. I forgive you again and again, but I need you to realize the urgency of this moment. I love you, I bless you, my people, I welcome you, I give you shelter, you are the pupil of my eye. Come to me. Stay in my room. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 30 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my Motherhood, I bless you with my Heart. Beloved disciples of my Son, do not disregard my Word, it is given to you by the Will of God. What you know at this moment is what from the Divine Will, through our prophet, Heaven itself is explaining to its people before events take place. Therefore, you should keep vigil, not rest. The Chosen People of the Lord should remain vigilant, so that my Son does not come and find them sleeping, sleeping on what the world offers them, immersed in sin and the terrible offense of relentless pursuit of pleasures as a consequence of bad habits that have led man to ruin. The loss of the soul is not spoken of, precisely so that man loses his soul.... The ascension of the human soul is not explained.... Children, my Son suffers a great thirst for souls, and His people do not know what a soul is. Some of my children do not believe in Salvation and devote themselves to accumulating money in order to live well on earth and live as comfortably as possible. How wrong are those who do not want to rise in the spirit, but find pleasure in life in what is material and not in what my Son asks of them! How is it that you ignore the signs of this moment, when corruption has taken over everything around you, when you are manipulated in every way, when you have been led to believe that there is no hell and that therefore all sins are forgiven? Children, you have signs before you, the climate has changed, animals have lost and changed their habits, diseases do not cease, the constant manifestations of the sun keep the earth on alert, just as the manifestations with oil and blood in the paintings that depict me are a divine motive calling man to reconciliation with the Father's House. It is not too late for my children to turn away from sin. Sin is absolutely contrary to goodness, with sin you offend my Son, and if you love Him, you must not hurt Him. My Son will shorten the days in this moment of spiritual crisis, crisis of rebellion, crisis of lack of faith because of mankind's surrender to everything that comes from the devil. You are still disobedient children ... You are still rebelling against the signs of Heaven ... The abomination has reached the disobedient children, and my Son has said to you, 'When you see these things happening, know that everything is near.' Children, you have set aside your conscience to persist in individualism and, worse, to think that each person is the center to which his brothers and sisters must conform their lives. My Son has called you to belong to His mission and to preach for the sake of your brothers and sisters, because you preach not only with words, but also with testimony. You are not clear that you are children of God, because you do not really know Him, you do not respect Him fully, you do not recognize Him, because in the face of this society you retain human respect, which would be violated if your peers found out that you are part of the divine realm, committing to change your lives toward what is more spiritual and less worldly. Mankind has drunk the poisonous nectar from the tree of evil, fed on the seeds of falsehood, harvested the fruits of falsehood and maintains a stockpile of the greatest error. You are unable to see further than your eye can see. You live in inertia, while the great elites have the entire existing industry in their hands, and at the moment they are becoming more and more powerful thanks to the submission of the leaders of the nations. Europe is shocked by the attacks and will continue to be shocked, because this is the wish of other faiths whose goal is to dominate this continent. Children, you must grow and change definitively, you must show spiritual maturity. You must fight against evil thoughts, put aside hatred, anger, stupidity, which always finds a reason to quarrel in everything. I urge you to pray, but this is not important to you, because you only see what is thrown your way; you look for events when I tell you about what is to come, not to change, but simply to know. Grow spiritually, be obedient, don't be content to attend Mass if you are outwardly disobedient and cruel creatures. You see the sea water and its extensions seeping into the earth. That is why, as Mother, I warned you about the changes in the geography of the earth, about the devil's dominion over mankind, about the plagues and about what will happen before the Second Coming of my Son. I cry out, man does not answer, this society is an automaton of technology and itself. You build new towers of Babel and entrust them to my children to deprive them of their will, and the people of my Son willingly submit to innovations to control them. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not place any chip in your body, they are the prelude to the microchip by which the antichrist will dominate humanity. Do not let them rule your mind, emotions, thoughts, decisions.... Do not let them rule you by lack of love, anger, violence, revenge, the desire to persecute those who do not think like you.... Do not let them lead you to disown your family members, they are not robots, children, they are God's creatures. Beloved children, pray, pray for Ecuador, he will suffer. Beloved children, pray, pray for Australia, she will falter. Beloved children, pray, pray, nuclear power will make you suffer. Beloved children, pray, pray for the violence that will not stop. Beloved children, pray, pray for Italy, it is affected by terrorism. Children, this is not the moment to experiment with artifacts that must be placed in the body and that have a chip. This is not the moment to accept the seal of the devil. My children, love my Son, feed on the Eucharist, pray the Holy Rosary. Make sacrifices for your brothers and sisters who are oppressed by their rulers. I am the Mother of humanity, do not disregard my words. My Heart is the Ark of the Covenant, where the people of my Son are located. I intercede for all to save their souls. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 03 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, the love I receive from my people is incense that rises to me, and I return it in blessings to those who are mine. I look upon each person with special love. My Mercy calls you to a quick conversion, I call you to work and act in God's Will. None of my children will be abandoned by me, faith must prevail - I am a God of Love. I do not abandon those who are mine, but I ask my children not to leave my side, to ask me of their own free will not to abandon them. I do not break in by hurting my children. My Heart is torn when I see you on the road to perdition, but still I must wait until you look to Me willingly and call upon Me. I am the God of peace, and in My peace I want you to remain, My people. I do not want you to be children of wrath, but I want you to be filled with my peace. The health of the soul is important so that you can maintain the necessary balance in this moment of turmoil. The soul becomes restless when you allow anger to take control and lead you, without any control, to speak the wrong words against your brothers and sisters, when you join in evil acts, when you transgress My Word, when you forget Divine Law, when you kill your brothers and sisters, when you consciously disobey Me, when human ego takes precedence over My requests. My people, evil does not achieve more than My love, but man joins himself to what is evil, and evil possesses him and immediately drives him away from Me. How much I have called you to know Me, that you may recognize Me, and that My Spirit may give you the discernment necessary to distinguish when evil disguises itself as good! You disobey my requests and persist like a ship in the shallows, and this is dangerous for you. Evil is ingenious, it takes forms, actions, works that appear to be good, while in reality they are not, and you, for lack of discernment, fall into the nets of evil. This moment is serious. It is a moment of urgency for my Church, which I call upon to enter deeply into me. Recognizing and drawing closer to Me are necessary so that fear does not lead you to what would be submission to Satan. My people, do not be afraid! I will make what is necessary come down from Heaven, so that my people will not perish because of the evil that will deny them food, water.... People of little faith! You are afraid of those who may leave you without food, but you are not afraid of losing Eternal Life. You do so because you do not know Me - perhaps you ask Me for bread, and I give you stones? No, I am Infinite Love.... The lack of consciousness of mankind incites violence against each other, and this violence spreads like a plague from one country to another, until it becomes uncontrollable. You will see how difficult it is for a repressed people to survive without what is necessary, and at the same time, if you have faith like a mustard seed, you will not lack what is necessary to survive, if this is My Will. Some of my children have not gone through hard times, they do not know the face of hunger, they do not know the face of repression, they do not know the face of despair at the lack of what is necessary to control the pain. My Mother has given and will give you medicines that you can find in nature and with their help alleviate diseases and make them disappear. Don't save them until you need to use them, look for where they are, look for where you can find them nearby - don't wait until the last minute. The plague moves silently, without revealing itself to the eyes of humanity. You have the means and more to fight it. I will not abandon my people. My people, the moon and the sun have a great influence on the earth, and therefore on you. Do not consider the events that are happening as insignificant, however small they may be, they affect mankind and the earth itself. Humanity sees what is happening as a spectacle, but without awareness. It is necessary for my people to be more open to my calls, you must not continue to deny yourselves Salvation. How did it happen that this generation rose up against life? How did it happen that you rejected the gift of life? How much have you nullified the greatest gift that man has, the gift of life! You punish yourselves by agreeing to offend my Holy Spirit. The blood of the innocent reaches the bowels of the earth, and the earth, as if swallowing bile, shakes with rage. Man's sin attracts heavenly bodies toward the earth, which will be dangerous. Evil attracts evil, good drives away evil. Repent! This is the Eternal Life that I offer you, and this is the Eternal Life that you reject. My people, how many good deeds have you done during your life? ... Not only prayers will be counted in your favor, what have you done for your brothers and sisters? ... How have you helped them? And how many works of mercy do you have in your hands to show before me? Children, to be worthy children, it is not enough to listen and receive, you have to give, you have to offer, you have to be my teaching in action. My work and action are not static, my work and action are constantly bearing fruit for my children and in abundance. My people are a people of works that are multiplied to infinity because they are born of my Love. Beloved children, pray for France, her grief has no end. Beloved children, pray for Chile, it will shake. Beloved children, pray for the united states, my children will suffer. Beloved children, pray, mighty volcanoes are becoming active. Beloved children, pray for Costa Rica, she will suffer. Do not stray from My Word, delve into the Holy Scriptures and into this explanation of My Word. My Mother remains and will remain with My People in the most intense moments of persecution to which they will be subjected for having embraced evil and surrendered to debauchery, usurping the Law of God. My people will be persecuted by the same evil that has taken root in my Church. My priests must receive prayer with devotion, calling upon my Mother to protect them. My Mother, as the Ark of the New Covenant, will guide my people, protect them and keep them under her mantle. Do not be afraid, 'I am who I am.' My beloved people, I love you, I bless you. Do not turn away, come back to Me quickly. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 06 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, in My Heart I keep your constant efforts to abide with Me, without being carried away by evil. At every moment, in the various situations of life, I explain My Word to you, so that you pay attention to every gift offered to you by the highest good, so that you persevere. My beloved people, just as you do not recognize Me, you do not recognize the good that comes into the life of each of you, but are blinded by what comes from the paradigms of the human ego program that you follow. Those who do not soften their human ego to understand their brothers and sisters will not be able to find the peace they need to live, growing in spirit. They will not be able to grow on their own, if not in the constant sacrifice of personal cravings. Beloved ones, maintaining in your character a state of anger, an explosive mood, a defensive or demanding attitude testifies to the pettiness of your spirit and little interest in personal growth. Do you desire to grow, to be different, to get rid of the rags you own.... Change is inevitable. Not everyone will receive victory, but only those who make the effort and give the best of themselves. My beloved people, you are looking for an enemy that causes you to react contrary to my requests, you are looking for an enemy outside of yourselves, and you are very wrong, because what prevents you from growing is the human ego itself, the ego of each of you.... This is the enemy that prevents you from growing. You should be wise, astute and vigilant in all your personal work and actions. The devil does not waste any opportunity to act and create anger, confusion, feelings of insecurity, the feeling that you are not in control of the situation, in order to destabilize you and cause a reaction of anger in you. Man eagerly seeks the recognition of his brethren. This causes him to change his mood, because you strive for perfection in the world, not in spirit. You have forgotten that you are not fighting against flesh and blood, but against the powers and spirits of the world that are in the service of evil. My beloved, do not say that you cannot defeat what is worldly, I am Infinite Mercy and in My Mercy all things are accomplished. I know what each of you is, what dwells within each of you, I know what you do not want to admit, what you hide within yourselves so that your brothers do not see you as you are. I encourage you to cleanse your memory anew, so that, freed from all the waste of the past, you will be ready for radical change. You retain so much in your memory that you have over-saturated it and are confused when you cannot sort it out.... You retain sounds, images, smells, textures, tastes - and that's fine; what's not fine is when you associate a certain sound, smell, texture or taste with a fact from the past that was retained in your memory and caused you pain, and you react defensively. That's why I'm telling you that you should put your memory in order to reject what leads you to be angry, domineering, insensitive, blinded, impatient beings, and even more so the thoughts that, combined with what you have in your memory, lead you to act and behave in the wrong way. You must forgive yourself and learn to believe in yourself again. So many of mine say to me: 'Lord, I have forgiven,' but in an instant what you thought you had forgotten comes out and enters your memory, you take from it what you said you had forgotten, and again the events return to confuse the present. They repeat themselves, causing the spiritual journey to come to a halt. Temptation lurks constantly.... Salvation is constantly calling you.... But you do not know how to keep an inner silence, on the contrary, you allow the double-edged sword - the tongue - to express what needs to be silenced and keep silent what needs to be proclaimed, hoping for your brother's approval in order to please and be praised. No, my children, my people do not walk in such paths, but by the narrow way and effort. No one comes to me except by the path of toil, of thorns, of overcoming oneself in one's humanity. Know me, enter deeply into me, love me, so that you may keep the order of my Law in your mind and not stray into other pernicious paths that contradict my Word. My beloved people, you cannot remember what you do not know, you will not find what you have not recognized as mine and as my Truth. You must enter deeply into the knowledge of what I am pointing out to you, so that you do not fall prey to the evil that afflicts humanity. If you are truly My children, you should tame that which makes you jump like lightning, that which you keep in your human ego and that which you keep rooted, which is not good. At this moment it is necessary for you to understand that human existence depends on the inner and the outer; when it comes to the inner, you have too much that you should uproot, and when it comes to the outer, it is not only what surrounds you in the world, but also what is a threat to humanity and what approaches the earth from the universe. Man doesn't need me; he creates whatever he pleases, without thinking that in an instant man's great technology will dissolve in a single breath and man will return to being one who didn't even have electricity. The great towers of Babel will fall. Evil will take possession of what humanity has given it, and the culmination of the sinister plan will be the persecution of my Church. My people are the people of faith and are aware that I will never abandon them. Pray, children, pray for Venezuela, her brothers will suffer. Pray, children, pray for Italy, its volcanoes are becoming active. Pray, children, pray for Spain, terrorism leads to pain. My beloved people, 'not by bread alone does man live.' You must be fed by my Word; my Holy Spirit will continue to give you my Word and the Word of my Mother, so that my people will grow. Do not break my Law: 'I am who I am.' You wait for the sensational without thinking of the signs that are present behind the sensational, so that you can prepare yourselves. Do not prophesy with an abused free will, prophesy with a Heart full of My Love, My Humility, My Forgiveness, My Mercy. Whoever sees the beam in his brother's eye, let him first look at his own, in this way he will learn that he has too much to correct in himself, and this practice will lead him to humility. You know well that you will undergo the Great Purification, purify yourselves voluntarily so that the burden you carry will be lighter. My beloved people, the Warning is coming, and my people should be strong in their faith, unshaken in their faith, so that after this they can continue to be my people. I bless you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 12 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved nation, I hold you in My hands to protect you with the greatest zeal. You do not allow me to help you. You hold me back by choosing other ways and resorting to what you think is easiest, without considering whether it is right or wrong. My people, what is easiest is not always right, nor is it what will lead you to action harnessed to My work and action, nor is it what will lead you to growth in spirit. I call on you to stop your activities and enter the silence where nothing and no one disturbs you. I call on you to pass on this silence to me, so that we are united and so that you are ready to stay closer to me. Whoever penetrates the inner silence stops what his imagination suggests to him and does not allow his thoughts to run wild, leading him to make judgments or take measures that he thinks will improve his brothers and sisters, without first taking them into himself. You are constantly judging according to your imagination and way of thinking, and this means that iniquity is constantly being born in you. My beloved people, whoever wants to be a judge of his brothers and sisters does so because there is evil in his soul. This is part of the entrenched ego with which you direct all your actions and deeds, that ego which you do not want to please and therefore do not change, that ego which you have polluted with whims and complacency, jealousy and wrong actions. The erroneous human ego lives in the impulsive person who constantly provokes or harms his brothers and sisters. In a selfish person who moves like a snake, seizing everything for himself, and does not share my blessings with his brothers and sisters, in a jealous person who constantly injects poison and does so in the dark where no one can see him, lest he be discovered, but becomes a great danger to his brothers and sisters whom he slanders, and causes great mistakes, undermining even the strongest and destroying the most solid structures, and other weaknesses - I could list more, children. I have called on you to be truly children of my Love, and you are not doing so, because if you were my Love, at this moment you would not have any of the evil cravings I have listed. For some, their effort to change is minimal, and this hurts me, because at this moment, with minimal effort, none of mine will achieve what they need to possess true and complete faith. That's why the evil one attacks you from one side or another, through word or gesture, through misinterpretation or reluctance. Each person takes for himself what he thinks is good and right, and there are few who follow my teachings to the letter, within the framework of my Love. You know that I call you to unity, and in order for you to live in unity, you should love one another in Me, only in this way will you be able to overcome disputes before they arise. I am talking about daily life so that you will be vigilant before you face the intense times of purification. Those who do not prepare at this time will not have another opportunity. My beloveds, you are living in dangerous moments, very dangerous moments, and you will experience such moments again and again. War ceases to be a specter. A small country will become the cause of terror of humanity. Those who did not believe will fall down asking me for help, because around them they will find no one to help them. Man, without thinking, will call for confrontation. The earth will shake without fear, the powerful will make their presence known. Man measures his power for a long time, provocations will not be completely sure, surprise will be the reason for the wrath of the powerful country. Man tries to know in advance what will happen, and I have shown this many times. Do not waste these moments, be persistent. My people are in agony in the sea of what is worldly, where basic instincts prevail and agitation causes man to lose his mind. Pray, my children, pray for the United States; war is being waged not only outside its territory, but also within it. Pray, my children, pray for North Korea; words distract from the real intention. Pray, my children, pray for Italy, they will suffer and grieve, grieve and suffer. Pray my children, the volcanoes are awakening and the earth is shaking. Do not forget to prepare your spirit. How many will regret not confessing their mistakes! How many who reject me will have to make amends! My people must look at themselves, so many intrigues will be punished by Me. My people are not an example, but a cause for sorrow, my people continue to be humiliated by hatred and jealousy against each other. Prayers are daily, but mechanical; you receive me thoughtlessly, without proper preparation and reparation. I am mistreated by those I love, but my Love does not diminish. My beloved people, how many walk the earth without paying attention to the signs of the moment! You will be surprised by a great unexpected event coming from above. Prepare yourselves, study yourselves deeply, do not forget that everyone will study himself in his work and actions. How much my Mother demanded of you in her revelations, and you accepted them without realizing it! ... Humanity suffers from disobedience, from disobedience mourning is approaching. You, my people, do not lose heart, persevere, strengthen one another and be steadfast in practicing my Word. What you have is for your stewardship, so your own square meter must bear the fruit of Eternal Life. My Angel of Peace will come to be a light to my people, who, persecuted by the antichrist, will falter in their faith. He will carry My Word in his mouth, and My Love is nestled in his Heart. He will share bread with the hungry and give drink to the thirsty, but the heart must be willing to recognize Him. My beloved people, do not despair because of the God of this world. 'I am who I am,' and My children are fed like birds of the field. My word should be daily food for you. Do not be afraid, I carry you in My hands. My beloved ones, I call upon you to pray the Holy Rosary throughout the world, at 6 p.m. in every country, for world peace. Do not be afraid, I am with you. Do not be afraid, I love you and bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 20 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you every moment, not holding back My Love for My people. I look upon you with eternal love in the midst of humanity, which captivates the hearts of those who are Mine and continually hardens them, causing the spirit to fall. You have allowed the worldly to lead you to fall into misery, to corrupt you so that you love the material and do not even think about the spiritual, because it seems to you something fictitious. How difficult my people are! Just like their pagan ancestors; some think that by abiding by me they will not go through trials, or they misinterpret my Word and are sure that I will protect their material goods. If you think this way, you are distancing yourself from me and showing a lack of faith. If faith were like a mustard seed, you would tell the mountain to move and it would move', but the faith you have is weak and you give great power to evil, knowing that our Will has the ultimate triumph. How many come to this explanation of My Word out of curiosity! ... And this should not be so, for he who seeks Me out of curiosity will seek Me out of necessity. I even see some of you who remain between 'already' and 'not yet'. How much you will regret not believing at this time! Our Will has announced to you all that is happening and will happen, not to frighten you with the events that are approaching for humanity, but to prepare you. How much I ache for those who will neither listen, nor read, nor believe, and who live without awareness of what is happening in the world, who live without awareness of the pain of their brothers and sisters, who are persecuted for following me! I see you believing and trusting more in science than in our Divine Will, which knows what will happen. I see you listening attentively to climate reports, listening attentively to economic experts, listening to analysts of politics, war or religious affairs.... But you ignore me, disregard me, push me away and do not believe me. Our will warn you about the changes you will undergo and suffer from nature, and you continue to ignore our word. And when people warn you about the coming event, you take precautions not to suffer. Man does not reckon with our Divine Will, and that is why evil uses disbelief to take you to extremes, where denial is the result of man's lack of knowledge and spirituality. I love my children, but each will receive the fruit of their work and action, their faith and their commitment .... From their spiritual growth and struggle against evil ... From their love for their neighbor ... Of how much you love my Father ... Of the measure with which you measured your brothers and sisters ... Of judgments passed without basis or with basis, which you should have kept the secret of your heart ... Of the slanders with which you defamed your brother or sister .... About the slanders with which you have violated the good name of a brother or sister .... How many of you serve in my temples in some service and are creatures who do not even deserve to stand before the altar, because they take my Law into their own hands! You will come to me and be ashamed, for I will make you see how you have turned my children away from my House, being more sinful than those you singled out. Every human being, if he does not love his fellow man, if he is not truly humble, if he lowers himself so as to be the last, runs the risk of not tasting Eternal Life, because the misuse of free will will lead him to his own damnation if he does not properly repent. Right now, fools, scattered all over the earth, are discussing My Word, and they all think they possess the truth. Hypocrites! If they were so interested in Our Will, they would take advantage of this moment to warn My people about how much they will suffer, and they would open their eyes so that their minds would activate knowledge, and knowledge would force them to reason, because what is to come is certain and imminent. My beloved people, the earth is undergoing a transformation in every cosmic event of great magnitude that happens near it, and you are moving toward the phenomenon and see no further than what is a spectacular phenomenon or attraction. The Earth suffers from events that affect it, and man does not think about this, does not take seriously the fact that the Earth does not have the same magnetic field as in the past. Children, you don't believe my Word, you don't believe that such a great degree of sin is involved in attracting disasters to the earth and accelerating them. You do not pay attention when I call you to pay attention to the continuous and increasing wave of violence in humanity and the fact that the earth itself is vomiting the sin of man. The earth's magnetism has weakened and you are not strengthening prayer or requests for your protection, but on the contrary, you are strengthening sin. I do not call upon you only to pray in words, but to build up prayer with deeds and works united with Our Will. My beloved people, the nucleus of the earth is in the process of change, the earth itself is in the process of change, and you must be more spiritual beings in order to advance and ascend to Our Blessed Trinity. Pray children, pray for humanity, which is unaware of what is happening to it, of what is coming, and will suffer. Pray children, pray for Colombia, for it will shake hard. Pray children, pray for Chile, that people will weep over the power of nature. Pray children, pray for New Zealand, it will be shaken. Pray children, pray, anger will overwhelm man with greater force. Humanity will live in constant fear. My people, I am God, and therefore I call on you to awaken, to react, to turn to our Trinity and to the Mother of mankind, to your brothers on the road and your Advocates; it is urgent that mankind return to spirituality. Evil has taken over and it is man's duty to stop it, and to do so, man must become spiritual. Great changes are coming for mankind, and only a man of faith will understand in his spirit what is happening, so that he will not be deceived and join evil. My beloved people, I bless you, I love you, but the forces of evil are grabbing my children unawares and ruling them, urging them to reproduce evil. This is the cause of the continuous wave of acts of terror of man against man himself. In this way, the antichrist makes himself known with his gigantic steps towards humanity, not hiding the power that man has given him. Those who work for him want the destruction of a large part of humanity, so they are pursuing war. Make haste, my people! Be faithful to my Law, do not interpret the Commandments, they are what they are. By God's Will, our Angel of Peace will come after the appearance of the Antichrist, so that you do not confuse him with evil. He will be a comfort to my people and will serve you with the Divine Word, so that you do not forget the strength of our love and do not give in to evil out of despair. Like a precious pearl, our Angel of Peace remains in our House to go to my people at the right time. My beloved people, the earth is shaking strongly, the purification of this generation is approaching. Our Trinity does not abandon you, keep faith in our protection, be obedient and do not attach yourselves to earthly gods. With my help, living in faith and obedience, continue to be beacons of faith that bear witness to my Love present in humanity. Come to my call, it is not immediate for refusal, but for the unity of my people. I bless you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 23 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. Blessed is he who has believed. Blessed is he who listens to the voice of his shepherd. Blessed is he who loves his brothers and sisters. Blessed is he who does not exalt himself. Blessed is he who sees my Son in his brother and sister. Blessed is he who does not call himself 'chosen.' Blessed is he who gives himself lovingly to his brothers and sisters. Blessed is he who loves and forgives, forgives and loves. Blessed is he who fulfills the Commandments of God's Law. Blessed is he who gives himself to the service of my Son in every moment of his existence. Blessed is he who protects his soul, who masters his human ego and approaches permanent union with his spirit blessed by the Spirit of God. Blessed is he who is not like the merchant outside the temple. Blessed is he who respects the thinking of his brothers and sisters when it differs from his own. Blessed is he who has the right wisdom to correct his brothers and sisters with brotherly love. Blessed is he who does not think he is always right about everything. Blessed is he who knows how to be silent in the mystery of his heart. Blessed is he who tames his tongue and does not allow it to hurt his brothers and sisters. Blessed is the one who does not make his brothers and sisters connect with Divinity, but with Divine Love takes them by the hand and leads them quickly but with patience. Blessed is he who has understood that a moment is not a moment and that each earthly day is one day closer to the fulfillment of the prophecies. Blessed is he who gives his all in following my Son. Blessed is he who is prudent. Blessed is he who subdues his human ego and does not harm his neighbor. Blessed is he who has opened his heart to God's love and therefore loves his brothers and sisters in spirit and truth. I have shed my tears, beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my tears of blood, for, traversing the earth for centuries, I have collected the blood of the innocent and many martyrs of this generation. I have shed my tears of blood for those of my children who have been, are and will be victims of mistreatment by some of my priests, whom I implore to fulfill their vows and pray that the enemy will not defeat them. You, because you are priests, are constantly persecuted by many demons, so you must remain strong and live the sublime moment of consecration in spirit and truth. In you, in your hands, you hold and bear witness to the great miracle of transubstantiation. I shed my tears of blood for those who somehow want to lord it over their brothers and sisters and threaten them with the loss of Eternal Life. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son is freedom, but you know very well that man's free will tends to disconnect from my Son at this time, when evil is persecuting man from every possible direction. Evil is so subtle that it may be imperceptible to you, so you must remain united to the Holy Spirit, asking for discernment in every step you take, in every action, in every work, and even more so in every word that comes out of your mouth. My motherhood did not end with receiving you at the foot of the Cross, but began there, and will not end until I present you to my beloved Son. Therefore, my Word, which is the Will of God, will not cease, so that the people of my Son will be aware of what is the Will of God, so that they will not err or take false steps. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not believe that by being faithful and making constant efforts to obey and do the will of the Father, you will be exempted from the coming events. I have shown mankind, in all my revelations, what awaits you in this very generation, in which you can clearly distinguish all the signs that I have mentioned to you as a condition for the fulfillment of my revelations. You are a disobedient people, you do not believe, you constantly want to put your finger in the wound in order to believe, you reason so much that you sometimes consider yourselves better than yourselves to judge your brothers. This is not right, because none of my children can judge their brothers and sisters. God's Mercy knows no bounds, but it is not because of it that Divine Justice does not exist, because the one who is not true, the one who does not strive, the one who does not fulfill the Commandments, the one who does not have love, the one who is not humble, the one who does not give his all to follow my Son, will receive his payment, and it will not be the same as the payment received by the one who repents consciously and with the firm intention of not returning to sin. You are living at a time that is too serious for you to continue to take Heaven's call lightly. This generation will taste the bitter cup of purification. The earth itself is in constant development, and in its process of development it no longer resists human sin so much, so it is shaking and will continue to shake with great force. I have seen you joyfully participate in the eclipse, and that is why I want you to reflect, to analyze, because I see that the joy of serving my Son is constantly eclipsed, because you put the world first and put aside the requests of my Son. I call upon all mankind to remove the blindfold from their eyes, to see the reality of events, to recognize and take full stock of the sin that reigns on earth. I call on you because of the urgent need for the spiritual preparation of every person, because as a Mother, I do not want the Warning to overwhelm you without repentance for evil deeds, without recognizing yourself as a sinner. The pain of the soul in the Warning will be unimaginable, because nothing it has committed will remain hidden. I am saddened because even with this act of God's mercy and the possibility of the Salvation of the human race, some will rebel and persecute my children. This indignation in which some live, this foolishness that some maintain, this indifference, this disobedience in which some of my children live permanently, will pierce their Hearts with pain, because when they want to break out of the tentacles of evil, they will not be able to come out, because they have already imprisoned them in them, and they will fight with all their strength so that their souls will not belong to my Son and that their conscience will be nullified and they will not feel the need to seek my Son. As a Mother, I grieve over this.... My children, pray for Italy. Italy will suffer greatly. Italy will be invaded and its Heart will feel the force of hatred and those who reject my Son and those who do not love me. Pray, My children, pray for Spain. Spain will be stricken with viciousness, it will suffer to the depths, and its territory will be plundered. Pray, my children, for the United States. The country of the eagle will suffer. Freedom, which appears with torch in hand, will be shattered by those who encroach on its territory. Its land will shake, just as most of the earth will shake, for there will be few days when a country will not feel the force of the earth's tremors. Pray, my children, pray for each other, because there will come a time when no one will feel safe in his country, which is why I have called you to unity, to protect each other. Pray, my children, for Argentina, it will be taken by surprise by the people of its own homeland and this land of my Heart will lose peace for a short time, because those who hide in darkness will come into the light. Children of my Immaculate Heart, you must return to the way of my Son.... you must fight the base instincts, the selfishness in which you constantly walk.... Turn back to my Son, turn back to my Son; this is necessary, because the powers will move from words and threats to war. I, as the Mother of Humanity, warn you and assure you of my protection, so that your souls will not be lost if you do the Will of God. Be obedient to my calls, do not be foolish, be obedient. I bless you in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 26 2017 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of My people, you are My people and I love you.... You are My children, those whom I love and for whom I gave Myself on the Cross. My beloved people, I see you going after heretics, I see you going after those who do not love Me and who say that I have chosen them to be My instruments. Do not forget that 'not everyone who says: Lord, Lord, will enter the Kingdom of Heaven'. You are in great confusion; my Church is on the eve of schism, you have left the Commandments to the free interpretation of my people, who, as in the days of Moses, have grown tired of waiting and have given themselves over to the worship of false idols. My Church is repeating the same errors because it is not obeying our Divine Will and is not obeying my Mother in what she has asked of you in her repeated revelations. My Mother has revealed to you, her children, the Divine Will, but you have closed your ears and hardened your hearts for fear of offending those whom my Mother has ordered to be consecrated to her Immaculate Heart. Because of disobedience, my Church has not consecrated Russia to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother, and humanity will suffer for it. If obedience had been greater than fear, humanity would not be facing war. The Immaculate Heart of my Mother will triumph, will triumph, but for this my people will be subjected to what could have been avoided, will be purified. The devil is usurping souls everywhere, and my children, what are you doing to avoid this loss of souls? My Church is immersed in the neglect of the Salvation of souls. My priests are largely failing to catechize my people, but the sermons are light as foam, indulging in sin so that the community does not leave. But what is the state of the inner temple of my people? Plagued by snakes, invaded by darkness and the faint odor of sin that overpowers everything, because man keeps forgetting me. I need my people to focus on their inner temple, to continue to strive for a life more like mine, more devoted to silence and more focused on fulfilling the signs of the moment, so as not to be unaware of what is happening. Do not be creatures of appearances or masks to be used at every opportunity, be creatures of Divine Love who travel the road, carrying my Word wherever they go, and who, when they are not well received, do not hide, but shake off the dust, and then seek other brothers and sisters, other places where they can evangelize. My people do not speak, do not preach.... my people have been victims of the theft of words and concepts proper to me, and at the moment they are shocked to hear various words or concepts used by new ideologies or sects, and so they stop using them. This is giving in to those who enter my Church to steal what is mine, to appropriate it for themselves and surround my children to weaken them. Children, do not fall into ignorance, sects and movements based on foreign philosophies have usurped my Word and what is of my House to bring confusion. Man is a miracle of my Father, he possesses the best and greatest engineering system, and science could not easily discover it. My Father endowed man with an exemplary and perfect circulatory system so that the blood is distributed throughout the body, the same is true for the other systems that the human body has. Is it not a laboratory of the most perfect quality? My people have seen esoteric movements use words like 'energy' to hijack them, and so that Catholics who use them feel that they belong to these sects, or are pointed out by their own brethren. No, children! The human body is in constant motion, it doesn't stop, and this motion produces energy, and energy produces vibration, and vibration is a form of communication that the body emits outward to bless your brothers and sisters or to pollute your brothers and sisters with negativity. Our Trinity is not a noun, it is a verb.... Our Trinity is constantly in the process of creating and forgiving, loving and giving good to man. The statist person is the one who does nothing and expects to receive everything without the slightest effort, and this is not correct. My children must work for their Salvation and for the Salvation of souls. My beloved people, insulting and disrespecting each other causes me great pain, because disrespect is the means by which the enemy penetrates souls, causing disunity, division and disconnection. There are so many signs that I am patenting for you that my Heart is drowning in the indifference of humanity, which looks at what is happening in the world with contempt and total indifference. This generation is proving to be completely ignorant and this causes me pain, with so many advances, man closes his eyes and becomes ignorant of the spirit and completely ignorant of what is happening in the world. You don't cultivate the spirit, you live, feeding the human ego, if you are healthy, you are not interested in anything that your brothers and sisters are suffering. But upheaval and upheaval will come to the whole earth, nature will awaken those ignorant who live only by their 'ego' and their comfort. My beloved people, the number of souls who are attentive to grow and feed on My Love is diminishing. Sin and constant offense against Me are a sign of Satan's dominion over mankind, Freemasonry has established itself in My Church and exalts man as God, with his debauchery and his whims, with his rebellion and arrogance against Our Divine Will. Other sects are settling in Rome aided by Freemasonry, so that my people will be confused and indifferent to the events I announce to them, and in this way the antichrist will find mankind weak and ignorant. My beloved people, you must remain confident in my warnings and my Mother's revelations, which are only an excess of our Will's love for you. Know the history of mankind, the history of my people, to be aware that without spirituality you will not go far, but will destroy each other. Man carries within himself a rebellion, introduced by the media, not only the communication media, but by the invention of cinema and video games, with which the youth of today have grown up. Reacting against oneself is common in man, who imitates the 'winners' created by misused technology. My beloveds, you must know, you must penetrate deeply into what is happening in the world. Don't be like the fools who, looking up at the sky, say that this is the earth. The stubbornness of man troubles me, saddens me.... Pray my children, pray for Rome, it will be invaded and the Vatican shaken by forces opposed to my Church. Pray, my children, pray for Portugal, hatred is coming to invade this people of my Mother. Pray for my children, pray for Venezuela, the blood of my children is still being shed. Pray, my children, pray for England, which is suffering from terrorism. Pray my children, pray for North Korea, it excites the senses of the powerful. Pray my children, pray, the Warning is near. Beloved of my people, I call upon you to be faithful. I will not be lenient to those who commit injustices and do not repent of them. Otherwise I would not be a Righteous Judge. My beloved people, do not be like the hypocrites who scourge My true instruments. Do not be tormentors of those who serve Me without fear. Do not be among those who cry out: 'Crucify the one who serves Christ'. My beloved people, you must regain the love I offer you, you must strive to overcome the 'ego' that rules you. As long as you do not master the 'ego' and spiritualize it, you run the risk of becoming instruments of evil and being those who prevent My Word from spreading in peace. These are the moments when good and evil are arguing over souls, you don't see it with the eyes of the body, but some of you perceive it in the spirit. You perceive it in the spirit because you have come closer to me. I have called you to prepare to receive the blessing of my Angel of Peace, but you do not make the effort, the transformation of my people is not permanent and my Spirit does not dwell where light and darkness live together in total lukewarmness. The moment has already come for the light of my Spirit to prevail in you completely. Our Trinity blesses you; be worthy of this blessing - I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 30 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless each of you who cherish the word that comes to you from the Will of God. I bless the hearts of each of my children. I bless with my Love all those who receive this word and put it into practice. Beloved children, I call upon you to realize the urgent need for conversion; this is not the moment to stir up evil among brothers and sisters, nor to seek opposition, nor to utter slander or insult; you have had enough of this from those who do not love my Son, from those who have allied themselves with evil. My Son's people are accustomed to rising up against each other, because you lack true love and live in lukewarmness. Lukewarmness is very dangerous for those who live in such a way that one moment they seem out of my Son, and the next, when they are not being watched, they lash out like wolves to destroy what they do not like. This is how evil works, which leads you to feel that you are useful through disagreement. You do not understand that evil is constantly putting you to the test so that you will renounce my Son. Therefore, remember that you must be strong in order not to allow evil to achieve its goal. Every one of my Son's faithful people is a threat to evil, and that is why it intends to chill your faith, to worry you with the smallest thing it can think of, because it wants to divert you from the path to Eternal Life. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, there are constant ambushes to steal peace from the world. War is advancing against humanity, step by step, step by step. Provocations are constant, until an act of madness unleashes what will inevitably be the greatest act of madness. Beloved ones, pain will erupt because of war, nations will be left as if abandoned, and at that point all of humanity will be affected by the product of the scourge of war in one way or another. Beloved ones, all that man did not want to see and experience will see and experience at the hand of Herod of this generation. Mankind is growing in its desire for freedom; the devil seized it in order to make it libertinism, and man in turn seized this libertinism in order to portray My Son as the enemy of freedom. These are the actions of the devil to draw my children away from the true path. At the moment, man has greater opportunities to move away from my Son through misused technology and the small search for spirituality in which most of humanity lives. The lack of prayer has allowed evil to penetrate this generation more quickly. It is urgent that you be beings of prayer and action. It is urgent that you approach my Son not only in confession, but also with genuine sorrow for evil deeds and a firm goal of improvement. It is urgent that you come to receive my Son in the Eucharist. It is urgent that you be more heavenly. I encourage you to pray for all of humanity to defend each other spiritually, and you will not achieve this without prayer and action. My children, I encourage you to be truer, loving in the love of my Son and not seeing yourselves as rivals on this path. The path of spiritual creation must be born out of love for my Son, so that in this way neither envy, nor resentment, nor greed, nor pride, nor arrogance, nor lack of love, nor rivalry, nor desire for first places will touch you. One who loves in God's Love will never rise up against his brother or sister, and so a spiritually mature person will be distinguished from one who lives lukewarmly. Beloved people of my Son, trials for mankind continue. The sin that abounds in man and remains on earth is a point of attraction for the heavenly bodies to approach the earth more often. In an instant you will see the moon take on the color of blood, as a notice to mankind of the proximity of the Warning of which I have already warned you. Man's foolishness in denying a place of punishment to souls who do not repent and change their lives has led to more souls falling into the clutches of the devil. Do not be among those who cooperate so that mankind falls into the power of the devil. Hell exists, just as Divine Justice exists, just as day and night, the earth and the firmament exist. You know that as humanity approaches the complete fulfillment of my revelations, there will be more and more of those who deny my Son, deny His real presence in the Eucharist, deny the meaning of penance and deny my motherhood. Beloved people of my Son, when you deny sin, when you deny God's law, when a man ceases to be a man and a woman ceases to be a woman, when children are deprived of their innocence and mankind disregards the love of my Son and forbids my Son's children to wear visible sacramentals, and when priestly duties are disregarded.... my children, evil will be one step away from declaring itself a false 'Christ'. And you know that this is what the deceiver will do, who will scourge humanity like never before. Right now there is darkness, error, lack of love that permeates humanity with increasing insistence. Anger and nonconformism grow uncontrollably, man rebels at everything, until the allies of evil achieve their goal, bringing chaos to the whole earth. In the face of instability, nations will rise up, and that's when brother will rise up against brother, disavowing blood ties, and because of this grave sin, three days of darkness will fall on the earth. The epidemic is going like the wind across the land, be aware of it. Once you are warned, do not show yourselves, it will not look, it will not have mercy. Beloved children, pray for the United States, the scourge is galloping across this land without truce. Beloved children, pray for France and Italy, they are suffering from terrorism and nature. Beloved children, pray for Mexico, which is shaking hard. Beloved children, pray for Guatemala, its land is suffering and shaking. My children are suffering. Beloved children, pray for Argentina, sorrow is approaching. Commend her to our Sacred Hearts. Beloved children, pray for the Church of My Son, pray. My children are peaceful, do not participate in the anger that evil spreads over people, so that disorder and instability will reign on earth. The Angel of Peace will be sent to guide those who feel alone and abandoned by the Father's House to the right path; he will be the great opponent of the antichrist and will be the lamp that gives light to the faithful of My Son. The Angel of Peace is a great obstacle to the antichrist and will be the one who will call sin, sin, and good, good. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are not abandoned by God the Father, He watches over His children. Evil passes over humanity, but it will never be its conqueror. When you believe that evil has taken over all power and believe that you as the people of my Son have been exterminated, do not stop, do not lose faith. This will be the moment of triumph of my Immaculate Heart by Divine command and desire. I continue to shed my tears all over the earth, as a sign of my presence and the suffering of my children, as a prelude to the moments preceding the tribulation for humanity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, what this Mother asks of her children, you must fulfill. I call you out of God's Will, I warn you out of love, not to frighten you, I warn you because I love you and will never abandon you, but I will lead you to my Son. Do not lose faith in the protection that the Father's House maintains over its children. Do not lose faith, keep it at all times. I love you, I bless you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 05 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I am before each of my children to guide you in the Will of God, at times when evil is constantly lurking, and you are not adequately prepared to resist and reject this force of evil, because you do not think about your personal work and action. I see that you are still the same, above all in the unexpected and constant awakening of the human ego, full of that great intelligence that has grown on the emotions of each of you at various unforeseen moments in life. You constantly refuse to obey; when I urge you to be more vigilant, you turn out to be more negative and more rebellious. It is the human ego that rebels against orders, it is the human ego that wants to persist in its free will, and for this reason you fail to move forward. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you know very well that evil lurks to degrade you and lead you to evil and wrong works, to evil and wrong actions. What is most painful to my Heart is that I see you constantly falling because of your repeated changes of affection, because of the fact that you constantly change your minds, and because of this I see you departing among the great masses who live in lukewarmness. My Son does not need great sages or great scholars among you, but he needs men and women with humble hearts, living the love of God in their hearts to give it to their neighbors. My Son needs true children, not in appearance, but sincere, upright and determined, with a firm intention to change at any time. You must bear witness, if you do not bear good witness, you are hypocrites seemingly dressed in white. Humanity is stuck in chaos and blindness caused by vices. Man does not reject pride, but on the contrary, boasts of his pride in order to oppress the humble. The Devil rejoices in man's impiety and greed, in the lack of mercy, in the frigidity and misery of the human Heart. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, we have been guiding you to come out of darkness, and yet all of you are voluntarily plunging into darkness, all the more responsive to Heaven's requests that you be saved. You will not be creatures strengthened in faith if you do not first grow internally. I want true children who rise above their misfortunes, not those misfortunes that would make you more miserable. You cannot call yourselves creatures of faith if you are not prepared for inner transformation. You will not be true Christians if you are not like my Son. Who turns the other cheek? Who sees his mistakes, who forgives, who forgets, who...? What you must do, my children, is to completely renew yourselves, until you do this, you cannot move forward. Children, nature is moving forward on earth with great force, it is a response to the one who invaded it and nature no longer recognizes him. It is nature that calls humanity to turn its gaze back to God. Man is removed from his responsibility in purification. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, there are so many who think they are doing good, and so few humble ones who recognize themselves as sinners! Do not wait any longer, be honest with yourselves, be aware of the moment in which you live and the great interference that Satan maintains in humanity, bending hearts and capturing brilliant minds to debate the Commandments of the Eternal Father. The time has come for you to see yourselves inwardly, to reconsider and approach my Son. He is waiting for you to accept you, but in order to do so, the great inner change I mentioned must take place in each of you. Pray children, pray for the United States, nature is scourging it, the earth is shaking. Pray children, pray for Colombia, this land will suffer until it is cleansed. Nature will cleanse you. I encourage you to consecrate this land to my Immaculate Heart without delay. Pray my children, pray for Argentina, it will experience moments of tragedy. I urge you to quickly consecrate this land to my Immaculate Heart. My children, pray for South Korea, that prudence will be the weapon to disarm evil. Volcanoes will roar, waking man from sleep, in one place and another, they will cause man to call upon the Creator. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, our Angel of Peace will bring you peace. It will be received by those who live in peace. It will be doubly difficult for those who do not know peace to awaken this virtue. You who read this motherly word out of love and conviction, and not out of duty or for derision, you my children, be honest with yourselves. How will you recognize peace if you do not live it, if you do not practice it? Our Angel of Peace has his eyes on the ground, you are not unknown to him. Our Angel of Peace sheds tears because of the lack of commitment, loyalty, devotion and faith in which My Son's people walk. My Son has suffered, is suffering and will suffer for each of you, but what effect will my Words have in hearts of stone? nevertheless I will not abandon you at any time, I will go even to purgatory to help you. Those who repent and who, with a contrite heart, wish to approach my Son, let them do so at this moment, do not wait for another. Every moment in which you live is a moment of greater spiritual demands, and in order for you to survive in the midst of this struggle, you must increase your faith and be beings nourished by divine love. The earth is still depressed. This Mother wants everyone to be saved, but I know with great pain that not everyone wants to be saved. My Son cries out for each individual, but you reject Him because of the influence of evil. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Heart is still waiting for you to call upon me. My Son keeps Me among you to strengthen you and help you. Do not forget that I love you and will not abandon you. After the great purification of mankind, my Son will return in His Second Coming, and you, His faithful people, will walk towards Him and together with all of creation will give all honor and glory to the Most Holy Trinity. I love you, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 10 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, children of My Most Sacred Heart. I see my people in great confusion, fearful, not because of disrespect for me, but in the face of what is a danger to them. Some think that they are completely faithful to me and that their work and actions are pure and dedicated enough to make atonement for all humanity. This, children, is hubris. I will not rest until the majority of my children come to me. As a beggar of love I relentlessly search for souls, I do not want any of my children to be lost. You are my followers and should be doers of my Truth, but you are not the Truth. I call you again and again, for man quickly becomes accustomed to forgetting, and it is not my desire that you forget what I demand of you and what you should fulfill in order to stay on my path. My people, pray at all times, being conscious of every word, so that this consciousness prevails even when you have finished praying, and in this way continue to pray with your actions and works. Everything that comes out of you must be the fruit of this constant prayer in spirit and truth, so that you do good and spread it everywhere. Humanity suffers from a thirst for love, a thirst for faith, a thirst for hope, a thirst for mercy. Humanity at the moment is living with an excess of free will that is abused and gives itself over to what offends me. Faith does not exist; you doubt the explanations of My Word, My Mother and what comes from My Father's house. You doubt with great ignorance, from which you do not want to escape. Some of my children have appropriated my Truth, but they are proud people because they think they possess divine thinking and are constantly judging. Ignorant is he who, knowing that he is limited, pronounces judgments against our Will. My people, this moment of unhappiness for this generation is born in this stubbornness, in this human stupidity that makes you feel that you are above Our Will. Interests prevail in you and even your words are expressed with that personal touch suggesting that what you think is best for you. You have set aside Our Will, failing to measure your works and deeds, and because of this you find yourselves facing the disastrous result of how much you have produced. Every event we warned you about will come true. Nothing will remain unfulfilled at one time or another, but will be fulfilled in this generation of such perversity. You are heading toward the Great Purification and the succession of events that you already know well, in such a sequence that it will be difficult for you to help each other. The actions of one against the other will lead you to great conflicts in countries you least thought about. Mankind ignores the fact that the elements have been changed and that they are altering normal human behavior, which manifests itself in riots, protests, threats, terrorism, the use of nuclear weapons.... Man acts, not thinks. My people, the sun emits dangerous emanations towards the earth, do not expose yourself to the sun, unknown diseases caused by the sun appear. My people, the destruction without measure that man has caused in nature is the lament of man at this time. My people disrespect me, disregard my omnipotence and relegate me to the falsity of ideologies that you are very quick to accept. The attacks of nature, combined with the difficulties among the great nations, will cause an unexpected collapse of the economy and will be the lament of man, who will despair over the fall of his God. Beloved children, be vigilant, the earth's orbit will change, the earth will continue to shake in one place and another. Pray my children, pray for Russia, she will suffer from nature. Pray, my children, pray for the United States, it is suffering again. Pray, my children, pray for Chile, it is shaking with great force. Pray for Central America, the earth is trembling and Colombia is shaking with great force. My beloved people, continue to consecrate yourselves to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother and to my Sacred Heart. Each consecration is a spiritual rebirth for you, it is a renewed renunciation of evil and a renewed adherence to the truth. My beloved people, pray for Italy, they will be shaken and attacked. My Angel of Peace is the fruit of Divine Love for each of you. He will give you peace and spiritual health. In the silence of my Divine Love, in my Name, he will give health to those who need it and may it be for the good of their souls. The Antichrist will rally the crowds to make great spectacles, to be applauded by the people. Therefore, I have called you to spiritual growth and discernment, to be reconciled to Me, to be bearers of My Love, to make reparation and to see Me in your brother and sister. Children, pay attention, at this moment some people are proclaiming themselves as my spirit, they are being used by evil to confuse you. 'I am who I am. Be witnesses to my Truth, not that of men, but my Truth.... Decide and eliminate that which keeps you highly attached to the worldly.... Entrust yourselves to our Divine Will, be the clay in our hands, strive to be beings of goodness and get rid of that which holds you back, that which you still have in your human ego and which hinders you from growing. You should change your work and action to better work and action related to our Will. You must crush the evil that remains in the human ego, which is why you are docile and allow Me to shape you. Those of my children who do not bend and change what they should change, such my children will go a longer way than those who choose to bend their human self in those places where it needs transformation. My Holy Spirit is ready to help you, but for this you must be willing and have a strong goal of change. My people, I love you, I urge you to treasure this explanation of My Word. My blessing is with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 13 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Love has no limits, I keep all my children in my Heart. Children, not everyone loves my Son, so I come to you with a plea that you return to the true path and that no more souls perish. Mankind has created a generation without God, without restraint and obedience, without faith and without love. Man considers himself his enemy, and because of all the influences he is constantly receiving from everything around him, he is constantly falling, and these falls are becoming deeper and more difficult for the human creature to overcome. In the face of the condescension of My Son's Church, people go astray when they find freedom in clinging to sin. The denial of the existence of hell as a place of punishment for those who do not abandon sin promotes an even greater degeneration of humanity. Consenting to what is contrary to God's Law has made sin one more thing, without any transcendence, and Satan is constantly stealing souls. Man does not know himself, he lives deceived by his human ego, which whispers to him: 'you're doing everything right, keep it that way.' This generation is not aware, does not stop, does not see, does not fear in the face of the signs of the times, because it does not know them, has not heard of them. It lives immersed in technology and has no time for God. Man does not allow himself to be corrected, does not allow suggestions to be made on how to become better, where so much evil comes from, so many destroyed families, so much iniquity.... That's why this generation is suffering great tribulation, experiencing great oppression, which is getting stronger every moment. Man's suffering is sharply exacerbated. Therefore, my Son in his mercy disciplines his people, his rebellious, unbelieving, disobedient and unfaithful children, and calls them to obedience. He who did not know about the tribulation will have it before him, for no place will be free from purification. Do not mock or rejoice at the misfortunes of your brothers and sisters, the purification gallops from place to place, at one time or another people suffer. Do not wait for the tribulation, you are living in it, after which there will be a culmination of the great tribulation. Man's rebellion and transgressions against God, worship of the devil and rejection of the One and Triune God is what keeps this generation as the one that will suffer the great tribulation and the scourge of the antichrist. For then there will be a great tribulation such as there has not been since the beginning of the world until now and never will be. So it is that you live from calamity to calamity; creation tells man not to offend my Son any more, but man solves everything by giving scientific explanations. Only those who experience tribulation know that what befalls them is not something that can be called normal. Man claims to have experienced moments of anguish, but he will not experience anguish equal to that during the purification. This is a moment of great trial for the people of my Son, when natural disasters and science misused by man will turn against him and contaminate everything that was given to man by the Eternal Father. The anguish experienced by my children, who have suffered from nature, will be experienced by all people; the four elements have been unleashed to carry out their action on mankind, which they disavow, because mankind does not live, does not realize, does not obey the Will of God. Beloved children, this does not mean that you will be abandoned by the Divine Hand. Therefore, in this explanation of the Divine Word, you are called upon to save your souls, to gain spiritual strength, to not diminish in faith, to strengthen yourselves so that when the antichrist comes, you will not succumb to his wicked lies. You will witness serious and terrible phenomena of all kinds. The earth is roaring from within its core because of the friction in its depths. The earth is warning man not to pollute it any more. This generation will learn the power of nature against man who hurts it. You will witness the invasions of great nations, cruel invaders without mercy. Europe will fall prey to invasions and be enslaved by the slaves of evil. Rome will be invaded, and my faithful children will help the Church of my Son, which will have to be transferred to another nation. Beloved people of my Son, pray in season and out of season, repent, be righteous. Do not think that you are wise, a wise man does not offend his Lord, and this generation will be the creator of greater offenses against the Will of God. You minimize everything that concerns honor and praise, giving thanks and paying homage to Him who is God, whose name is holy and whose children should be holy, therefore purify yourselves. As Mother, I urge you not to break down before this great truth, because far from frightening you, I want to draw you to the truth and for you to recognize that you are not doing right, but outside the Law of God. I protect you, I free you from evil, but for this you must be creatures of good. Love can do everything, so seek and be experts in Divine Love, and the rest will be given to you. Pray my children, pray for San Francisco, it will suffer to the depths. Pray, my children, pray for England, which is suffering from terrorism and nature. Pray, my children, pray for the Philippines, as it will be shaken by volcanoes. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico, the sin that overflows in that nation is making it suffer. Pray, people of my Son, pray. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 18 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, children of My Most Sacred Heart, I bless you. I look upon you with Infinite Love, as infinite as My Mercy is infinite for each of you. In the dark night in which my redeemed humanity moves, the upheaval and confusion in which you live causes me pain. The evil of mankind came from man's lack of love for himself. No one who does not love himself can love his brothers and sisters. Every creature has its own idea of what love is. As long as this is the reality, it will be very difficult for you to love me and worship me properly, just as it is very difficult for you to love your brother without putting your own concept above love for your neighbor. You are unable to detach yourselves from the abused human ego in your life, you have exchanged free will for indulgence, and indulgence for a great lack of self-love. You have forgotten that you are temples of the Holy Spirit and have become temples of idolatry, selfishness and confrontation, which lead you to shocking dehumanization. My beloved people, I must tell you that unless each person individually proposes an inner transformation in what he needs to change, it will be difficult for him to accept with My Love a brother who is not and does not think like you. In the face of the constant clash of personal human desires, the actions and reactions of selfish man appear, which leads this generation to find itself now. The schism that is gradually affecting my Church will make my children immature, faithless and potentially selfish. The small spirituality in which my people live reveals the sparse education of my Church, which will fall into the clutches of evil, so my angelic legions will remain vigilant in defense of those who repent of their conduct and ask for their help. My beloved people, I have already announced to you the urgency of preparation in view of the nearness of the Warning, in which each one will be alone with his own conscience; the deeds and works of your life will be revealed, even those you do not remember. This personal cleansing is needed for you to properly face the future development of humanity. Not everyone will believe in me after the Warning, although it will be my great Act of Mercy for all mankind. My beloved people, a few days before the Warning and before you see my Cross in the sky, you will see for one day all over the planet a great sign that will tell you that the Warning is already upon you. You will see a circle in the sky and from that circle will descend a beam of light that will not touch anyone and that no one will be able to touch. This sign is one more grace for you through the intercession of my most holy Mother. My beloved people, mankind is in moments of purification and this will continue to come from the cosmos, just as nature will not tire of warning you not to sin again. Pray my children, pray for Jamaica, it will be very purified. Pray my children, pray, total war is a reality. Pray my children, pray, the earth is still shaking all over the planet, pray for Germany. Pray my children, pray, the East will remain on alert. My beloved nation, humanity in general will feel threatened. The lack of fear on the part of those who believe they have power over humanity will lead them to order my people to be wounded with chemical weapons. I am what I am. I do not want my people to suffer any more because of a man who uses science for evil. I will let my hand fall the moment we want it to. Do not forget that you must put aside the human ego that drives you to do harm to your brothers and sisters. You should be beings of goodness, peace and my Love, so that you can rise in spirit. I bless you constantly, but it is up to you to make sure that this blessing is accepted in its entirety by each person. I bless you, know me, so that you will not be confused. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 20 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be good children, so that you do not cause suffering to my Son, who loves you infinitely. Man speaks of what he does not know, mentioning what I have revealed to mankind in my revelations on earth. You compare my revelations with science, and when you do, astonishment arises when you realize that there is no scientific explanation, no matter how you seek it. Man, misusing free will, transforms it into libertinism, choosing to distance himself from everything that means the effort of heart, mind, thought, reason, good concepts, obedience and patience. This is because man is very afraid to set aside his underdeveloped human ego. Transformation creates fear in man, because he doesn't know what will be required of him in connection with this transformation, and the expectation of God's greater demands creates anxiety and fear of goodness, of being a better child of God, this is what man is afraid of. Sin does not create fear in him, but goodness. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, man lives in the midst of the convulsions of the world. It keeps him in constant expectation. The repetitive events to which man is subjected will intensify, with an intensity that man has never seen or experienced. It is necessary for mankind to be cleansed of so much of the sin with which it has joined Satan's hordes, and to unite with those who reject my Son and their brothers and sisters. This generation is offended by signs and symbols that represent God. Therefore, my children, in the Church of my Son, the center must still be my Son in the blessed sacrament. The transubstantiation at the moment of consecration is real and true, even if some of my priests have lost faith in this moment and treat my Son harshly, without respect, without love, with great unbelief, forgetting that my Son makes himself present in the words of consecration of the priest and in the singing of his faithful people. You, my children, must prepare yourselves properly to receive my Son in the Eucharist, you must repent of your sins and try not to make the same mistakes. Do not receive my Son in the Eucharist if you are not properly prepared. I watch with pain as you pass my Son from hand to hand, as if you were dealing with something edible that you bought somewhere to distribute it, insulting what is most holy. Some of my priests are not zealous in their treatment of the Eucharist, and their bad example causes people to repeat the same and not give the Eucharist its true value. At the moment of Eucharistic consecration, the altar is the table of sacrifice and love, on which my Son sees the faith of his people and descends to his own out of love. My priests must be sons of prayer, sons of love, sons of mercy, sons of constancy, sons of hope, sons of compassion and witnesses to the humility of their Lord and their God. My priests must warn the people of my Son not to be misled by those who deny evil, who deny the dogmas of the faith that contain the great foundation; they must not be among those who deny God, who is the Righteous Judge. Every human creature decides of its own free will where it is going, whether to love and forgive, or to deny God's Love, and thus suffer the consequences of sin itself, like the place of punishment, hell, if there is no repentance. And the sea brought forth the dead who were in it, death and Hades brought forth the dead who were in them, and all were judged according to what they had done. Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. This is the second death, the lake of fire. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are experiencing moments of great danger to the soul. These are moments in which the devil distracts my children from all that is good in order to doom them. It is urgent, my children, that this danger in which you live not be magnified by tolerance of evil. You must call sin sin. Beloved, Heaven, purgatory and hell exist. Mankind, immersed in the worldly, believes that God does not exist and therefore lives in the madness of the world, not thinking about the future of its soul, because it lives blinded by sin. Man's will is indulgent, and yet he thinks that it is impossible for chastisement to come upon his life because of his evil deeds. I know as a Mother that you will laugh at my Words and blame my instrument because of such a statement, because he who is worldly does not understand or does not want to accept the consequences of the misuse of his free will. Therefore, my priests must be firm and stand firm on the Scriptures and God's law. Beloved children, the earth has been affected by the consequences of sin. Mankind will become more violent, will be totally disrespectful, will invade and destroy temples. This is the product of a man without God, a man who has been given a new opportunity to continue sinning, a man who has been denied that God can judge, a man who has been told that sin is forgiven even without feeling sorrow for sin and that God is Love. The product of man without God is the destruction of the great work of the Father, the sacrifice of my Son, and the denial of the existence of the Holy Spirit. Beloved children, return to the Word of God, do not stray from the truth, be attached to the Holy Scriptures. God is Mercy and at the same time a Righteous Judge. Walk with love and a sure step, be the fruit of my Son's love for you and my Love as the Mother of Humanity. Pray for my children, pray for the United States, which is suffering greatly because of the nature that is shaking it. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico, it is being cleansed again. Pray, my children, pray for the Middle East, it is suffering at the hand of man, and the volcanoes will not be delayed. Pray, my children, pray for Italy, it is cleansed without expecting it. Pray, my children, pray for Peru, it is shaken. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, humanity is witnessing what nature has reserved for this moment. The great and astonishing effects of nature will be seen on earth, where they are not expected. Be careful, sacrifice every moment for the Salvation of souls. Make a decision to transform your life on the path of personal Salvation and the Salvation of your brothers and sisters. Do not wait, convert, this is the right time. I protect you to walk with my Son, I reach out to you so that you can rise in temptation. I am your Mother and I love you. Pray, exercise your love for my Son. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 25 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, in My Infinite Love I have allowed man to draw near to Me and thus grow in spirit, and be more of My House than of the world. At every moment in the history of generations, I have shown my Mercy toward my children. In the same way, humanity - stubborn, blind and disobedient - has rebelled and suffered for its sins. The people of this moment are debating whether or not My Mercy punishes, refusing to see themselves as the cause of their own suffering. My beloved people, when the human creature by its deeds and actions shows that it is outside of Our Divine Will, opposing the Divine Law written directly by My Father's hand on the tablets of the Law, it rebels and interprets everything that is ours through human free will. The Commandments are to be applied at all times and for all people. Man, by going against God's Law and disobeying it, has desecrated the word of my Father. In the face of such an act, I must once again express that a man who acts well receives good, giving birth to good. A man who acts badly receives evil as a product of his bad conduct when he does not repent of his sins, does not recognize them, does not admit them and does not have a firm intention to improve. This generation has regressed and has come to profane our Divine Will, giving a free interpretation to God's Law, an act that generates the greatest misfortunes as a consequence of a free interpretation of what is holy. Mankind lives in liberalism and has taken the Word and Law of God to interpret it irresponsibly, thus giving freedom to the devil to grow at every moment and for new forms of sin to appear. You have not understood that with every sin, evil grows, expands, takes over humanity and manages to manifest itself in all aspects of society. It is my people themselves who are at this moment giving their work and action to evil, so that the latter continues to pollute everything in its path and injects its venom of modernism and error, disrespect and rebellion, its insults and heresies against our Will. How many of you cry 'Our Father' and are great rebels who do not fulfill the Commandments and mock the requests of My Mother! Mankind, living in evil, causing constant insults to our Most Holy Trinity, receives the fruits of their works and deeds. Therefore, out of my great love, I do not constantly punish my children, but my Justice is real. I allow man's misused freedom to be his own executioner. My beloved people, this moment of purification must also be a moment of correction. I am Love and every act of reparation is accepted by Me, only that you forget that reparation must be accompanied by the intention to abide in it, which must not be momentary, but permanent. Man shows compassion when he suffers and cries out to Me for help, and I listen to him and help him, but when the moment of pain, trial, fear passes, he returns to lukewarmness and caves in to what is human, and continues to offend Me and cling to evil. My Love, in which man should constantly live, is the standard of life I left you. But you instead start searching for what you lack, and reason in your own way, not in My way. You set goals according to your own lines, not according to my way. In this way, you continue to act without balance, even knowing what good and evil are. A person limits himself to acting and working within what he knows, he does not allow himself to expand his knowledge and be more spiritual. When he does not penetrate me spiritually, he finds nothing new and throws himself into what leads him to find newness in sin, which the devil offers him. Beloved children, evil has penetrated all the way to the roots of my Church itself, instilling evil in it, which is why newcomers turn out to be opposed to my Word, because they carry in their teaching a theology that is far from our Will. At the moment, it is not Divine Love that reigns over humanity, but pleasure, contempt, impurity, abuse, corruption, falsehood, heresy, offenses against our House and my Mother. Human rebellion is launched against the churches, hatred of the sacramentals increases immeasurably, my faithful priests are separated from my people, comfort and desire for possessions increases in all areas. You have made me a King without a Kingdom, a beggar for the love of my own children.... The moment of lamentation will come, in the hell on earth that those who follow the devil as their god will bring. My beloved people, the purification continues on earth, there will not be a place that will not be purified, some sooner, some later, but all nations will be purified to the point that the geography of the earth will change. Unite yourselves with me, be true sons of my Mother, participate in her calls, for she is constantly interceding for you. My Mother asked our Trinity that the impact of the meteorite that falls into the sea would be less, so that the coastal areas would not suffer completely. In light of this request, humanity must pray, and this prayer must not be merely verbal, but must be a prayer through action and work in our love. Only and only in this way will you minimize this impact. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico, my Mother's land, where she lives and is vibrant, where people of peace and goodness must grow at her feet. My Mother, in the call of Guadalupe, is the Woman clothed with the sun, she is the Mother of these last days. She contains the balm for the culmination of the purification of humanity. The tilia on which my Mother is located will be a sign for humanity, with a great manifestation that my people do not expect and that will surprise all of humanity. It will be visible to all and confirmed by science. Therefore, the Mexican people are purifying themselves by force of nature because of the laws they have approved, laws of sin contrary to our Will, which make the Immaculate Heart of my Mother suffer. The death they have allowed offends our Holy Trinity with the sin of freely consenting to abortion. Life is not valued, man, the temple of our Holy Spirit, has become a creature exploited by evil, manifesting more and more homosexuality and lesbianism. Great heresies are sweeping through my temples; in the face of such great sin, my Mother calls upon her people to make reparation, not only with deeds in my temples, but by acting as God's creatures and making reparation for the crimes against so many innocents, with everyone accepting the guilt committed and resolving not to return to committing the same crimes, dedicating themselves to a life of love for God and neighbor, and showing true sorrow for the sins committed. You must proclaim my love, and each person is to be a witness to the truth, not falsehood. Satan has become a presence on this earth; he knows that my Mother will defeat and overthrow him. Therefore, my people must eradicate so much sin and so many heresies - now! - and not wait. Pray, pray for Mexico, its land will again be shaken with power.... Pray, my children, pray for Chile, which will experience the wrath of nature with great force, and neighboring countries will suffer because of it. Pray, children, for Indonesia, it will be shaken and humanity will suffer through its volcanoes. Pray, children, Colombia will be cleansed, terrorism and nature will be shaken by all its people. Pray, children, for Spain, which will be surprised by terrorism and nature. Pray, children, for Italy, which will suffer. Pray for the United States, it will shake and the water will cleanse it. My beloved people, you are not surprised by the power that nature shows, it is the power of man's sin. Humanity continues to be scourged, purified from one end to the other. My Love remains valid in every person, but it is up to you to accept it or rebel. I love all of you, though not all of you love Me. My people suffer, and I do not abandon them. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 28 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Blessing is over you at every moment, it is like the sun - even if you do not want to receive it, my Love reaches everyone. It gives fruit to those who receive it and remains immovable in those who do not allow my Love to fertilize, fill and fill them, so that they do not seek other ways. They refuse to accept my Love because it is unknown to those who are lukewarm and want to settle for some reflection or idea of what my Love is. Some of my children ask for miracles, and when they do not see them realized where their human will wants them, they are dissatisfied and remove me from their lives. Some of my children do not understand that my Love goes beyond what man desires, because everything I allow in life is for the good of his soul. You demand miracles from Me, and I grant them to you according to Our Will, so that you can be purified in one way or another, so that you can save your soul! I promise to help you, but to help My children does not mean to give them everything they want, but what is good for the Salvation of the soul. Some people cry out: 'Lord, look at me, give me what I ask you for,' and they ask me for material things, economic things, or for me to remove diseases, not thinking that perhaps disease can be the means through which a human being returns to me. I promise to protect you, and some of my children, having made a great mistake, expect that they deserve different treatment from their brothers and sisters. It is my children who are mature, and therefore they should know that the most important thing for me is that they save their souls, that they are not lost and that they have faith. In this way, I have explained to you that humanity revolves around itself and puts me in last place. You do not fulfill the Commandments, giving them free interpretations, with which you cause great pain to our Holy Trinity. You are beings who focus on yourselves, not suffering for your brothers and sisters, being neither merciful nor compassionate. Humanity is inside its 'ego' and finds nothing else outside of it. You are a humanity that does not want to obey the Divine Laws, you are sinking into lack of love, first of all for yourselves, and if you do not love yourselves, what love will you be able to offer? This generation will witness a schism in My Church, all of you are causing this schism by not listening to the explanations of My Word and contributing to supporting innovations that are not in accordance with Our Will. My beloved people, my Throne on earth will be elevated from Rome to guard it, my sheep will scatter, feeling lonely and isolated, they will follow orders that do not come from me and will be lost because they have not allowed themselves to repent. My beloved people, humanity expects a God of love, mercy, compassion, and that is what I am. But at the same time I am the God of truth, justice, the sure and true word. I am the Judge of justice. Satan's smoke has penetrated My Church, not now, but before. Man eliminated everything that held Satan back, entered into agreements with the evil one and all his allies. My Church has been contaminated and my children, who have not made the effort to know me truly, are easy prey for any ideology or false teaching that comes along. Hell is full of creatures who have overlooked the truth and adopted false ideologies, surrendering to Satan and all that evil represents to them. Young people, above all, have fallen into fanaticism about evil and its various diabolical forms of modernism, adopting the base instincts with which evil scourges man, awakening base instincts to rebel against me. The Warning, my people, should find you after you have repented of the evil you have committed, and yet I see so many who are waiting for the Warning or the preceding signs to repent.... This is the moment; repentance must be now! Repentance cannot wait. During the Warning, every human being will confront his or her sins, see his or her entire life, with its strengths and failures, unable to escape this act of Our Will. The warning will last a while, but for each of you it will seem like an endless time because of the great suffering you will experience. The Warning is not to warn you, but for you to see yourself and for your soul and spirit to undertake the return to living in Our Will. Even when the Warning has passed, I will find human beings who will rebel harder against me, blaming me for the pain they have experienced. The Warning is Mercy from my House, but when it passes, free will will will decide whether to continue disobeying Divine Love or cling to our Will. You do not believe that you are facing evil and its legions, you do not believe in me because of the weakness and complacency with which those who are responsible for bearing true witness treat my affairs. Therefore, you, the insolent generation, will try to use the land for sowing, and the land will no longer be available to you. It will not be able to serve the man who contaminated it with nuclear energy. Know, my people, that the comet is so, so close to the earth that it will change its magnetism and man will feel that he is dying of terror due to ignorance of what our mercy warned you about before. My Angel of Peace is about to come to earth after the public appearance of the antichrist. Pray, my children, nature is creating shocking events before man. Pray, my children, focus on spiritual growth. Pray, my children, Japan will suffer to the utmost. Pray, my children, the United States is still being cleansed, San Francisco will be scourged. Pray my children, volcanoes are a cleansing for nations. Pray my children, Peru will shake and suffer, the sleeping bridegroom will awaken other volcanoes. My beloved people, be promoters of peace and wisdom for your brothers and sisters. My Love pours out constantly, without fail. My Love desires souls. My Love desires to be your King. Come to the companionship and guidance of your brothers and sisters on the journey, your guardian angels. My blessing is for you to be restored. I love you, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 06 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my peace. My people, what have you done? Where are you? I do not see my children trying to be close to me, but I see them in the madness of the world, caressing sin with pleasure. Beloved children, this is not the moment to persist in that which offends Me and which is contrary to My Love. Each of my children is responsible for their actions and how much good or evil they add to the rest of humanity. False interpretations of the Divine Law contained in the Decalogue lead my children to a fatal encounter with evil. The Divine Law is not subordinate to the convenience of man, it is written so that all will obey it and be doers of the Ten Commandments. My people have elevated false gods that have destroyed their desire to abide in my Love. At the moment, my Love is something that is not considered comfortable for the people of this generation, so they join the ranks of evil and allow evil to possess them and help them forget modesty, decency, morality.... The way of my people is convulsive, mankind seeks to protest, but the background of all disorder, all protests, acts of vandalism and anger is summarized in what is the cause of the true origin of man's actions, the internal struggle, the disease of envy and greed. The devil used this to hide his evil and to make man see his brothers and sisters as enemies. My people, you are being persecuted at this time, not by the antichrist, but by those who do not love Me and do not want My peace to radiate in the Hearts of My children. My Temples are being destroyed and will be destroyed more and more, instilling fear in My children so that they will not come near Me. My beloved people, the relics that My Church possesses will be requisitioned in order to desecrate them; therefore, I have already asked you to save the relics and store them from now on, otherwise there will be no trace of them. Those who prefer to save the body and lose the soul will suffer the horrors of this choice when, forced by evil, they will have to be the hand that rises against their own relatives. You did not respond to my Mother's requests, with which you could have stopped the hand of evil over humanity. This evil, which my Mother warned you about, will spread throughout the earth, once again scourging mankind. The wolf is disguised in sheep's clothing, and just when you least expect it, communism will succeed in terrorizing humanity with its deadly weapon. You have disobeyed, allowing evil to infiltrate my Church and for my Mother to be minimized at this time, in order to open the way for evil and the latter to distort my Word with its venom and mislead my people. My beloved people, the sun will be the cause of fear, lamentation and agony for man. The emanations of the sun will throw off what man has placed in space and by which man feels invincible. From the firmament you will see that which will cleanse this generation will come. Be love, accompanying the suffering of others, because all of humanity will be scourged in one way or another. There is no place where I am not seriously offended.... My beloved people, I urge you to pray in peace, in confidence, in peace and hope, without personal interests. The misused will of man will lead mankind to suffer hunger, to thirst and it will not be appeased, to be persecuted by the plagues you think you have eradicated and by others unknown. This is not an easy road for you to travel, just remember that 'I am who I am' and I come to the aid of my own. My help is not to separate you from trials, but to enable you to overcome trials with faithfulness and holy joy. The waters of the sea will enter the coastal areas, the continents. Get ready, children! I am not saying to you to be afraid, but to obey My Word and remain vigilant. You are not living in the Divine Law ... The pride of man is greater and man has given in to the constant snares of evil. Pray my children, pray for the United States, the purification of this nation continues through nature and man himself. A mighty volcano will roar in this nation and all of humanity will be threatened. Pray children, pray for Russia, it is shaken, terrorism threatens this nation. Pray children for Germany, its nation is divided. Pray my children, pray for Nicaragua, its ground is shaking. Pray my children, pray for Italy, it is shaking, terrorism is making these my children suffer. My beloved people, 'do not harden your hearts. Maintain a constant goal of improvement. My Angel of Peace sees you.... my people must prepare to receive him by delving into my Word. I do not want fanatics, I want children full of love for their neighbor and who fulfill the Commandments, true children without insincerity, children of faith. Pray in season and out of season, pray together with My Mother. My beloved people, the San Andrea fault is making its presence known and from nation to nation, my children will feel fear. You are not alone, it is you children who have forsaken Me and, loving sin, have cast Me out. I protect you if you repent of the transgressions with which you wound my Heart.... I protect you if you allow Me to do so.... I protect you so that you may save your soul.... My beloved people, my Love does not fail, it constantly approaches you to draw you towards Me. My children do not live in conflict, but in my Love. I call upon you to renew your consecration to Our Sacred Hearts. I bless you, you are in My open side. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 12 2017 - Jesus Christ
Beloved people, our blessing remains with you at all times. I do not bless some children and not others, I bless all mankind, and each one decides for himself whether he wants to accept My Blessing or reject it. My Mother, as the Mother of all mankind, blesses and intercedes for everyone, whether they love her or not. Only the human will can reject My Mother's Blessing for each of you. You are aware of this moment, but you do not want to admit that you are in the 'travails' of this generation, which opposes everything that comes from our House. My people are in great turmoil, because of which I come as Christ, King of the universe, to call you to fulfill the Commandments, the Sacraments, to be beings who give good, to fulfill the law of love and to be a witness to My work and action. I love you and I know that some, overwhelmed by confusion and keeping away from me, will become victims of evil and turn away from me out of fear. Therefore, you must remain vigilant and not accept what is contrary to God's Law. From my side was born my Church and sacraments, do not despise them. Come and receive me in the Eucharist, the bread of life, where I give myself as food and dwelling. These are not moments for hesitation, I need my people to practice my Truth constantly. Evil has taken possession of so many of my children, who become indifferent to me, supporting the devil's initiatives against human life and morality. My children cling to what is sinful and worldly as they shout 'no to life' behind their brothers and give permission to immorality. Evil is not resting, it is making the final preparations to receive the antichrist, it has taken possession of my people, and my people are accepting the insinuations of evil, erring and going against the precepts of my Father's House, and by misusing their freedom they are pulling upon themselves all the miseries that you are suffering at this moment and will suffer. I see my people ... my angels see my people and weep, seeing such rebellion and, moreover, the consequences you will suffer in each of you as my children. The soul, children, the soul in sin disconnects from itself memory, understanding and will, and thus the creature is more united with evil and becomes distracted in that which is not of Me. Because memory does not accept good, but evil, understanding penetrates into darkness, and the will gives itself over to living and feeding on what is sinful. But you do not want to understand this, my children.... How much harm do you do to yourselves by accepting sin! My people do not want to recognize that they live in sin, they do not want to recognize sin in its forms, and therefore they keep committing it. So they accept what is contrary to the truth and moment by moment consume large doses of error against our Divine Will and against the Salvation of man's soul. This generation groans and will groan the unwanted 'woe, woe, woe' of lamentation, alienation from our Will and denial of our Divinity, which is above everything! This generation surrenders to '... the second death'; it is far from good and devoted to evil. This generation surrenders to evil very easily and accepts all kinds of mistakes without thinking, because it prevents itself from thinking. You accept errors and follow them, change the Commandments and distort what is found in the Holy Scriptures without hesitation. Great errors are proposed to my people, and my people celebrate them. You reject the clarification of My Word in these exhortations of love, because you prefer to accept everything that is opposed to sacrifice, self-sacrifice, piety, the narrow way. O man, how you will suffer without the Word spoken by Our Trinity! My people, how much fire will burn on you, how much the earth will shake, so much so that it will seem like hours to you, how much fear of the coming of an asteroid that will appear without warning, how water will flog you! Man will scourge and pollute the earth, then I will intervene as the second person of the Holy Trinity, in unity with My Mother and your traveling companions. Otherwise, what will happen to My people, to the holy remnant, to those who, through martyrdom - not only physical, but also spiritual - will continue to be faithful and fulfill Our Will? You have despised the word coming out of Our mouths.... Abomination has engulfed Our children.... My mystical body is tainted, poisoned by what is wrong, and the word is not true.... Wickedness is a matter of first importance.... Shamelessness makes me nauseous; few respond and those few manage to be atoning, repentant and loving. I do not reject the repentant sinner; I forgive the sinner who repents and has corrected his mistakes. The devil is cunning; he dresses up the truth to deceive you and lead you into his nets. Once you are in his nets, my people are put to sleep by immoderate sin and chained to sin so that they become accustomed to it. How much my Mother suffers from people's lack of love for our august Trinity! In the heavens we sing the praises of our Trinity.... And on earth man gives himself over to the devil.... Repent, repent, children! It is not too late for a man who wants to save his soul. Pray children, pray for Chile, it is suffering from the upheaval of its land, the water is encroaching and causing havoc. Pray children, pray, the United States continues to be scourged by nature with great force. Its government will suffer. Pray children, pray, Italy and Spain are shaken. Italy is suffering from the fire of its volcanoes. Pray children, pray for Mexico, its suffering is not over, the earth is shaking and some of its volcanoes are becoming active, causing destruction. Pray, Central America, make reparations and pray! The earth, which has not shaken, will be shaken; the earth is making itself known. Beloved children, 'Come to me, all you who are afflicted and burdened...', come that you may find comfort. Receive the blessing of our Trinity. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 16 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing is the essence of my maternal love for each of you.... I encourage you to make a complete and definitive conversion to save your souls and have the strength needed to overcome the obstacles of these moments and those to come. It is necessary for you to make a daily examination of conscience. It is necessary for you to renew your consecration to the Sacred Heart of my Son and mine every day. Is not every moment a new battle against evil? Satan's hordes do not rest. Why do my children think that it is enough to consecrate once to our Sacred Hearts? No children, it is never enough.... You are disobedient because you do not realize the need to stay on one path. You constantly vacillate between the worldly and sinful and the call to walk towards eternal glory. The people of my Son are not a people who delve into what is revealed to them. You are accustomed to accepting and not going deeper, so you have no idea of the spiritual consequences you are undergoing if you continue to be followers of the shameful states you are undergoing, led by evil. You repeat mindlessly, memorize and don't feel, you agree to sin along with others, acting out of inertia, you agree to what the majority agrees to and don't think before acting. My children remain conformists, living according to the law of least effort in every respect. The mediocrity of humanity is like a giant wave that pulls you along, and you cannot escape. That's why I come to give you my Love and call you to realize that you underestimate the spiritual struggle in which this generation finds itself. You justify sin through the devil, whom you blame for everything that happens to you. You have to fight the sin you accept; temptation is temptation, in each of us there is the possibility of overcoming it or falling into it. My Son's children know that they must live in constant vigilance. Humanity wants to overcome spiritual attacks without calling upon and remembering the name that is above every name. You do not preach in the name of my Son and hesitate to maintain human respect, lest you lose people's acceptance. Man's detachment from what the Eternal Father has established in the Divine Law and man's comfortable attitude toward sin have hastened the purification of this generation, in which mankind participates, as well as man himself with his evil actions in the face of Divine supplications. You live according to the dates you receive from some of your brothers about the end of this generation or the complete purification of this generation. You easily forget that only God knows the day and the hour. Foolish children! ... Who insult the Will of God with this hasty conduct in which you live and which nature itself tells you to stop. This generation has not retained its dignity as children of God, but lives in prisons of sin from which you do not want to come out. You do not believe that sin turns against man himself. You have forgotten past times, previous generations who were buried under water or punished by fire for living according to vices contrary to human nature. My beloved ones, it is to this generation that I refer, it is you that I wish to awaken, so that you will not die forever. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, for years I have warned you so much, and at this moment I see it coming true, that you should be witnesses of God's omnipotence, of God's love for His children. I mention with sadness that what you are reading now is because each of you will suffer, experience, see and be part of the Great Purification of humanity. From the Father's House will come the Angel of Peace to give encouragement to a humanity mired in hopelessness, because today's man places his hope in progress of all kinds, rather than in a spiritual approach to the Creator. A machine will not give man eternal life.... An expensive suit will not give man Eternal Life.... A luxury car will not give man Eternal Life.... A high position will not give a man Eternal Life.... you must ask yourself, what is really in you? Do you give your conscience the opportunity to stop you before you get carried away by human tastes or desires to prove yourself? Our Angel of Peace will guide the person who desires this to see himself inwardly and not live in fantasies. He will expound the Divine Truth, even what has been hidden from humanity. But how many of you will see the great deception in which you lived and the one that led you to turn away from my Son! Beloved, my Son calls you to live more in spirit than in flesh, more in spirit than in luxury, more in spirit, more in spirit.... And our Angel of Peace will guide you to do so. Be alert to sin and do not give in to temptation. Do not throw stones at the sinner, but keep them in constant catechesis; otherwise, if you judge your brothers and sisters as sinners, throw stones at yourselves before you throw them against your brothers and sisters. Not all who say, 'Lord, Lord!' will enter the Kingdom of Heaven. Pray, children of my Heart, pray for England, for she will suffer through man himself. Pray, children of My Heart, pray for Ireland, for she will be greatly shaken and the waters will rise against her. Pray, my children, pray for Japan, it will be shaken so hard that the sea will submerge a great part of it under water. My children, pray, the reversal of the poles is imminent and man, unprepared to live in a climate different from the one in which he lives, will be taken by surprise. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, New York welcomes sin like Las Vegas, it welcomes it like water, and where sin reigns, there destruction threatens. Be cautious of the false and benevolent aspect of the ruler of the world power, the bear is not what it seems, I already announced this at Fatima. The dragon will awaken and attack other countries. My beloveds, the volcanoes are awakening and bringing humanity to a state of alertness. Don't be blind, aren't these the signs of the times? Wake up, children! Make every effort to have a new man reborn in you with Divine blessing and to be apostles of love. I call you to a new day of prayer of the Holy Rosary for the Salvation of Souls for Sunday, November 26. I say this in advance so that mankind will unite in recognition of my Son, King of the universe. All children, 'be renewed in yourselves with the Spirit of Greatness. Be wise, give of yourselves for my Son and entrust yourselves to the Most Holy Trinity. I bless you with the love that reigns in my Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 20 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, in My Heart all people dwell and in it I wait for them. My people, my Mercy does not spurn any of my children, but on the contrary, it welcomes the one who approaches truly repentant, who takes being my child seriously and with seriousness and conscience decides to improve his life, work and actions. Humanity is in great turmoil, and my Church accepts ways that distance it from me. Remember that without the consent of the human will, sin would not happen.... Children, whoever persists in sinning again and again without due repentance and timely correction, nor choosing to remove the sin, condemns himself. Sin exists, it is not something unreal. If sin did not exist, none of my children would be admonished by me and called to repentance. I mentioned to you that the soul retains free will exercised by the will of man, but I do not want children who follow me by force.... I do not want slaves, but children who are free, truly free to love Me. Follow Me as free children, get rid of pride and make yourselves the least of all, so that you can trust Me and not yourselves. Man knows the consequences of sin, and these consequences will not change for this generation, rather I will be harsher towards this human race that does not see sin as sin and wants to force me to forgive what I will not forgive unless you correct your actions and deeds within what is sinful and make the final decision to correct it. Every human creature has the help of my Holy Spirit, to whom he can appeal to help him in the process of improvement and in turning completely away from the vices that kill the soul. You try to live in misery, I see you lying on the ground, throwing mud at each other, sinning again and again, falling into sin with great weakness, without thinking about what you are doing. If you do not know me, you will not be able to comprehend Satan's strategy to draw you into sin and keep you on the path of unrepentance, which will lead you to the second death. Persistence in sin and lack of repentance are the means Satan uses to keep you from waking up, looking at me and changing. Saying: 'everything is good' ..., 'sin does not offend God because God is Mercy and forgives everything' ..., 'man is saved because Christ paid for man's sins and man does not need to repent' ..., 'purgatory does not exist' ..., 'hell does not exist' .... Is Satan's master key that you remain as he is, fallen because of sin, and that you are condemned? It is difficult for some to imagine that demons are on earth, constantly tempting man and giving him every help to sin. The man of this moment must by all means seek union with the Divine Will, because he has lost his sense of what I do not like and what Our Will has commanded you to fulfill and obey in the Ten Commandments. You have lost love, and from this comes all the consequences of what you are suffering at the moment. Misused free will impedes the flow of communication with Our Divine Will. Therefore, in order to atone and come out of the state of sin, you must go to our Holy Spirit and ask Him to pour out on you the grace to act and work properly, so that you will be united with our Holy Trinity, with my Church as a mystical body, with the sacraments and with my Mother, the Mother of Humanity. My people, you have habits of conduct, eating, studying and more. Likewise, a person who continually sins allows this sin to turn into a habit, without thinking that this habit can become what will make him definitively a sinner without repentance. Sin gains strength in a person until it becomes impossible to act in accordance with the good. You ignore the fact that acting and working within the framework of the good and in fulfilling the good will lead you to become more proficient in approaching me, it will be more pleasant for you to fulfill the Commandments and partake of the sacraments, wisdom will make a nest within you, brotherhood will become a necessity, freedom will be felt and lived by the creature, and the strength of the soul will increase, thus you will enter with joy into being part of my mystical body. I have come to say 'no!' to sin and to point it out so that you will be clear about what is sin and what is not, and what is the extent of sin when a human creature does not repent. Know me! So that you are not told to accept what is sin.... Get to know me! So that you say 'no!' to what seems to be good, and to what at this moment, under the weight of modernism and libertinism, is presented as something natural and not contrary to our Will.... This moment of great confusion for my people is a moment in which each of my children has a duty to know me deeply, so as not to fall into what is wrong. You are in purification because you have been allowed to disobey Me and adopt ideologies that are not Our Will. All of you are my children, but not all of you fulfill the Divine Will. Man quickly forgets what he is not allowed to remember and accepts with great joy what allows him to live as he wishes, even if it means losing Eternal Life. This moment of purification is the moment of My Mercy, in which I remain attentive to the word of repentance, looking at every heart, every conscience, every human creature, in order to draw them closer and draw them to Me. Humanity is being purified by nature, although my children do not see this purification as an opportunity for conversion, but on the contrary, they point to me as responsible for the sufferings, misfortunes, tribulations of life, not realizing that evil works and actions attract evil. The sun, the moon, everything in the firmament and everything that man has placed in space is connected with man. Right now the sun is affecting the earth, even in its depths, like never before. It acts on man, not just on the skin, but on work and action, on good or evil, just when that man is living what is worldly, because he cannot control himself. The moon acts on man, just as it acts on the sea, all of creation affects man. The man of science has placed satellites and others in space; the moment is coming when some of them will fall to earth, causing disasters. The sun will come, which will make technological achievements disappear, and mankind will return to primordial life. The sun will stop giving heat, and the earth will be engulfed by cold. You think no further than you can see and live at the moment.... my people think that they are in control of everything, even the sun, the moon and the entire firmament. This is not so, children, this is not so, therefore you should be humble and recognize that you need Divine help, without which you are nothing. Pray, children, pray for Australia, its earth is shaking hard along with Japan. Pray, children, pray, the tectonic plates are in constant motion and my children will suffer greatly because of this, and quickly. Pray, children, pray for the United States, Chile, Central America, Italy and Spain. Pray children, pray, two underwater volcanoes are rising above the sea and will shake nearby islands. My children will experience great pain. Do not believe that war is not coming, do not think that My Word is in vain, remain vigilant! Man's sin and the denial of sin have awakened a creation that does not want man's doom. My angelic legions stand before you, but you do not perceive them, because you do not desire goodness and do not seek goodness. What is greater in human creation than obedience to the Father who is in Heaven? I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my Mercy. Come to me, do not turn away, come to me! Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 24 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, receive My Word flowing from the love that is alive in My Most Sacred Heart for you all. My people are not strangers to My Word, but accept it and embrace it as the norm and rule of life. My children anoint My Heart, soothing the pain caused by the disobedience of those who constantly rebel, turning away from Me. There are many dwellings in My Father's House, where there is room for those who must cleanse themselves of their sins, and when they do, they attain Eternal Life. Dwellings for those who have opened their Hearts to what our Divine Will has called them to and made known to them. My beloved people, you are constantly innovating regarding the behavior of My children. This must make you reconsider, because in the Holy Scriptures you find the answer to all that is needed by humanity. Do not forget that in My Word I warned you that false prophets will come, who will say that they are My chosen ones. Those who limit me are not my chosen ones. Pray and fast to be instruments of obedience to my Will, and in this way you will achieve union and abundance with our Will and with my Mother. I warn you out of love for you, I do not want you to succumb to worldly sins that flourish without limit, destroying man within and disturbing his mind, disturbing his thinking and undermining his values, until the human creature is left empty and submits to what is presented to him. Evil is cunning, children, very cunning. You are part of my mystical body, where different points of view and differences arise because not everyone has the same principles. This is because not everyone knows me deeply, with the conscience and commitment to live as I ask of you. I need the unity of my mystical body, because only the unity of my children is able to achieve the expansion of my Love, faith, hope, charity and obedience to my Commandments. In order for the above to be realized and expanded to the greatest number of souls, this unity is necessary, in which all my children remain active, being useful one to another. Not everyone has the same virtues and the same gifts. Not all are gifted in one activity, but it is in diversity that unity finds its joy, so that all may be useful and be messengers of my Love. I have called you to be part of my family, to love one another as I love you. I have given you teachings to put them into practice. My Father left you the earth, the universe and everything in it, visible and invisible; you possessed antediluvian gifts so that you needed nothing but divinity. This union was interrupted by man, who, wishing to develop at will what he possessed, disobeyed my Father and failed to fulfill the purpose for which he was created. From that moment on, my Father, at every stage of the human race's existence, permitted this separation chosen by man to be repaired and unity with our Trinity to be restored. This has not happened, each generation is more tainted with evil, because evil knows the nearness of the fulfillment of my Mother's revelations to mankind, which you ignore. You have come to Mass to spend a moment in absentmindedness, not out of love.... You have come to believe that you can call yourselves Christians by repeatedly reciting a prayer that you do not feel or meditate on.... You accept me in sin, living, hurting yourselves, rebelling, being such controllers of your brothers that you make me nauseous in the face of such hypocrisy, because those you single out do not deserve it.... Ignorant people! My people are ignorant because they do not enter into me to know me, they are ignorant because they do not approach me and do not know the true meaning of the word unity. You do not know that all creation is united with man, and man with creation. My Father gave mankind the resources to multiply it, and you, on the contrary, have no qualms about annihilating them. You tread the earth unaware of the unification and influence of all creation in relation to you and to creation itself. That which was created by my Father continues to revolve in fulfilling the function for which it was created. Man, on the contrary, is the one who constantly rebels against my Father. The elements of creation, the moon and the sun, have an impact on man. Therefore, man's actions and reactions have power in creation. The good that man produces expands throughout creation, the evil that man provokes expands in creation, causing a reaction according to what man emanates. You forget to look up, you walk tied to the earth, you don't see the moon or the stars, you don't see the clouds or the signs of the moments. There is a great estrangement of man from the creation, and the creation is afraid of the man who has wronged it. This is the result of man's hardness of heart and man's lack of love, which does not allow him to meditate on what surrounds him. You have forgotten that everything in creation is united. At this moment my people feel that the day has become shorter, but at this very moment it is man who makes the day so short that it disappears. You do not give thanks in the light of all that you have, nor do you give thanks to my Father for day and night. Ordinary people look at the moon, admire it, without thinking more about it. Children, the moon has a great influence on the earth and its stable rotation, if the moon moved away from the earth, the poles would be reversed. Is this of interest to man? Man has been advancing technological innovations, sometimes making good use of them and at other times abusing them, and for this reason he has not limited them before the point he should not have crossed. At the moment, he is exposed to greater phenomena that will stop him and bring him to a state unimaginable to man without technology. The impact of the sun on man is not unknown, nor is its direct effect on the development of human life. Children, man is more likely to act and react clumsily during emanations resulting from greater solar activity. Most of you, my children, live without acquiring the slightest knowledge of what I have told you about. The sun is increasing its activity, making you more vulnerable to feeling its effects, not only on your health, but also on technology and on what nature encompasses. Everything is reacting to the evil caused by misused human free will. Children, you will ask yourself: 'how is it that Christ tells us this?' My answer is that you should wake up and resolve to know the environment, not only what surrounds you directly, but what happens beyond the earth and what is related to humanity. My beloved people, at this time, when confusion reigns, you have a duty not to be among those human creatures who are confused. Our Trinity has given you the 'means and more' to be vigilant and use your intelligence to draw closer to Me, to discover My Mother's love for Her children and to be the dwelling place of Our Holy Spirit. It is not enough to say that you are my children if you are not really them.... It is not enough to go to my temples to receive me in the Eucharist if you are not properly prepared to receive me. Communions received in a state of mortal sin will lead you to the lake of fire if you do not enter the sacrament of confession and do not have time to repent before you die. Therefore, you must live every moment as if it were your last and live prepared. My beloved people, the earth in its continuous process of transformation is overtaking mankind and in a kind of reclamation because of how man has destroyed it, it suffers from continuous contractions, with which you will continue to suffer and be purified. The earth is shaking at one point, at another point and at yet another point right now, continuously. The climate is striking different countries, the fire has no truce, and it is such that man's indifference to our Will leads creation to feel that man is far from our Trinitarian Love. This generation has returned to the sins that already existed and is constantly innovating to sin, achieving a grave offense against our Divinity and my Mother. Pray children, pray for the United States, which is suffering through nature and is shaking hard. Pray children, pray for Argentina, it is shaking and the darkness in the Hearts of some creatures is leading to pain for this nation. Pray children, pray for Spain, blood is flowing and her land, shaken, will be scourged. Pray children, pray for the Middle East, blood is pouring, and from the atmosphere a strange phenomenon will reach man. Pray children, pray for Russia, be vigilant, she is lurking. My beloved people, make reparation for the insults against our Sacred Hearts. Be humble but wise, still seeing the greatness of our Divine Love and being grateful. The new fashion among the youth will cause dismay, it is the product of evil. At this moment some of my children have raised insults, heresies against our Divinity, and it will be so that everyone will have to answer for this, as it is a grave offense. Do not go without thinking, without measuring, without looking at the climate.... What science has called the product of climate change, I call the signs of this moment. My beloved people, do not disregard these signs, but look at them, prepare yourselves and commit yourselves to be true children of our Will and of our most holy Mother. I love you with an everlasting love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 27 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I keep you in My Heart .... My gaze does not detach from you for a moment. My people are the pupil of My eye. As Father, I desire that all my children 'be saved, that they know my Truth,' that they be at peace and carry my love, that they may spread my Love and that it may reach their brothers and sisters. Keep your lamp lit. As I watch over my people, so must my children watch over the fulfillment of my Will in my mystical body. Do not be lukewarm, do not be part of those who, in small doses, in order to remain unnoticed, introduce novelties contrary to our Divine Will, leading my people astray so that they meekly submit to the wiles of evil. That is why I have called you to recognize me, I have called you to be a faithful part of my people, for whom I came and for whom I am coming. You must know not only prayer, but enter into yourselves to discover that everything in you coexists. Do not run away when I tell you that my Divine Force is within you, and it is up to the will of each individual to accept it or not. My strength remains present when my children proclaim my Word.... When you pray and decide for good in My Name.... When you ask for My help... When you pray and when the prayer is with affection in the depths of your Heart.... you must convince yourselves that the word of my children, guided by my Will, expands within you and your physical senses, touch, taste, smell, hearing and sight are energized by my strength, my power, so that you can rise spiritually. But for this you need constancy, constancy is a great gift to my children, it is a rule of life without which you are unable to ascend, and it connects to everything that a practicing Christian must fulfill. You know well, children, that evil exists, and where you attract evil, there it makes itself present. Negative energy is attracted to man by human will. The like attracts like, and if evil resides in a person, then evil resides in that person - thoughts, tastes and desires are influenced by evil. Good is perceived by you in a human being that exudes love, mercy, forgiveness, hope, faith. A human being who coexists with evil spreads this evil everywhere, and that is when the negative permeates and causes unpleasantness, division, indifference, anxiety, jealousy, discouragement.... My beloved people, I ask you not to go and participate in the celebration of Halloween, Satan's holiday. Evil has taken possession of a great number of human creatures, and it is not advisable for you, who belong to my people, to participate in this pagan holiday that has led souls to enjoy what evil represents, because those who dress in costumes that represent everything demonic make it easier for demons to take possession of you. The ignorance of my people is so great that when they don't give importance to this act, which seems harmless, they actually open the door to evil. How I wish for you to counteract the evil holiday of Halloween. I do not want you to dress up in religious costumes. I wish you to pray the Holy Rosary. I wish you to help your neighbor. I wish you to feed the hungry. I wish you to do the Act of Mercy. I desire that you be my Love itself and unite yourselves with my blessed Mother in holy communion. My beloved people, convert now! The signs of this moment do not delay. Live attached to goodness, duplicate goodness, giving my Love to those who are deprived of it. Man has distorted the word 'love', has given it a worldly, immoral and totally distorted meaning. You who make up my people, do you know what I am talking about? As a part of humanity, you must unite, my children, live deeply every action and work, so that you will not be contaminated, and for this you must invite me to act and work in you. The warning to man is approaching - this is my great Act of Mercy for mankind, this is an opportunity for you to see yourselves and rediscover the true path to eternal Salvation. My beloved ones, you hear that in various parts of the world, natural events are occurring that previously did not occur with such frequency as now. This is because of man's sin, with which he lives continuously. Thus, man himself finds himself without peace, agitated by the speed and frenzy of daily life and under the influence of the great action of the sun, and no doubt by the acceptance of Satan in the lives of those who submit to him. Social rebellions will be more continuous, without apparent reasons. You will not feel safe where you are because man has less and wants more. Pray, my children, pray, the dangers between nations will become what humanity has feared. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico, it is suffering through nature. Pray for my children, pray for Russia, she will show herself as she is. Pray, my children, pray for the United States, its land is trembling amidst the upheavals caused by those who consider themselves their enemies. Pray children, pray for Italy, they will suffer greatly, every trace of my Church will be destroyed. My beloved ones, evil is in a hurry, it does not wait, it grabs those who approach it. Therefore, I constantly invite you to be creatures of goodness and messengers of my Love. This generation will suffer, it will be purified, but at the same time it is blessed through the intercession of my most holy Mother. Just as evil afflicts humanity, my angelic legions await a call from you to bring you closer to the good path. Trust in the protection and constancy of your traveling companions, your guardians, so that you will be aware of the angelic premonition in your work and actions. You live in moments when evil takes possession of a person and causes him to fall into its snares, but at the same time you live in moments of great spiritual help. You will see miracles in the lives of those who live according to Our Will, in the lives of those who strive to stay on the true path. You will be witnesses of my Love for my people. Wait, do not despair, my Angel of Peace is coming to help my people. Be attentive and vigilant! He who puts his trust in me will not be put to shame. For you, my blessing is strength and love. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 03 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my constant blessing that surrounds you, makes your path easier, makes you see this love of mine that calls you, comforts you, protects you and warns you. My people, you must live by the truth of our word, you must live attached to the Holy Scriptures and be doers of all that my Father has given as the norm of life for His children, and that you may be sure that you are not walking in the wrong paths. It is not the flesh that saves you, it is living as those who fulfill our Will. Our Will is love, unceasing love that does not stop, but continues to issue continuous works of Divine Love on behalf of people. Love does not stop; it always produces greater benefits for those who love. It is like truth; it constantly produces more truths as creation performs more actions and works in Our Will. However, in order for you to reproduce Our Love and Our Truth, you must know the Scriptures deeply, so that they do not confuse you and cause you to deviate from the path. To reach our Home, there is only one way, you will not find any shortcuts or preferences on it, and this one way is called obedience and fulfilling the Divine Commandments, fulfilling the Commandment of Love and being the truth at all times. Some claim to be our children, living a life that is not spiritual in any way, but a life of false religiosity that does not lead them to penetrate our Word, our mystery of love. They attend the Sunday Eucharistic celebration, go to confession every week and repeat the same mistakes without any goal of improvement. They live a comfortable religious life that does not affect at all their human comforts and satisfactions that keep them in their satisfactory social circle. These children of ours don't know about sacrifice, about renunciation of self, they don't strive for greater intimacy with the Holy Trinity, they don't seek to elevate and detach themselves from worldly things or their tastes and pleasures. Beloved people, this moment is the culmination of the fulfillment of the revelations that my Mother has given you in various parts of the world. You should not wait until tomorrow to change, you should do it right away. You think and cling to the idea that you are flesh. You do not want to come to meet me so that you can live in freedom and happiness. You remain preoccupied with economics, food, human pleasures, so you are not aware that the body, although it is the temple of my Holy Spirit, is finite. You must penetrate my light so that you are aware and can keep yourselves from the distractions of the worldly. My beloved people, if you do not repent sincerely for your sinful deeds, for your offenses against our House, for the pains inflicted on My Most Holy Mother and for the moments in which you hurt your brothers and sisters, causing them great pain.... If you do not regret the pettiness in which you lived.... If you do not regret breaking the Commandments and not fulfilling the Sacraments, you will not be children of the Beatitudes, you will not love the works of mercy, you will not penetrate the Holy Scriptures.... All those who live without seeing and without perceiving Eternal Life will be those who persist in their conscience focused on the worldly, material and their own 'ego'. Everyone cries out in the wilderness of his own ignorance if he does not know and delve deeply into My Word. Those who do not know Me deeply, without false interpretations, go astray, are restless, limit themselves, misinterpret Me and give in to what is not My Will, for they are easily deceived. My beloved people, return to inner silence, truly repent, forcibly uprooting that which does not allow you to submit to My Will. You must stay away from the distractions that the enemy and the human will drive you to desire, so that you do not walk with a conscience. Remember that I am speaking of these things to you who are still fighting against the human ego and against the enemy of the soul, and fighting against everything that reaches you from outside and is not from Me. I speak to you of things that your brothers and sisters do not understand, who do not want to know me and therefore falsely explain what they cannot understand. There are all kinds of creatures in my people, I see some of my children who come to me out of curiosity - they do not understand my Word and my Truth, but live according to their convenience, and yet they are quick to criticize, take offense and judge. Others who approach have limited senses, 'they have eyes but do not see, ears but do not hear', mouths but cannot speak of me. These quickly leave, wracked by criticism, because they do not want to engage, they are unable to penetrate the reality of this explanation of my Word. Others, not knowing the Scriptures, are unable to make their senses approach my Truth, because they live attached to the flesh and the world, to their human ego, and do not allow themselves to know me and rise; they are hard-hearted beings and cause great divisions. You, my people, should look beyond what your eyes see, feel beyond what human feelings feel - you do not live in a house enclosed by thick walls, you live reality and see the limitations of those walls. You live on earth so that you will strive for My House, so that you will stop being ignorant because you have not obeyed, delving into the Scriptures. Therefore, you persist like beggars of love, feeding on crumbs. My people, the materialist acts reflexively towards anything that satisfies him.... The egoist thinks only of himself and not of others .... An insensitive person can look at the most painful things and not react, because he does not have a heart of flesh. If you want to be more spiritual, you must become sensitive. Each of you must be an angel on earth to share holiness with your brothers and sisters, because some of those who, with their eyes, do not see Me, are so because they are like those who pretend to see the sun with the eyes of the body closed. Those who do not enter my Will do not see me, because they do not act and work in my way, and that is why they constantly criticize, because they cannot understand what is not related to them. My beloved people, the trials in the order of nature continue and human stupidity continues to cause many innocents to suffer from demonized minds. You should be aware that if you turn away from me, if you disavow me and ally yourselves with Satan's hordes, it will lead you to act and work in sins unimaginable to man. At this moment there are many beings possessed by Satan, declaring that the earth is in the power of evil, infiltrating my mystical body in order to spread evil, to distort the Divine Commandments and stretch our Divine Word for the convenience of worldly man, thus committing great aberrations and heresies. You cannot serve two masters, children, understand this truth, 'you cannot serve two masters.' Don't you see that there are those who want to keep you stupid, in spiritual blindness, in spiritual ignorance, and they have entered my mystical body from above and are now leading my people, whom I love, astray, to hand them over to perdition, to licentiousness, and in this way they are handing over my children to evil, like a great prize bred in my mystical body itself. This is the time of misery! Children, man will not stop and will continue to use the weapons he has created to destroy much of humanity. This is the great madness of man against man. This is the madness of humanity, which lives without me. This is the madness of this generation, which accepts what it is told without thinking, because you act like the robots of your machines, which consume you in every way. I will not come without first doing the purification that mankind has to face because of so much disobedience, and that man has created for himself. My Church is in chaos, and you will not be able to repair the division that evil has brought into it until the revelations of my Mother, which foretold great pain for my children if they do not obey, are fulfilled. Therefore, I urge you to pray and make reparation for my Church, not the Church you imagine and point to outside of yourselves, but for yourselves, who cling to that which is not my Will. Pray my children, pray for North Korea, it will be scourged and scourged at the same time. Pray, my children, pray for the United States, the aberration in this land demands purification. The West Coast is suffering and the land in this nation will be badly shaken. Pray, my children, pray, the dormant volcanoes are awakening, causing suffering for humanity - people will cry for being prevented from returning to their own. Pray, my children, pray for Denmark, it will be scourged. The earth is shaking from north to south, from east to west. The natural phenomena will not find a scientific explanation; nor will the supernatural cause that causes them be confirmed. My beloved people, as my people I protect you, it is you who reject my protection. To love you does not mean to allow you to evade responsibility for the mistakes you have made as humanity. I forgive and love, I love and forgive, it is man who must approach Me and come to meet the necessary requirements to merit Eternal Life. Do not reject My Mother, do not inflict pain on Her.... my Love beats for you. I protect you with my precious blood, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 08 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal Heart beats for each of my children; as much as they move away from my Son, my Heart beats harder for them to hear. In these moments, humanity has entered places from which it does not know how to get out, and so it continues to plunge into evil. My revelations do not just tell you what will happen to you because you do not obey, because you rebel against the Divine Will and worship the devil. I reveal the conditions that God the Father points out to mankind to fulfill and achieve clear discernment, the point is that you should not lose your way and repent for the evil you have committed and the good you have not done. Children, at this time you must pray for each other, and from this brotherly prayer you should become intercessors among yourselves. In this way, love will grow faster in you, constituting a wall on behalf of the mystical body of my Son. Live in prayer and supplication, pray at all times as the Spirit inspires you. Keep vigil together and persevere in prayer, never becoming discouraged. Pray for one another, interceding for all the saints. My children, the lively hope of finding favor in God's eyes and receiving forgiveness of sins is what must give you the strength to continue to overcome the pitfalls of the human will when it wants to make you do wrong. Although it is not only hope that will lead you to victory when evil approaches you, but perseverance in pursuit of the goal of God's children, Eternal Life. In moments of purification, humanity does not see evil, does not recognize it, because it is bound to man, sees it in one place and in another. Only those who live, trying to remain within the Law of God, persist with the fervent flame of hope, recognizing that outside the Law of God there is no human law, no social law, nothing more than appearances. The light of the sun shines for everyone, the stars shine for everyone, but not everyone can see. In the moments of humanity's purification, despair has caught up with man and led him to a desire for possessions that he cannot satisfy except by indulging in abuse. In this moment of humanity's purification, some are rebelling and denying my Son, denying Divine justice, not wanting commitment, not allowing sacrifice, not looking beyond what carnal sight allows them to see, and these my children must become humble to find themselves and to find the love of love within themselves. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not speculate about dates, God's time is not man's time. Prepare yourselves for the Great Warning.... Change what you should change in yourselves.... Renew yourselves inwardly in the Spirit of Splendor ... Soften your stony hearts ... Learn to smile with those who smile and weep with those who weep .... Do not look only at your own square meter, but look at the square meter of your brother and sister, because it is in love that you will be measured, according to the measure by which you love your brother. In the experience of the warning, some will convert, others will distance themselves from my Son, and they will remove me from their lives. Some will be renewed, and others will join the evil one. Go as if every moment were the last in your life. Beloved children, you will see the fire that will come from heaven; some will feel joy, thinking that it is already the day of the Lord - others, even the most hardened, the most sinful, will be gripped by fear and will run one way and the other, finding no refuge. This generation does not listen to God's calls, questions them, rejects and denies them, to which my Son does not hide what can lead them to conversion. You, children of my Immaculate Heart, bow down and worship. You cannot live a life of lukewarmness; you must convert. I call upon you with my Motherly Heart to choose life and reject eternal death. You children are wandering through life, constantly wasting opportunities, living in the past, not seeing the present and not longing for the future. If you stopped, you would master your conscience, that you live imprisoned by your own will, prisoners of what could have been, of what you are and what you want to become in the future. My children have not renewed their thinking to give what you call time a great opportunity for eternal Salvation. You demand freedom to condemn yourselves by your bad decisions.... Because decisions have consequences for those who make them and decide their fate. At this moment of purification of humanity, you are still in a reality in which wheat and tares coexist. With the coexistence of wheat and tares, everyone receives both the good of some and the evil perpetrated by others, war is not only for those who cause it, but everyone suffers its consequences, and the same is true of everything that happens. Therefore, I call on you to be those who forge good. Children, act within the framework of what is good, with the love of my Son and this Mother. In my revelations I have referred you to the product of humanity's sin, and at the same time I have reached out to you as an Advocate and support - I am the Mother of humanity. Pray my children, pray for the Church of my Son, so that the existing division will not cause events to accelerate. Pray my children, pray for Japan, again it is shaken and again it is a source of contamination for humanity. Pray my children, pray that the war will move from words to deeds, and that the dawn will be an alarm to the world. Pray my children, pray the pestilence alarms all of humanity. You will see something you will call a light in the firmament, it will shine without being a light. Then say to yourselves: 'this is the moment' and kneel down. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, look at the climate, look at the vegetation, look at those who deny God, look at those who reject you, and you will understand that these are the signs of this moment, this is what it is like to deny the word of my Son and mine. I cherish you in my Heart, everyone has in their hands the key to remain in my Heart, this is the will. I love you and bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 15 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, those who want to change the course of their lives must make a decision now! Before they are unable to avoid confusion. My Church has allied itself with false doctrines, and you, who do not know Me deeply, accept any innovation that comes to you.... What a great mistake you are making! my mystical body is in darkness, which does not allow it to see my true light. Faith is being tested again and again; my children are passing through the crucible where preparations stand for the culmination of the great trial of humanity. You know that the road to our Home is narrow; on my path you will not find the comforts that the world offers you. But if these obstacles are overcome, the reward will be greater, although for this you must remain convinced, converted, with love and unwavering faith. In my people you look at each other, criticize, point at each other, this is another example of the hypocrisy in which you live - you are not love, nor reflections of my Love, but you are sad figures of ill-formed human love, without value, which does not allow you to remain in our Will. You fall easily, looking at the work and actions of your peers, you do not see within, you ask yourselves why or why I allow certain actions, without judging yourselves. You live in false humility; you think you know everything; you think your devotion is total, yet you cling to human will; you put personal whims before goodness and love itself. You lean toward the carnal rather than the spiritual; you fail to tame your gaze and give free rein to the mind, with which you fall again and again. You are tolerant of sin in order not to engage in My love, you tolerate what is contrary to the Decalogue in order to persist in mediocre society and with lukewarm faith. My beloved people, the alienation from My Commandments is so great that when you need My help, you will not find the words, you will be ashamed for so many offenses you have committed against Me. You will be sorry to ask for my help or my Mother's help; you know that I am just and you are afraid of my Justice, so you deny it at this time and will continue to deny it. You are empty inside, nothing satisfies you; so few are those who take Me by the hand without any self-interest. Gradually my people are diminishing until those faithful to me are counted one by one. Some of those who remain in prayer groups, in movements in my Church, some of those who participate in evangelism in my Church are not entirely sincere, they appear in communities, but actually walk with shreds of human will. For some, the comforts of my children are not enough, they are not satisfied with anything and long for the past. This generation does not realize the urgency of change, you think you are doing me a favor by making an effort, forgetting that your own salvation is at stake. Therefore, my Angel of Peace will come until you suffer terribly in the face of the presence of the antichrist. My Angel of Peace will be a balm for those who are mine, will be a bringer of healing, and will come to touch the Heart of my people when they feel that I no longer hold them in my hands. Then my Church will be renewed and the burrows will be occupied by animals and not by people, my Word in it will be true like a ray of light. My people will prevail in my Name and under the command of my most holy Mother! They will defeat those who persecute them. They will defeat those who deny My Real Presence in the Eucharist, I will multiply My Eucharistic miracles. They will defeat those who profane My Name. They will defeat those who have blurred My Truth in order to live by worldly goals. My people are the pupil of My eye, and those who want to exterminate them will be disappointed. Beloved of my people, my prophets will not be allowed to share my Truth for fear that they will preach what is sometimes not convenient to the hierarchy of my Church, so that you, as a people, may know. There are saints consecrated to Me, but they have been condemned to anonymity so that others will not follow their example. My true instruments 'will shine like the sun at noon', they proclaim the truth without fearing that someone will pay attention to them. The world and the flesh say that the devil does not exist, some of my children, who believe that they are still devoted to my Church, also confirm this. Yes, children, they confirm it, so that you act in debauchery and foolishness, so that you allow yourself to act unchecked, dominated by the action of evil on you, and so that you do not repent for it. The world and the flesh say that the devil does not exist to justify your abuse of those closest to you or the weakest, and that you feel no remorse for it. This is where pride manifests itself, My children, the pride that humiliates you and hardens your hearts. My beloved people, at this moment the devil is making a nest for himself in some hardened hearts, in those who do not love Me, in those who live in debauchery, for they are the ground prepared for the spread of evil. Do not neglect to live in my Will, be aware of the moment in which you live. The earth itself is constantly shaking all over the world, and my children are suffering. The earth will oscillate in space. I want my children to be prepared for the ravages of evil, and I will succeed by increasing their faith through Divine Love. Pray my children, pray for Central America, it is shaken. Pray my children, pray for the United States, San Francisco is cleansed. Pray my children, pray, a world leader is dying. Pray. Everything you see with my Love will emanate my Love to you. It is necessary for you to abide in my unity, whoever leaves my unity is exposed to the clutches of evil. I call you to reconciliation, so that in my peace you may be, as I desire, my faithful and true people. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 21 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, may the peace and love of my Son be for you the sweet water that keeps you in constant spiritual renewal. I come to bring you the words that are the will of the Father, so that all of you may take up anew the true essence of faith. You are creatures of God, and as such you have the ability to be reborn in the spirit, to be creatures of goodness, and to abandon the garments of the old man with which you adorned yourselves to be admired by your brothers. You live in the world, but you are not of the world. You do not live to compete on the material level.... You do not live to hide the signs of the times out of fear.... You do not live to ask why or what God allows something.... You live by observing what your brothers and sisters are doing, but you don't notice how many mistakes you yourself have, hiding them to persist in sin .... You live a partial spirituality, with empty prayers and meaningless songs that do not touch the spirit at all. You must be completely obedient to the point of obliteration, so that my Son can live in each of you, and so that not the human will but the Divine will will prevail. You do not take my words with due seriousness, you think it false that you will witness the changes in which you are immersed and which continue to increase like the waves of a rough sea. This generation is experiencing the changes most expected by those who have stopped to see what the signs of the moment are, yet you have become permeated by these changes and consider them insignificant. The subtlety of Satan has entered the Church of my Son, so that this Church appears to continue to belong to my Son without obeying him completely. You, children of my Immaculate Heart, do not have what you should have as children of my Son, because you have been given crumbs and not the whole feast. That is why you are being torn away from the faithful people as the people of my Son diminish. The evil one and his hordes have greater opportunities to deceive you to the point of leading you to a life of total indifference and disrespect towards the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. You are moving forward, but you are passing through a climax where confusion can blind you spiritually, especially those who do not know the word of my Son and are immersed in the minutiae of false religiosity. At the moment, my children are victims of those who distort the word of my Son in his church, cause people to commit abuses, rejecting the Divine Word from which you must not depart and in which you should live. Man is attached to what is worldly, to what is material, to society, to what is convenient for him, and rejects the call of my Son to take up a new life. I mentioned to you that you are called to holiness, and yet you are holding back because you do not trust in the strength that the Holy Spirit pours out on those who are steadfast in their efforts to rise up and be empty vessels for the Holy Spirit to fill them. The prayer of each of you is important, my children, but not a repetitive prayer, without feeling the word pronounced in each sentence. Prayer must be born in the creature, flow from the Heart, be brought to consciousness and from there to reason, and in this way the human Heart raises it with true feeling, awareness, reverence and thanksgiving to the Holy Trinity. Man cannot sleep at this time, he must strive to enter deeply into the path of my Son, so that nothing disturbs him and no one deceives him. Most of my Son's people are waiting for the beginning of signals and signs that tell them that they are already in the process of purification, and I, as Mother, ache for such denial, seeing what is already happening all over the earth. Children, attacks of nature, which science alone cannot explain, as events that have not happened before, and unexpected signs, noises, changes in nature and man, which they do not want to see, because they are influenced by the moon and sun and nature itself, and the work of the devil, due to the absence of God in man. If man does not know how to live in the love of my Son, he will not be able to overcome the constant and changing states of mind in which he is living at the moment, because he receives Satanic influences contained in everything around him. You expect evil to come to you with weapons or with suggestions, but this is not how the thief of souls works - he works stealthily, without seeing or feeling, so that a person does not put himself on guard. At all times some have denied the word of the prophets, so that the people of my Son would not be prepared. Right now you are denying my prophet and attacking what she preaches, forgetting that it is not her word, but the Word of God that she preaches. Mankind accepts what it should not accept and rejects the Word that comes to remove the blindfold from your eyes, so that you may discover that you are God's children, so that you may ascend and live in communion with my Son. Beloved children, do not worry, do not be anxious, greater things will happen, and you must keep your faith alive, calm and desire to enter into the Divine Will and ultimately unite with it. Be creatures of good works, don't be jealous or let greed overwhelm you, because the devil finds a culture in which to grow and harm you as creatures of God. If you have been warned by this explanation of God's Will, do not demolish it, if you do not believe, persist in ignorance, but do not throw around useless words that easily lend themselves to discussion. You, my children, penetrate the truth, live with a pure heart and be righteous in your hearts. Pray my children, pray that the plague will be accurately described, that mankind will be warned. Pray my children, pray, the earth is shaking strongly, it is a time of calamities! ... Pray, my children, treachery is coming between countries and they will rise up with great fierceness against each other. Pray children, pray for Portugal, the lamentation is heard everywhere. Pray children, pray for Spain. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, there are many creatures who come to me. Sometimes you tell me that I do not come to you, but you do not see that your faith is so cold that you ask, not even thinking with love, not begging, but giving orders, and my Son loves humility. The Angel of Peace will come from the Father's House and speak to you with a true word and make you remember that God is faithful and true. I bless you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 26 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, at every moment I go with My people, I do not stray from My own. I bless you constantly for every action in accordance with our will, and I grieve so much when you do not listen to my calls. I did not come to change the Commandments, the Scriptures or the Sacraments, I remain in action in the present. Our Trinity is the eternal present, and by the decree of our Trinity, the explanation of this word of the Trinity is revealed to you in these messages. My people, it is urgent for you to realize that you must change your path and embark on the path of becoming more spiritual, so that you can discern what is the Will of God, what is the Will of men and what is leading my Church into schism, in order to elevate the usurper of my people. Not only must you know who I am, not only must you know me, but you must recognize me so that you will not be deceived. Therefore, it is not enough to call yourselves Christians, nor to know and believe that I have redeemed you from sin, for you have no assured Salvation. Everyone will be judged according to his deeds. You hear it often said that Heaven is for everyone, and it certainly is for everyone, such is our Will, but not everyone has gained Heaven - rather, you must strive and be doers of the Divine Law that you know in order to come to enjoy Eternal Life. You hear it said that Hell does not exist, that you live in Hell on Earth. This, children, is an aberration, and because you are ignorant of the Scriptures, you are deceived. A place of fire exists where souls remain without me, lamenting and suffering, not from God's Will, but because of the misuse of free will, which surrendered to evil, and therefore sin. You do not regularly hear sermons about Purgatory, and mankind has lost what is a great help and blessing for the souls in Purgatory, the recitation of the Holy Rosary and the recitation of the Holy Trisagion for the intentions of the souls in Purgatory, waiting for My Most Holy Mother and the angels under Her protection to bring them to Us. My beloved people, you must constantly watch over yourselves, over the human ego, so that it does not lead you off the path to Eternal Life. It is decisive to adhere to personal work and action, but this cannot be achieved by those who are not humble, so you should come together as the mystical body that you are, so that you can help each other and overcome personal obstacles. At the moment, my people have lost the awareness of what sin means to the soul, because the word of truth is not preached to you, but lukewarmness, and therefore people find kinship in sin. Mankind hears you speak of mercy without justice, of mercy that does not see, of mercy that does not hear, but forgives all, no matter how serious the fault, even if the creature does not feel pain and sorrow for the wrong committed. My people want to see a Cross that pleases man, a Cross that allows everything, a Cross that is indifferent to sin. Children, grow up, study Me, get to know Me, so that you will not be deceived, so that you will not be deceived. My Cross is love, mercy and Justice. 'Let mercy and truth never depart from you, tie them to your neck, write them on the tablet of your Heart. This is how you will find favor and good renown in the eyes of God and men. Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not lean on your own reason. Recognize Him in all your ways, and He will make your paths straight'. I am the King without a Kingdom, I am the Lord of Love, and I plead for love.... my children are made easy on the path to perdition, they do not understand that in order to walk towards me, they must live in our Divine Will. Man's intelligence, his knowledge, his understanding have been altered so that he moves toward what is easy, toward what does not require effort and does not take him out of his comfort zone. My beloved people, if you want to be truly free, love the freedom I give you to choose to follow Me.... Love fulfilling my Will ... love fulfilling the Commandments ... love fulfilling the Sacraments ... love following Me ... love serving Me, but not in a whimsical way like a human being, but rather in my Will, which requires effort, decision, sacrifice, commitment, truth, surrender, forgiveness, but above all working and acting in my Love. Do you want to be free and not slaves? Follow Me, I offer you true freedom. My people, do not let them lead you astray and towards perdition, where the soul will not see My light. The devil moves into the thoughts of man precisely what man desires most, in order to attack him and divert him from Me. The lives of my children at this time must be active in the spirit; otherwise, if my children do not practice, they are easy prey for evil. Don't forget that the devil is waging a battle that you don't notice because of the worldly noise in which you live, because of the lack of inner silence, a spiritual battle, and in some cases it becomes physical when a creature is possessed by the devil. My people, give me my kingdom, do not exclude me from your life. They have forbidden me in public places, they treat me like a thief, they hide me, they take me away from places of work, they do not allow my little children to look at me, they restrict my Word so that Satan penetrates all my people. But children, this King of love and mercy, love and justice dwells in each of His children, and from there no one can remove Me, only you yourselves. Know Me profoundly, so that you may understand that I am the King of all that has been created, of all that is visible and invisible, the King of the universe, the King of what man knows and of what he does not yet know. Therefore, I reveal events so that your lamp may be full of oil. Pray children, pray, the earth is still shaking, you will not find peace. Pray children, pray; the devil, having penetrated and mastered the minds of some people, brings pain to mankind. There is terror in one country and another, and my innocent children are suffering. European capitals are suffering. Pray children, pray. Pray children, the United States is suffering. Pray children, communism is growing in strength and my people are oppressed without compassion. Moments are cruel, what is shaping up is not the man of my residual Church, but the man of rebellion, the man of contradictions, the man of pride, the man who participates in all the rites of religion without definition, to be lost in a sea of confusion, then Satan will find the perfect place for his plan against humanity. My beloved people, use the gift of free will, remaining in grace, so that you may find the purpose for which you were created, so that you may enjoy Eternal Life. My people, do not judge the attitudes of your brethren, do not reproach the one who has gone astray, but on the contrary, praise the one who is making progress and moving toward the knowledge of the truth of My Word. All people live in a certain heat of error, but praiseworthy is he who recognizes his error, and he who persists in error without recognizing it belongs to the foolish. To study me, to know me, is not against my Will, it is the duty of my mystical body to know me deeply and to enter with confidence into that relationship that I want you to have with this King of kings, but there are few children who truly desire this. In this celebration, remember that I am the King of the universe, do not limit Me. I come to you with My Love and My Justice, with My forgiveness and My Truth. I bless you and explain to you that you must know, so that you will not be lost for lack of knowledge. My Love accepts the one who knows how to recognize himself as a sinner, foolish, stubborn, who recognizes himself as such. I bless each and every one of those who cherish My Word, I bless their walk and their surroundings, so that each of you is a human being who takes this My Blessing wherever it goes. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 01 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal blessing remains with you as an indelible seal of my motherhood for those who receive it. The Most Holy Trinity has given me the title 'Our Lady of the End Times.' All without distinction are my children, to all of you I offer my love, my guidance, my intercession, my hands to lead you on the sure path that leads to Eternal Life. Beloved children, in view of your stubbornness to separate yourselves from my Son, from the Divine Will and from my Maternity, these exhortations are for you to reflect and that no more souls perish. This generation has seen that from Heaven and thanks to God's Mercy, you will surely see the events announced to humanity, the moment of trial that is already unfolding. You are not a generation with little intelligence, but you are a generation that has rebelled against my Son and all that is Divine, plunging into the oblivion of God and falling into the trap of the antichrist. There is a scale in front of everyone, and at the moment it tilts toward unbelief, contempt, rebellion, immorality, disrespect, mercy and love for one's neighbor. On the scale, man puts his own pride, self-centeredness, desire to stand out and have the best, lack of faith, ignorance of God's laws and attraction to what evil offers. This generation has received a great inheritance of Salvation, precisely because of this, it has underestimated it and misinterpreted it, feeling that it is safe, clinging to evil, and at the same time has created that which, when used, will cause the greatest damage you have ever seen or heard of.... in the midst of the fiction in which much of this generation has grown up through video games and cinema, you lack a sense of reality and danger. That is why you have allowed yourselves to be ensnared by fiction, so that the devil can achieve his goal in confronting a generation that thinks that life is a game and that whenever it wants, it can start all over again. The lack of consciousness of man, whose conscience is impaired by misused free will, is the sad reality of today's man, who lives in unreality in the midst of the real world, real events that urge man to make the ultimate change in his work and actions. But my children do not obey, so evil takes advantage of human weakness to deceive you and make you think and believe that everything is fine. These are moments of confusion for my children, the helm is turning and in the midst of the raging sea of what is worldly, you do not find the courage to make the right decision. Those who consider themselves enemies of the Divine Will will commit more and more acts of sacrilege, seizing the temples. Sacred vessels will be sold as worthless objects, and temples will be transformed into places for worldly spectacles. The idolatry of man against man is increasing, and my Son is increasingly condemned to solitude. My Son's people lack truth, lack information, lack knowledge, so the enemies of the faith carry out their diabolical plan gradually, until they reach that moment when they seize man as a slave to serve the deceiver by acquiescence. The moment of hesitation has come, my children do not distinguish between the Divine Will and that which is imposed by men. Therefore, I urge you to listen to my calls, I urge you to know the Holy Scriptures, not to adopt forms of modernism that will cause humanity to go to perdition. You act passively in the face of that which leads you down the wrong path, you walk like sheep towards the abyss. You who call yourselves faithful, bear witness to my Son, be those who encourage your brothers and sisters to abide by my Son. You see great changes taking place every now and then around the world, communism itself is advancing slowly but inexorably, oppressing and repressing before the eyes of humanity. My children are starving to death in the face of the power of communism, dying, unable to utter a word, and the rest of humanity.... What is she doing on behalf of her brothers and sisters? At this moment, those who spread the revelations of Heaven are being persecuted in order to challenge what is revealed to them, in order to undermine the credibility of the explanations of the Word of God or the word of this Mother. This moment of confusion is a moment of evil, because it leads man to the opposite of good, and man takes pleasure in it. My poor children, you are spiritually blind! He who is spiritually blind at this moment is shielding himself in his blindness so that he does not believe and accept the calls of the Father's House, attached to his false idols. In the history of mankind, sin has existed, but not to the extent that it exists now. There have been blasphemers, but not as there are now. Man has departed from divinity, but not as you do. Evil human work and action has surpassed what man himself could have imagined, and at this moment he does not want to know that he cannot return to the past, because he has become accustomed to evil, so you do not want to convert. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray children, pray for France, because it will fall victim to terror. Pray children, pray for Central America, it will be shaken, and Colombia will suffer starvation because of disobedience to the calls of my Son. The guerrillas are not signing truces, but they are making conditions. This land will suffer atonement. Pray children, pray for the United States, man rises above everything, he does not want restrictions. Pray, the land of freedom will be shaken and the sign of freedom will be attacked by enemy forces. My Son is Love and for this reason He allows man to purify himself. Mankind feels increasingly pale in the face of countless losses in all areas, but nevertheless does not obey and suffers even more. He gives names and excuses for his suffering because of his haughtiness, so as not to accept that he is doing wrong. The waters of the sea continue to plague mankind. On a sunny day, a person will be surprised by water. Plagues come and destroy man's food in an instant, so famine and droughts will be a worry for great nations. This humanity will see what is undesirable, it will be purified so that it will be prepared for the Second Coming of my Son, when peace will reign everywhere and man will fulfill the Will of God, and man will no longer be separated from the Most Holy Trinity or from this Mother, for man will be one with his Father who is in Heaven. Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, the Angel of Peace is coming to speak '...to people of good will' and to those who have not believed, so that they may be converted, and they will be converted in the face of the word of truth. My children will give thanks for not abandoning the correct teaching of my Son and will give thanks for remaining faithful to God. Look at me children, I am watching over you so that no more souls will perish! Look to me children, do not continue to live in darkness, where you do not distinguish what is right, what is pleasing to my Son! Do not be content with evil, be creatures of goodness, of God's Love and those who possess what the world lacks, wisdom and discernment. Children of my Heart, I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my motherhood, I bless you and I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 08 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, included in my blessing is not only my Love for each of you, but also the qualities I desire for my children. Each one of you must accept these qualities that my Blessing brings with it and multiply them so that they will take root in you and then turn into gifts. Children, without effort you cannot make any trait, virtue or gift grow in you. One who is not persistent is like a lamp that goes out in a light wind. You must strive so that this willpower, resolve, desire to obey the Will of the Most Holy Trinity will strengthen you when you need it. On this day when my Immaculate Conception is celebrated in a special way, I look at the earth and what I see does not give me satisfaction, the number of my children is decreasing, especially in the big cities. In small places, in small towns, I see more devotion and more love for my Son, because what they offer to my Son and to me is born in the Heart. In some places they offer me empty prayers, Mass is celebrated without true love, rosaries are offered without meditation, and this is what man has come to, and what has already been announced, because of the weakening of the sense of responsibility that the human creature has as a child of God the Father. Man has been given space to develop libertinism and to misuse free will. In the face of this chaos, humanity, advancing or retreating like an uncontrolled mass, has suffered a regression due to the misuse of free will, has suffered a complete moral regression in coexistence, in education, in human honesty, in respect, in patience, in effort, and you are still experiencing this regression on a personal level and as a society, because you do not observe and preserve human ethics. My children have begun to idealize an excessive desire for possessions, especially for what is material and finite. Therefore, I urge you to realize the strength of will that you must maintain in order for the love of my Son to grow in you. Do you want to have a good life? Do you want to find the truth? Do you want to grow? Hold on to the love that flows from the Sacred Heart of my Son, and I, as Mother, will offer you mine, which will mediate for each of you without distinction, as long as you repent when you do wrong and work badly, and resolve to correct the wrong done and turn toward the good. At the moment my children are directing their lives towards what is wrong, they are in a serious crisis that they were warned about beforehand, but what is the motive that does not allow them to turn it around? You do not look within yourself, you look outside of yourself for what you can only find within yourself. Because of this, man enters a serious personal crisis from which he does not know how to get out. And it is that the human creature does not understand that if it does not focus its life on God, everything else suffers a great disruption, leaves its axis and spins without stopping. How often have I called on you to know my Son! I call you to study my Son, to reason and be aware of this Divine Love, to be attracted to God. My children have intelligence, but it has been obscured by the devil. Humanity does not want to reason; I told you that love is a force of the will, I told you that love moves the will. It's just that at this moment, when mankind doesn't know what true love is, it can't transform the will, and man falls, dominated by this dominant will that makes him choose what is easy and worldly, because due to man's weakness this will has grown, proud and dominant, imposing itself on man. In homes I see a great lack of true love and great weakness in maintaining harmony - this is because the center of the home is not my Son, that you do not gather to raise petitions to Heaven, while I wait for the call to help you.... As the Mother of all mankind, I desire that you attain the knowledge of the truth and save your soul. Behold, I stand before every human being with my hands outstretched toward you to lead you to my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, moments make man's thoughts race and cause him to act without reason, going forward in anger. This defect of man is caused by man's lack of union with his Creator, making his decisions a response to the madness in which mankind is immersed, a madness caused by evil to accelerate the formal appearance of the great usurper. You are in the great changes that are engulfing humanity, unexpected changes fabricated by the minds of the powerful of this world, through which suffering falls on the innocent. Fights are intensifying and borders are being closed because you do not recognize each other as children of God, and the powerful think they can take the helm of decisions about the future of humanity. Beloved children, you are in apparent peace, but in an instant you will discover that this apparent peace has disappeared, and standing in front of the mirror of reality, you will see how communism, freemasonry and illuminati have led you into confusion and used this confusion to dominate you. They have built the Tower of Babel; the weapons were not constructed by man to look at them, but to demonstrate their power to their fellows. Right now, creation is trembling because of human disobedience and human action. Where does a single act of pride lead you? To sorrow over sorrows! I beg you, my children, pray for the Middle East, the pain is becoming entrenched. Pray, my children, pray for Venezuela, a merciless plague is leading this nation to face more agony. Pray, my children, pray for Argentina, at dawn confusion grows and pain grips my children, nature strikes them. Pray, my children, pray for Europe, great cities will fall victim to terror and the earth will shake. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the opposite of evil is goodness, unity, love, brotherhood, wisdom, gentleness, forgiveness.... In the face of this, my children, evil would not advance. I ask you, children, to stop the inner anger with which you have been tainted and which you have accepted, to look with the eyes of the light of my Son's love. In this way you will attract God's love to humanity, you will be the lightning bolt that will stop the progress of the evil that has penetrated the interior of man. Make the effort to live in inner peace, to live in love, to be forgiving and to put aside haughtiness and what is worldly. Otherwise, you will share in the great errors that have imprisoned humanity and through which a large part of it will suffer. My Son does not abandon you, do not forsake Him, do not leave Him without a crown. My Son calls you and pleads for you, I plead for wisdom for you and for you to be love in the likeness of my Son. I bless you with my Motherly Heart. I bless you, asking each of you to be your brother's Advocate. Pray my children, pray and be those who do the Will of God. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 12 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal Heart is filled with Love for all my children. At this moment you are before the memorial of the birth of my Son. This moment should serve your spiritual preparation, knowing that as the people of my Son you have received the Divine Law: The Commandments. Divine Truth is one, not subject to interpretation. I have received you at the foot of the Cross of Glory and Majesty, and I do not want you to fall into the confusion I warned you about. Children, confusion is caused by evil, and you must recognize that at this moment, in which this generation lives, there is chaos everywhere, in all aspects of human life, values are disappearing, and morality has collapsed to the point that we do not respect each other as children of God. The human body, the temple of the Holy Spirit, has grieved the Holy Spirit, man has offended Him with thoughts marked by perversity; evil is the source of confusion, and at the moment evil is desperately seeking the perdition of souls, and because of the lack of order in humanity and its spiritual life, the enemy of the soul has found a place where he can cultivate his evil in full freedom and duplicate evil and anti-values, with the goal of undermining the mystical body of my Son, so that my children despise what is holy. I am saddened, you know the history and you must apply this knowledge to this moment in which you are moving and opposing my Son and what he represents. Evil has moved into my Son's Church itself, and where the guidelines for my children emanate, there is disrespect that has been used to deny what cannot be denied. Beloved children, you do not know the Holy Scriptures with full awareness, and therefore you have not learned to discern and are clinging to the current of the world, the current of confusion and shame. As humanity, you should be faithful to my Son, grateful, aware, merciful, reflective, and maintain a relationship that goes beyond attending Mass every seven days - attending because experiencing Mass is different from attending Mass. Hence, the spiritual relationship has declined more than in previous periods of humanity. You know of the era of creation consecrated by the Eternal Father to his people, you know of my Son's inheritance and use it to continue your spiritual journey as his people, and at the moment you remain in the moment of the Holy Spirit, where the Heavenly Father has decreed that his children enjoy the good things that previous generations rejected. You are children of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, and therefore the gifts and virtues, the joys and the union with the Divine Spirit are closer to everyone, so that you can enter into another union, with the Divine and not the human. It is not easy to have such a close relationship with the Divine Spirit. This opportunity is given to you by the Eternal Father for those moments when man must abandon a lukewarm relationship with the Holy Trinity in order to enter into a true relationship where there is union, truth, closeness and continuous life of man with his Lord. Beloved ones, be reflective, don't act 'a priori'; reason, examine yourself, don't be arrogant, don't feed the 'ego' so that free will finds the necessary limitation and so that you rule the 'ego' and the 'ego' does not rule man. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not neglect work and action, do not continue to be judges of your brothers and sisters, belonging to the majority who act by imitation. Beloved children, at this moment the people of my Son are walking like pilgrims and in silence, afraid, as if living in a foreign land, waiting amidst the uncertainty caused by the lack of strong faith. At this moment you are literally shoulder to shoulder with the advertising of consumerism. My Son was born in a manger, not in a golden cradle, this Advent should be different for you, and you should not forget the true spiritual meaning of Advent. You are preparing for the Parousia. At the Second Coming of my Son all nations will be shaken, everything that exists, from the universes to the most inconceivable and smallest creatures will know that my Son is coming. Prepare yourselves, for no one knows the day or the hour. You are celebrating my revelation as Empress of the Americas, and I want children who are obedient to the Will of God. I do not want a nation that surrenders to evil, to be dominated by the forces of evil that take you as slaves and degrade you as children of God. My land of Mexico is at this moment a land of pain, where crimes, misdemeanors, abortions stain the land where I came. You look at me on the tilma, you pray to me.... And I ask: where can you find the heart of man and the thought of man? Some people read about the study of my tilma, on which I am reflected, you read what they have found, you know that the constellations are reflected in me and are unable to deny the miracles that I sustain as revelation. I see the eternal wonder in the Heart of Man at these scientific analyses, and still you have not yet discovered what can be seen at a glance on my tilma, and the researchers of my image on earth have not been enlightened by the Holy Spirit, because they do not ask for it. But God's time is not man's time, and God's love for His people will be revealed in all its glory, in this my patronage over all mankind. Wait for the Angel of Peace, whom I will guard until my Son sends him to earth. I know that for some my revelations are not very great. That is why I have revealed this secret to my prophet, waiting for humanity's reaction. Pray, my children, do not give up your prayer for North Korea. Pray my children, pray for Australia, she is badly shaken. Pray my children, pray for the United States, Russia and Germany, it is urgent. Pray children, pray for Central America, she will suffer. My beloved ones, do not be afraid.... Am I not here, who am your Mother? Do you not see God's magnificence, God's power that speaks to you through His creation. And He says to you: 'Look on high,' and how many of you look on high? ... How many of you have forgotten that the stars can be seen at night? ... How many of you know that he is alive? ... My children, people of my Son, devotion to life in spirit and truth is not a matter of those who suddenly give up, but of those who are true. Do not just wait for misfortunes, prepare yourselves in advance to enjoy Heaven. I am the Mother of all mankind, and as a Woman clothed with the sun, I am the Mother of all mankind, whom I protect and love with the love that comes from the Holy Trinity. Pray as families to dispel the darkness of evil. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 17 2017 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless my children, all whom I love, because all people are my children. On the road to the awakening of consciousness, the moment of my people turns into arduous work, an arduous struggle against worldliness, which penetrates humanity in the guise of what is good and acceptable, and is really what kills the good, causing man to fall into impure instincts and spiritual ignorance, putting the priority of man in the last place, which should be the Salvation of the soul. My people remain inert, and as the moment passes, this inertia brings man to the brink of a spiritual abyss. A man who offers me nothing, who does not sacrifice himself, who wants to remain the center of attention, who insults his brothers and sisters, who is indifferent to human pain, who despises what is fraternal, a slanderer, a fool, the one, who does not bow before my Father's law in the Commandments, who despises the sacraments, who rejoices in the suffering of others, who does not hear the calls of my Father's House, who insults my Mother, then my child is moving away from me and is in danger of perishing if he does not repent in time. My people, the King of pride permeates a person with pride so that it sprouts. My children are enlightened by my Holy Spirit and must not rejoice in pride, but in humility, otherwise they will act with pride without noticing it. You are instructed as a nation. You have been instructed in every revelation to be alert to what is wrong and sinful, and not to fall into the muddy current of the world, which is moving away from Me and joining the ranks of the devil as a sign of rebellion against our Divine Will. Evil offers you promiscuity, debauchery, lies, it facilitates what you want in order to make you feel good, to make you feel that everything is fine, that you are acting and working within the framework of goodness. This imbues you with distrust of me. You are people who have been instructed to continue to implement the revelation, to be truthful. To this I call you, to practice this revelation, to gain strength in faith, being aware, convinced, knowing My Word, practicing a strong union with Me, converted, discerning, humble - and above all, be love, for I am Love. You were born out of my Love. I consecrated myself out of love for you; my Holy Spirit accompanies you, instructs and guides you in discernment, my Mother intercedes for all of you. But you have not yet found that which opens the way for you.... This is love. The main ingredient of human creation, that which should not be missing, because if the spice of our love is missing, human creation, which is empty inside, is a constant threat to my children. My beloved ones, it is because of this ingredient, which once existed in some creatures, but withered due to the hardness of the human Heart, that a large part of humanity has fallen into chaos, rebellion, incoherence, communism and its errors, envy, lack of mercy and the harmful generosity of the human ego. My beloved people, in the plan of Salvation I have called you to be its faithful participants. Helping your brothers and sisters is essential, so that they will not be lost for lack of faith in My Word. There will come a time when you will feel or think that you are alone, but this is not the case, I will never abandon you. My Mother loves you with an everlasting love. My beloved people, pray, children, pray, the war is moving from threat to reality. Pray children, pray that the storm in My Church will continue. Pray children, pray for England, it will be shaken and terrorism will invade it. Pray children, pray for Italy, suffering is near, they will be shaken and nature will scourge them. Rome will cry incessantly. Pray children, pray for Indonesia, it will suffer from its volcanoes. Beloved children, Colombia will suffer for the mistakes made against My Mother, the stupidity of this people will be defeated. My beloved people, it is important for you to become personally aware, to be mirrors of my work and actions. Evil is preparing its strategy against those who are Mine - do not separate yourselves from what belongs to you, eternal Salvation. Do not be like the Pharisees, be mine 'in spirit and in truth'. Grow, do not stop, grow patiently, work and act according to My Will. Do not be victims of those who criticize you, be patient, be love for those who are far from Me. I suffer for those who are indifferent to my calls or do not take me seriously, they will regret having rejected my Word. They will regret that they were not disciples of my Word, I gave them 'means and more' regarding my Angel of Peace, but my people are still indifferent, making predictions that do not help you. You jump from place to place and become more and more confused, you don't listen to my voice, you want to know more and in the end you know nothing of what I have announced to you. I am patient and just at the same time. My Angel of Peace sees you, earnestly seeks harmony, sincerity, faith, trust, peace in you and in your homes. Understand that you are my apostles of the end times, and as such you must live as I have taught you, therefore my Angel of Peace will not feel that you are indifferent. My beloved people, look high, on the vault of heaven important phenomena will take place, unknown by most. Do not forget that you are preparing to celebrate my birth, and you must do so with the peace and love that the rest of the world does not give me. I call upon you, as your Lord and Savior, to maintain inner peace and love, so that you will be magnets attracting my Love to you. I remain with you so that you do not lose your way, and you must remain faithful to our Trinity, not ashamed that you are my children or children of my most holy Mother. My love walks the earth in search of souls in whom it can deposit my love. With my blessing I feed you so that you turn away from evil. I love you, you are my people, the pupil of my eye. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 22 2017 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I keep you in my Heart.... And so united, let us give thanks to God for the memorial of my Son's birth. In my Son I see you and, as Mother of Humanity, my Heart overflows with joy for you. Beloved children, my Son begs you for unity, reconciliation and understanding. This is lacking in homes where each member of the family chooses what best suits his personal interests rather than the interests of those around him. My Son says to you: '...who is my Mother and who are my brothers? Don't hang out only with those you feel comfortable with, don't pretend to hang out with them just for the occasion, don't love only those you want by your side. Remember that my Son came to unite, and this date is so that there will be a true fraternal reconciliation lasting for the rest of your lives. Do not forget that my Son was born in a stable with no luxuries except the warmth of the straw in which we laid Him. My Son enjoyed the sincere love of the humble who came to worship Him. Knowledge, understanding of brothers and sisters, wisdom in treating a brother and devotion to one's neighbor out of love for God are more accessible to the humble in spirit. Beloved children, the stable in which my Son was born tells you that you should not live a life of vain appearances or 'status', nor desire economic importance or human honors. In the midst of conceit and selfishness, man does not come to this humble manger, because in order to go there, you must leave along the way what hinders you from recognizing the greatest treasure that this manger hides, the greatest greatness, God's Love. Saint Joseph and I took our son and in the midst of the choirs of heaven we laid him in the manger. Do you know what a manger symbolizes? The inner corridor where man becomes small so that my Son can show His power, His glory, His majesty and His omnipotence. The manger is the place where man recognizes his smallness and his need to be one with my Son and with his brothers and sisters. Divine Love receives warmth from the straw, do you know what the straw of the stable where my Son is? Each piece of straw represents each of you, my children, those who persist in the midst of fatigue, temptation, slander, storms, those who follow in the footsteps of my Son. These are the apostles of the end times. There was no lack of light in the stable, intense rays of light came down from the Heart of the Eternal Father, and in union with Him, the choirs of heaven approached the humble ones who grazed their flocks. How many of my children, for lack of humility, do not see the light that is before them! That is why this light has been entrusted to you, so that at this time you may illuminate the earth through good deeds and works in accordance with God's will. You are few, yes, but my children make God the Father look upon the earth and the earth is not plunged into total darkness. In the midst of total adoration come the Kings who, following the star, have found the born King, bow before Him and worship Him, offering gold, frankincense and myrrh, recognizing the Savior of mankind. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, such a sublime birth at the same time speaks of a sacrifice for the Salvation of mankind. This Child in the manger offers Himself to the Father out of love for man. He offers Himself on the Cross of Calvary for each of you, whether you love Him or not, yes, my Son loves you and sacrificed Himself for all of you. Children, my Son wants to remain in you, He wants the truth in each of you, He wants His Divine Love to reign in you, for you to be imitators of His Love, His action, His truth. As Mother, I call you to unity at this time, when mankind is outdoing itself in what is wrong, seriously insulting my Son, substituting Commandments and Sacraments so as not to feel remorse. Creation vomits the mistakes of this generation, and the biggest mistake is the lack of love for God, the lack of love in man. From this all errors are born, and because of this you have gone astray because of the constant misinformation they confuse you with. The earth is shaking due to man's disobedience, and in this shaking man is suffering and will suffer more misery. You have not understood that by disobeying the will of God, man is punishing himself, and God is allowing this punishment, taking into account human negativity. My children, the moon will take on a different color than usual for a few moments, the vault of the sky too. Remember to pray with your hearts and, above all, to constantly work and act in God's Will. Pray my children, pray for the innocents who are suffering at the hands of ruthless people, pray that God's Angels will help these innocent beings. Pray, my children, pray, violence engulfs humanity, unrest leads to conflict and these lead to uprisings. Argentina, you will suffer for your mistakes! Colombia, you have been blind to my requests! Chile, you are rebelling against my Son! You will again be shaken by the earth and nature. Pray my children, pray for the United States and France, they will fall victim to terrorism and nature. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, volcanoes become active even in the sea. Do not let yourselves be separated from my Son, cry out to the Holy Spirit, do not forget your guardian angels, your traveling companions. Wait for our Angel of Peace, wait for him with love, do not inflict pain on him by refusing to live in peace and in truth. I am before you to guide you to the 'Way, the Truth and the Life'. I love you with eternal love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 24 2017 - Mother of God
My dearest daughter, the fact that my Son was born in such humble conditions was not an accident, but was so planned by the Eternal Father that from the first moment mankind understood that in order to enter into spiritual life and accept the teachings of my Son, it is necessary to dissolve everything that keeps you bound to false personal beliefs, to the 'ego' that remains strong in man, to human stupidity, and to humbly look at yourself and recognize what is and how it is, what must be left behind and what must be taken up in order to unite with my Son. I ask you to make each day like this one, in which the man of God recognizes that love must prevail in life, and remember that without love we are nothing. We did not travel alone, but accompanied by guardians whom God the Father sent to accompany us on our journey, and before we entered the stable, the angels were already there, joyful, waiting for our entrance. The stable, that humble place, was the great palace where the Son of God would be born. The angels of God the Father became visible to our eyes, and Joseph, amazed by such grandeur, realized that more than in a palace, we were in the most beautiful place that could exist on earth. We hurriedly cleaned the place, and the angels of God helped my husband Joseph, and the place, with pristine cleanliness, was prepared for the birth of my Son, which had been announced to me in advance. The angels perfumed such a great palace with the aromas of Heaven. I was told of the birth, and absorbed in my womb, where Divine Love was to come to humanity, I entered into this unfathomable mystery. The chill of the night caused my husband Joseph to hastily light a fire and I asked him to rest, and Joseph, plunged into a dream that was ecstasy, saw what was happening to the divine birth. I was elevated above creation and was filled with the greatest miracles that filled my Heart, my mind, my thoughts, my reason, my soul and my Spirit to receive 'holy mysteries' that had not been revealed to me before. I was engulfed in deep divine ecstasy until I saw the face of God and was filled with divine teaching, prudence, divine hope, divine Love and understanding.... Upright before the Eternal Father, I received His great blessing, and the supreme majesty took me by the hands and I received all the instructions for raising the one who was to become the Savior of mankind. My face radiated with the divine light that the Father reflected in me; aware of what was happening, in full mental powers, I saw myself transfigured before such an unfathomable presence. Moments later, I felt my child moving forcefully in my womb, already prepared for birth, and enchanted by the Divine Spirit, I saw that God, who had become man, was released from this cloister, without any pain. The love of my insides united with the Divine Spirit, and in complete surrender of myself, without any resistance to the Divine Will, with absolute readiness and being like a crystal to the light, the 'Only Begotten of the Father' was born, thanks to the action and grace of the Holy Spirit, preserving my virgin state; everything was a miracle of love. I saw Saint Michael and Saint Raphael worshiping my Child, transformed, more beautiful and brighter than the sun. His skin, completely cleansed, radiated such purity that the light of his divine body came out. My child was released by the hands of Saint Michael and Saint Gabriel, and at that moment there was a divine encounter between them, my Son and I were united, he as true love and I as his Mother said to him: my beloved for me, and I for my beloved.... We entered into intimate acquaintance, and with all my maternal tenderness, seeing those blessed eyes, I loved him in the Divine Will from the manger to the Cross. Emerging from this state, I called out to Joseph, and looking at the Child, he shed tears that ran down His cheeks; the One for whom he had waited so much was there, I handed Him into His arms, and with complete reverence loved Him with eternal love. The humble came to worship my Son, for the Kingdom belongs to the humble. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 30 2017 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of My people, 'I am who I am,' I highlight My Word left in the Holy Scriptures, so that this generation may realize the path on which it walks and be ready for conversion. My Love does not cease to call you, touching the hearts of those who are Mine, so that they will turn away from evil and overcome the human ego that subjugates them through wrong attachments that cause them to persist in evil deeds and works. I am saddened to see how individualistic you are, with such clear differences even within one family. I am saddened when, using power in society, in education, in religion, in government, you commit injustice against the weakest, the humblest. My people, I watch with sadness how man has distorted his humanity. He makes mistakes without measure, and sometimes with premeditation. Man, who is supposed to serve our Trinity, at the moment serves evil, and evil deeds are spreading through all social classes, without distinction. Morality has been supplanted by forms of modernism, society is indulgent to fashions, adopting serious errors as new moral norms. Many of my children drag these errors behind them and judge their brothers and sisters by them, allowing selfishness and jealousy to flow through their veins, and feeling powerful, they sit in judgment and falsely plot even against that which is of me. My people, do not forget that when you turned away from me and refused to acknowledge me as God, and felt superior to me and limited me, you became confused and acted against yourself in great confusion. You brought pain upon yourselves, making all of creation rebellious against man, who acts and acts against the Divine Will. My people, I have been guiding you through this Divine Lesson to explain to you what you refused to accept, My Word. I am revealing Myself to My People in spite of your continued disobedience to My Word, in order to mobilize you to repentance. My Mother calls you again and again because she does not want more souls to be lost. I call upon you to recognize that you are sinners, and you proudly refuse to do so .... I call on you to abide in the state of Grace, and for this generation it is ridiculous ... I call on you to fulfill the Sacraments, and you refuse to do so ... I mention the Commandments, and you don't know what I'm talking about, the Beatitudes are unknown to this generation where selfishness reigns. Right now 'technological childhood' believes it can kill and give life. Children, you live as bearers of extreme anger, which you constantly receive through the media and the deceptive entertainment you have at your fingertips. Your senses are constant receptors of aggression, and the human creature is beginning to extend this anger against his fellow human beings. This is not what I want from you. This is not how I want you to respond to me, my children. I call upon you to love me and draw near to me.... My children must honor Me 'in spirit and in truth. Unbelief blows like the wind, you treat Me with great disregard in the blessed sacrament of the Eucharist, where I really and truly am, in My Body and My Blood, and this cannot be denied, whoever says so is anathema. My people, discernment is needed. The devil attacks my people with lies, suggesting false paths by which he imprisons them through temptations and deceptions that seem good, this is the shield he uses so that you do not see clearly, so that you feel that the path you are to follow is the one he is calling you to. By intruding into your thoughts and intelligence, it becomes the master of your actions, so that you depart from me. My people trust in themselves, forgetting that evil brings them thoughts that seem good, but in the light of discernment they are not good or righteous. My children do not discern, so they allow evil to deceive them without resistance. Man rejects what requires renunciation of him, what requires love for him, humility, obedience, tolerance, wisdom, cordiality, honesty, peace.... Departing from me, you cannot focus on the right path. I call on you to live a life of kindness, to get rid of feelings of pride, to get rid of impetuousness, to get rid of thoughts that exalt the 'ego'. My people, I don't want fanatics, I want souls who worship me, adore me, souls who live God's Will, souls who are constantly devoted to me, who serve their neighbor, who proclaim my Word, souls with a missionary spirit. My people, honor and love my Mother, who at this moment is being insulted by some men who have gone out of her way. My Mother intercedes for my people, and my people must love and honor her as she deserves. Pray, my children, pray that as children of the same Father, you will respect, love one another and be brotherly. Pray my children, pray for the United States, which continues to suffer; experiments have changed the climate and the crust of its land. Terrorism comes and causes pain. Pray, my children, pray for Europe; terrorist actions bring pain. Pray, my children, pray for Italy, it is shaken. Dormant volcanoes are becoming powerfully active. Pray children, Chile and Ecuador are suffering. My people, I must warn you, pray with your hearts, pray as in and live as brothers and sisters. You have forgotten fasting, kindness, mercy, but above all truth. Humanity, as it progresses, is moving closer to exploiting what it has created. Peace agreements are being forgotten in the midst of so much anger. The rulers of nations are moving from words to deeds, this is how humanity works. I encourage you to pray with your Heart, so that you are not separated from me, so that you look towards the vault of Heaven, you will know that I am close to humanity, the signs will not be delayed. Do not wait for events to convert - you know neither the day nor the hour; seek me immediately. In the face of newness, discern, be attentive in work and action, let everything be in accordance with my Will. You are my children and I love you. I do not separate myself from you. Come to me. My people, be worthy children of my Mother. My blessing, my love, my protection is with each of you, I bless each of my children. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.