January 04 2021 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, my children. I keep you in My Heart, in My Will, so that you will not resist My calls. Be faithful to me, be attentive to my calls - spiritual growth is necessary for my people to remain attentive and grounded in what is from me, and so not to succumb to the hordes of Satan. I love you, my children, do not accept the ideologies that cause you to fall into the hands of Satan through the tentacles he maintains among people, supported by those who form the world elite from whom the directives for all human actions come. I do not call the world elite only those who, through economic power, buy consciences and issue laws according to their whim in order to invalidate my people, but also those who, with the participation of my Church, subject my people to harmful physical bloodshed and at the same time spiritual death, immersing them in modern trends that cause me great pain. Be faithful to me. You should not be considered good Christians - I want perfect Christians, devoted to My Will. Children, you must evangelize by being present as beings living constantly in Me, without becoming fanatical extremists who push your brothers and sisters away from Me. I call on you to pray for the welfare of the soul, I call on you to evangelize for personal growth and in order to bring your brothers and sisters closer to me. In spiritual growth, the creature grows by filling himself with knowledge, but above all by using it for the good of his brothers and sisters, being my Love itself and being of my Love, and 'the rest will be added to you. How many of my children are unable to grow spiritually because of the behavior of a bitter heart, blinded and stubborn in its human ego, pride, greed, indifference to the pain of others.... These and other vices of human hearts are what modernism has injected into my children to harden them and force them to look at themselves. This is the plan of one-man rule, wake up, my children, individualizing man, until each of you forms his own temple within himself, so that you become independent of me. I encourage you to be strong in the faith, to not disown me, to be true, to respect the true magisterium of my Church. I encourage you to be strong in your love for my Mother. I encourage you to invoke the protection of your guardian angels, not forgetting my beloved Saint Michael the Archangel. Be courageous and tireless, do not waver in your love for me, be tireless in your devotion to me. The harvest is approaching - not the final judgment of the nations, but of this generation, after the fulfillment of the prophecies that have been decreed by the Will of God, not without first giving my people the opportunity to repent through the Warning. My beloved people, my Heart aches to see you indifferent and to see the enemy of the soul moving freely in the midst of all mankind. I grieve for My children who suffer from so many atrocities committed by human power. I grieve as the Father of love over the war that is coming, over the pain that you continue to suffer from the abuse of science that spreads disease on a massive scale, and I grieve over the unexpected and unknown diseases that man himself will spread by being a victim of the sins of the flesh. My people, beloved people of my Heart, stop, do not offend me again! My Mother offers her tears for each of you. My Mother has received you at the foot of my Cross of Glory to guide and protect you, respecting the free will of each of mine. My people, in the face of the calamities in which you live and those to come, pay attention to what is happening around you; take shelter, protect yourself. The devil shakes my people, but my beloved people are protected by the shield of my Mother's love, from which the demon will flee, and mine will see the triumph of my Mother's Immaculate Heart. For this, you must remain steadfast in faith. Beloved people, pray, the earth will continue to shake, pray for the United States, pray for Central America. Beloved people, pray, the waters of the ocean will hit the coast, islands and volcanoes will emerge from the sea, inspiring fear in my children. My people, my Mother will amaze you with a miracle, one that only She knows how to give to those who love Her. I have called you to wait for my Angel of Peace, whom I will send so that my people will be strengthened and no longer falter. Love him, do not say to yourselves: 'I am the one.... he is here or there,' because the one I send will come at the time appointed by our Will. It is a time of trial and divine and maternal love. Wait patiently with the same patience as our Holy Trinity. For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have eternal life. Do not doubt my Love for each of my children, do not doubt the love with which you love me. I bless you, I love you with an everlasting love! I am your God, and you are my people. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 12 2021 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Sacred Heart, the source of love, longs to receive My penitent and converted children. My beloved ones, strive to do good, reject evil thoughts toward your brothers and sisters. There are so many acts and works that do not allow you to properly live the Eucharistic celebration, approaching it with a Heart of Stone, without love for your neighbor, and thus not fulfilling the First Commandment. You think you can love me without considering your neighbor, whom you treat like firewood that must be burned and turned to ashes, which you mercilessly throw to the wind. This is the time you have been waiting for, but not preparing yourselves to be my own Love and to give it to your fellow human beings, ignoring the fact that without my Love you are nothing, and being nothing, you are easy prey for the devil and the demons of this generation. My beloved Mother told you in advance that evil has prepared human creatures to serve him and be responsible for the abnormal sins of this generation. Satan delights in leading my people into chaos, following the trails of demonic ideas with which humanity crosses me again and again. Evil takes pleasure in watching man suffer more and more, in order to discourage him, and thus to make him submit to convenience, even if in doing so he loses his soul. Beloved people, be ready to have your faith tested by those who control mankind and direct one religion that excludes me because it is not my Will, but a creation of the human will for the purpose of world domination. Be aware that faith will be tested in all aspects of human life, as in the path of my people, religion, education, moral formation, economy.... Enforce faith in me to persevere in the face of the obligations imposed by the world order. Man is entrapped by the global power that harms human dignity, leading people into great disorder, operating under the rule of the spawn of Satan, previously sacrificed by his own will. I await with Divine Patience the repentance of sinners, and I call on those who feel they love me to give themselves completely to me, strengthening themselves in faith, without empty words and empty hearts, but with the true and constant practice of blessings, as tireless worshipers of my real presence in the blessed sacrament. In this very difficult time for mankind, the attacks of diseases caused by erroneous science will increase, preparing mankind to voluntarily demand the mark of the beast, not only not to get sick, but to stock up on what they will soon lack materially, forgetting spirituality due to weak faith. The time of the great famine is approaching like a shadow over humanity, which is unexpectedly facing radical changes, reducing its crops due to the changing climate. My beloved people, pray - unrest will increase in great nations, including France, the United States, Italy and Switzerland. My beloved people, strong earthquakes will wreak havoc; pray for the countries for which we have asked you to pray, including Singapore and Australia. Beloved of my people, pray for the institution of my Church, it is tottering. Recognize, beloved children, that unnecessary travel will cause you to be permanent foreigners in lands that are not yours. You will continue to live with anxiety about borders that close unexpectedly. Draw near to my Mother - She will guide you along my path, 'do whatever she tells you. My children, converted and convinced, stir up the anxiety of evil, therefore persevere in the faith. Do not be afraid! I will be with you to the end. The Immaculate Heart of My Mother will triumph, and you are Her children. I am waiting for you, come to me. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 20 2021 - Mother of God.
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are my beloved children whom my Son gave to me from the Cross. You are in times of confusion, uncertainty and expectation. Who will continue on the path? My children who trust in the Will of God. My children who are certain that my Son will not abandon them and certain that this Mother will not abandon them. Each of you goes forward with confidence, because what has been announced by the Most Holy Trinity gives you the certainty that nothing happens without a prior revelation, so that you can prepare yourselves, not get lost and be able to save your souls. Without love, man cannot attain eternal life.... Without faith man builds on shifting sands.... Without hope, man breaks down in the face of the constant uncertainty of this time.... Without love for self and neighbor, man cannot move forward on the spiritual path. It is this time that has been foretold, and not another, leading you to purification. Therefore, you must grow in love of self and neighbor, you must grow in faith, in hope, in love. Children, beware of scholars whose hearts are empty, of those who know how to write, but do not know the word of God's Love. Beware of those who call themselves Christians, but despise the cross, who claim to be followers of my Son, but despise their brothers. Beware of those who like to be actors and not spectators, for the world is full of such people. Follow my Son, do not reject Him, do not forsake Him to follow those who do not believe in Him or are misinterpreters of God's Word, these my children will lead you to lose eternal life if you do not wake up now! You are receiving Divine nourishment that is prolonged in you, so I urge you to abide in the state of Grace. Fight against sin, be vigilant not to fall. Go, without grieving the Holy Spirit, call upon Him, and He will help you and give you the strength you need to remain strong and vigilant, seeing the enemy from afar, so that he will not surprise you. How many of you, children of my Heart, have taken steps on a path that does not lead you to eternal life, but which is a step directed toward evil? Be careful of your neighbors, my children, love them above yourselves, because those who love their brother or sister love themselves, and those who do not love themselves cannot love their neighbors. Keep your spiritual senses alert. This time is serious and difficult, and if you do not constantly guard your personal step, some of my children who have not stepped down from the pedestal of their human egos will lead you to be their servants rather than servants of my Son. Right now the waters are rough, but my Son accompanies you in your personal boat, so that you can row safely in the midst of the rough sea. Be prudent and pray, my Son's Church is in danger - recklessness attracts evil. Evil advances like a shadow that darkens the atmosphere of the earth, darkens those who are not fully prepared to be faithful to my Son. I have called upon you as Mother to voluntarily give up pride; I have called upon you to look within, knowing the smallness of each person, and yet I have not been heard. I will wait for you until the last breath of your life to recognize that you are sinners. Beloved children, pray at all times, pray with your heart, knowing that in prayer you will find love for your neighbor, forgiveness and devotion. Pray with the love of my Son for your brothers and sisters; pray, being creatures of goodness. Do not be impulsive, but conciliatory; do not be judges of your brothers and sisters, but be ready to help those who need it; what you define as a bad action or work when you see it in your brother is what permeates you. Beloved children of my Heart, the disease is progressing, the tentacles of the devil are advancing and exercising power over humanity, which is unaware of what it is experiencing. Pray, my children, pray, the eagle will plunge into chaos. Pray, my children, pray, France will fall prey to invaders. Pray, my children, pray, great volcanoes will spill their magma. Man will watch it as a spectacle, Heaven will groan. Pray, my children, pray, the ring of fire will shake with force from one place to another. My children, you must continue to pray and put prayer into action. Participate in the Eucharist, repent of your evil deeds and works, for the unexpected will come like the wind. I am your Mother, I will not abandon you. I am your Mother, I protect you, do not be afraid. I bless you, take refuge in my Immaculate Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 25 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, as Prince of the heavenly hosts, I am sent to announce to you that you are loved by the Most Holy Trinity and by our and your Queen and Mother of the End Times, whose image represents what the children of God should not forget at this time. As children born on the Cross, you bear the emblem of the Cross, which you must never renounce, for in it is contained the Salvation of man. This is the love of Christ, which is given to His children through the Cross, and therefore also through the Queen and Mother of the End Times. Faithful people have ceased to be so because of their rebellion against the Commandments of God's Law, their perversion and the many sins that surround man until he becomes the property of the devil and therefore acts and acts like children away from his Father. You expect to be rewarded for what you do not deserve; you want to continue to live as you lived before Satan's hordes took over people's minds and hardened their hearts. This will not be the case; whoever hopes for a better tomorrow places his hope in his individual world, not realizing how much all of humanity has been transformed. Since time immemorial, new ideologies have taken possession of mankind; it has been transformed and estranged from its King and Lord Jesus Christ in preparation for that time when, through this virus, the world elite will unmask itself - an elite that is, in fact, nothing more than a representation of the antichrist, the one who will become the tyrant, the traitor, the deceiver and the possessor of the souls of those who submit to him. Fear, yes - fear the loss of eternal Salvation! Take care to constantly become better, understand that you will emerge victorious from whatever is coming, no matter how hard it is for humanity, only at the hand of our King and Lord Jesus Christ - otherwise you will be easy prey for the antichrist himself. Therefore, I call upon the children of the Holy Trinity to resolve to save your souls, forgetting the dates that made you foolishly wait, thus wasting your continuous growth in spirit, and I call upon you to be better and better children of the Living God, the True God, strengthening your faith not only with prayer, but also with knowledge. God's people have been drinking, spending time celebrating, continuing to look on from the sidelines at what is happening at the moment, and in a moment they will experience the deep pain of having been deaf to the calls to prepare themselves spiritually, to change their lives, to renew themselves spiritually, and to prepare themselves materially as much as possible. God's plans continue. How many people will judge God for allowing human will! The cup is still being poured out, there is little left in it, and yet the disobedience of mankind continues, despite the current persistent scourge. Therefore, a greater punishment is coming for mankind. God wants His people not to forget that 'a sharp sword is coming out of His mouth to smite the nations. He will rule them with a rod of iron, and He Himself will squeeze out in the wine press the wine of the fury and wrath of God Almighty'. The cup of God's wrath will be poured out on all mankind, and how many are there who turn themselves into judges of God's wrath and reject it? It is true that in our Lord and King Jesus Christ the wrath of God has been appeased. At the same time, every person is responsible for his sins and must seek repentance, repentance, because God has done what no one can do or deserve. Come, children of God, and repent before night falls on this perverse generation. Pray at all times; prepare to face the trials you are undergoing with faith, firmness and determination. You must say 'no' to what is not of God and look further than your eyes can see. Humanity is a victim of its own ignorance, is giving itself over to the enemy, and the world order will dominate and oppress it. Pray, the earth will shake hard, in some countries from natural origins, and in others from the misuse of science and the wicked mind of man. Pray, nations will rise, human protest will be forbidden and man will be restricted to dominate. Pray especially for Mexico, the United States, Puerto Rico, Chile and Japan. Earthquakes will cause pain. As the protector of God's people, I am constantly fighting the hordes of evil, together with my angels we will guard you, if the free will of each of you allows. It is urgent that you prepare yourselves as families, where you will remain in the face of disasters, and where you will remain as communities, confident that we will not abandon any of God's creation. As captain of the heavenly hosts, with my sword raised and with the power given to me by the Holy Trinity, I share with you that I am the defender of sanctuaries, if homes are sanctuaries, I will defend them. If you ask me fervently, I will help you to know yourself internally and not to reject God's Will. I am the protector of families, I protect those who want to maintain the right balance in their families. My Love is compassionate. I am the defender of the faithful Church and I fight to make the devil go away from the Church of my Lord and my God. I bless you. Strengthen your faith. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 01 2021 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, receive my Blessing and my Love for each of you. As the air whispers, so My Heart whispers love to mine to draw them to Me. My beloved people, you are still walking in the midst of everyday life. Mankind has become accustomed to this daily life, and there are few things that force you to stop and think about their consequences. This is the result of constant innovation, so that humanity does not react to change, but on the contrary, sees everything that happens as normal. My Church is being forcefully attacked by the smoke of Satan, which is becoming more and more present in it, and my children do not discern where they are being led. This generation of innovation accepts everything that is imposed on them as yet another innovation, and in this way they are being led down the path of horror, where demonic forces come to persecute them personally. I have warned you of changes in the institution of my Church that will lead you away from my Truth, and yet you disregard my Words and the Words of my Mother. You must reason, work and act as beings of faith in the face of an increasingly imposed world order, not forgetting that faith must be put into practice so that its seeds can grow and bear the fruits of eternal life. My beloved people, I will shorten the days for the love of My Mother and Her constant requests. Do not be deceived by dates, be prepared, like virgins with lamps full of oil! Do not be deceived, you are living in a time of such tribulation as there has not been since the beginning of the world until now, nor will there be more.... Because of the constant pleas of my Mother and my chosen ones, I will shorten the time so that all my faithful will not perish. You are living in a time of war and this is strengthening, mankind is becoming afraid, but it is necessary for this to happen; the hardness of the hearts of my children must give way to the cruelty of man himself, who acts without fear. Be vigilant, the Mediterranean will make news all over the world, the powers will not wait to demonstrate their greatness. Pray my children, pray for the Middle East. Pray my children, pray for the United States, nature is scourging it, the earth will shake. Pray my children, pray, Russia will come out of passivity. My beloved people, volcanoes through their activity will pollute the waters, this precious liquid, which you do not value, will become the cause of conflicts. My beloved people, do you look at your daily life? From one moment to the next you are experiencing the unexpected, caused by the hand of scientific people and used to harm humanity. You don't see that you are being very subtly manipulated until the henchmen of evil appear before you, and the wickedness that has already been established will cause some to betray others. Pray and lift up your spirits before these things happen, otherwise few will persevere in the faith. I am not telling you about the end of the world, but about this generation in which My Word will be fulfilled. You are not unaware of these events. I am merciful and I receive you with great joy when you repent and repent. You must prepare yourselves at this time, for the days will rush by, speeding up the events. You are my children whom I love and you must grow in faith. Love your neighbor, for love among my children will disappear. Do not fear what I set before you, but rejoice, for I, the Lord, am with My people and guard you at all times. Give thanks for all that you have and be creatures of peace, fervent worshippers of My Mother and faithful to Saint Michael the Archangel and the heavenly choirs. My Love is for my children, I will not abandon you, I am attentive to each of you - be faithful, receive me, adore me. My Angel of Peace will come, this My help for My people will come, and again My people will witness My Love. I bless you, beloved children. Be those who have love, faith, hope and mercy. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 09 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, accept the Divine call with attention and urgency. Divine Love calls upon every person to take up its call with faith and love, and thus prevent evil from entering you and taking you into its service. Our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth intercedes for her children, despite the fact that they are a people immersed in worldliness, loving sin and identifying with the new and sinful regulations that the devil subtly imposes to crush you. Not everyone who says: 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the Kingdom of Heaven. How much rationality there was in the face of the Divine exhortations that were permitted for this generation! Many human beings wander around the earth, not paying attention to what God's Will is giving them so that they can prepare themselves; and there are those who read and say they believe, but in the depths of their being there are whirlpools of doubt. It would be better for those who do not believe to reject what they do not believe is good and not accept it, rather than laugh at the word. Be assured of God's help at all times; those who accept the Warnings respectfully face the 'already and not yet' of personal conversion. This time has opened the gates for what must be fulfilled to enter humanity. People of God, you are His people, remaining before Him, not allowing yourselves to be abandoned to misfortune. For this reason, you are warned to prepare yourselves. What is coming and what has come is harsh, and the strong faith and love of God present in man are necessary so that you do not feel threatened by the Father's house and His announcements, but rather forewarned out of love. Some people feel disappointed by the anticipation to which the Church is subjected; this anticipation has been cut short due to the power of evil in the world, but you forget that God does not abandon His people and allows everything that has been foretold to happen. This means godlessness, heresy, disrespect for all that God represents, sacrilege, coming persecution, pestilence, plagues, wars, famine, great earthquakes and impacts on nature. The Divine Word is being altered by those who make the churches a den of vipers and lust, those who separate the faithful from the churches and close them so that the faithful feel blind. Therefore, it is necessary to have faith and surrender without measure to our King and Lord Jesus Christ; it is necessary to be silent, so that you listen to the Holy Spirit of God who assists you. The Church, as the mystical body and sustenance of the holy remnant, will have to begin as a small church and spread again, after the persecution of the antichrist and the purification that will make you precious pearls. It is essential that we forge beings of strong faith, giving you knowledge of what is already advancing on God's people and spreading throughout the earth. Pray, people of God, the humble are despised and persecuted, the foolish are accepted because of their eloquence in their own stubbornness; fools impose themselves with an empty spirit. Pray, people of God, the winds of evil will overthrow good people, driving humanity mad, overthrowing the world economy and bringing in the wicked, offering people economic stability, one religion, one government, one currency. Pray, people of God, the antichrist is working in concert with the powers of the earth, preparing his world presentation; lack of faith will allow him to be accepted without difficulty. Pray, people of God, the moments preceding this event will subdue human beings of little faith, making them victims of the devil's wiles, disturbing their hearts, filling them with arrogance, which they will spread mercilessly. Pray, people of God, that the Yellowstone volcano will awaken. Pray, people of God, pray concerning the unforeseen and unknown events of nature that are increasing and will be inexplicable to science. Pray, people of God, pray, the news will come from the Vatican and shake the people of God. Confusion in the church is growing, God's people will lament. Human pride ignores and looks with indifference at what the elites of the world are building before the eyes of mankind to repeat the holocaust. Man lives deaf, blind and mute.... When he wakes up, time will run out, and what he has rejected will become a cause for weeping. The tragic moments caused by nature are approaching; there will be great earthquakes, and people, debased by their 'ego', have allowed their hearts to harden and be penetrated by the waters that paralyze the love of creation for God. God's mercy is calling you, waiting for you like the prodigal son; you must repent before the darkness comes - reason is telling you to repent, your Heart is calling you to soften, and your senses refuse to be used for evil. The call is one, repent! Get back on track before the devil hijacks you and leads you to work and act against God's plans. Do not be afraid, keep the faith, do not be evil, but good. People of God, do not be afraid, you are not alone. Pray to our and your Queen and Mother, do not be afraid, She is with you, in the end Her Immaculate Heart will triumph. I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 16 2021 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, receive My Blessing for this time of Lent, which is beginning. I desire that you not only remember, but live Lent, especially the one in which you are so close to the events leading you to purification. My Church must remain attentive and keep the faith, be firm, faithful and fulfill the Commandments. My Blessing helps those who receive it, in a special way during these forty days, my Holy Spirit will shed His light on those aspects of your personal life that you need to improve. This Blessing of Mine will grow in the person who is worthily prepared to receive the light of My Holy Spirit with humility, the goal is for you to prepare yourself on the spiritual path by confronting the human ego. In this way you will be able to see yourselves as you are. Humanity is in a complex diversity of ideologies that separates it from my will, under the indifferent gaze of some of my priests. This Lent should be different from the previous ones you have known, some were away or on vacation, and others without conscience chose this time to commit great heresies and sacrileges that my House abhors. The time has come when my children must come out of the bondage of ease, resentment, anger, hatred, disobedience, living as temporary beings without feelings, rejecting me, people without strong faith, and therefore people who believe in me one moment and not in another. My way is not the way of pain, but of repentance, of self-giving, of growth, of giving up saying 'I am', 'I want', 'I', 'I'... my way leads you towards my Love, my surrender, my sacrifice, my self-giving, so that My peace, solidarity, serenity and forgiveness will abound in you. Beloved people, My people, each person is unique before Me, therefore each person is a precious pearl of infinite value, therefore you should love one another as brothers and sisters, reproducing My love from which I offered Myself on the Cross. You are embarking on a very special period of Lent, special to the extent that it must not be wasted, must not be lived as before.... This Lent will be lived in purification. The enemy of the soul has managed to infiltrate all areas of humanity; he has infiltrated my Church to dissuade you from the true tradition, from the infinite mystery of my self-sacrifice for the redemption of the world. this is the strategy of evil, expressed by those who represent the antichrist, who sends you the winds of his presence on earth. He is spreading fear of fraternal encounter in this time of moving toward the culmination of the fulfillment of the mission that my Father entrusted to me for the redemption of the human race, causing my people not to leave behind the filthy rags with which they are burdened and with which they display themselves. I call upon you to abide with me, praying, fasting, bringing mercy to your brothers and sisters. I call you to repentance, which tells you to do my will and not your own. I urge you to be merciful, not with what is superfluous to you, but with what is needed, what is more fruitful. I encourage you to pray with true repentance for the misery you carry within you. I command you not to look at yourselves, but at your brothers and sisters, and see me in them. I command you to pray with tears that are born of the pain that you have offended me and that you continue to offend me. Look at yourselves, children, you are not shining stars.... You are not true witnesses to Me.... You are not true disciples of my Mother.... You have learned to crawl away and hide in order not to be seen. Doing evil is easy, doing good requires dying to self. The period of Lent is not an imposition, it is not an onerous burden, but a time in which you can straighten the crooked path on which you walk, correct the deeds and works that you think are good, which are not. Enough is enough, my people! Time is passing, and with it the purification is becoming more and more fierce, painful, incessant, so that you will strengthen your faith and so that my people, my little remnant, will be steadfast. The earth is constantly shaking, the pestilence is advancing, and the evil one welcomes it in order to take measures against those who are mine. Remember that this time has been hastened.... Let the night not surprise you, waiting for a signal to change - that signal is this Lent. Dormant volcanoes are becoming active and mankind will once again be forced to limit its movements from one place to another. My people, beloved children, I am with you, my Mother will not abandon you, my beloved Saint Michael the Archangel and the legions of heaven are waiting for you to place yourselves under their protection, and my Angel of Peace will come for the sake of my people. You are blessed by the love of the Holy Trinity, you are and will be blessed continually. My people have never been abandoned, nor will they be in the future, so I am sending my Angel of Peace to quench the hunger and thirst of those who are mine, with my Word in their mouths, in bloody times for mankind. The spirits of evil spreading through the air waste no time in leading you to perdition, above all those who are far from Me. Come to me, come to me! Invoke Saint Michael the Archangel, the legions of heaven, being witnesses of my Love and true children of my Mother. During this season of Lent, I especially desire that my people refrain from words against their brothers and sisters. I call on you to forgive and to be forgiving. You are my people, and my people must attract goodness and bring it to life in every person in my mystical body. I bless you with my Sacred Heart. Your most beloved Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 22 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, I join with your divine love. Children of the Holy Trinity, you are protected at every moment in your deeds and actions, so that you remain on the path that leads you to eternal life, without violating your free will. You should constantly examine yourselves, so that your deeds and behavior do not lead you to bear witness against the Divine Love that warns you. People of God, do not deviate to other paths, continue to fulfill the Divine Will so that you remain safe. Humanity should be in unity with the Holy Trinity, with our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, with the Commandments of the Divine Law. Mankind is easily deceived because of its lack of faith, because of the infinite number of liberal ideas, sects and ideologies that disguised as good circulate, without making God's people aware of their goal, which is to lead them astray and make them fall completely into the hands of evil. You are easy prey for those who are sent by evil to incite mankind and make it rebel in everything and against everything that is impregnated with good. They master people's minds when they are weak and unspiritual, when they fail to reason and resist the insinuations of evil. Some think they are mature in their faith, while this is not the case. Their minds lead them where they want, according to their whim, allowing insults to come out of their mouths against our King and Lord Jesus Christ, against our Queen and Nativity, and against the gift of life. People of God, you lose your composure, your reason, the axis within you that should keep you focused on God's work and action, and you immediately fall like the Pharisees, allowing all kinds of filth and insults to your neighbors to come out of your mouths. Your mask-wearers should repent now, before the light of day fades and darkness becomes the master of desolation. You have surrendered the destiny of humanity into demonic hands by supporting unnatural laws that offend the divine heart. You accept without thinking what comes to you, your normal work and way of life have been curtailed to prepare you for the public appearance of the antichrist. God's people, the elite, used to rule all of humanity behind the scenes. Now they have ceased to be a myth for the majority and are appearing before the face of all people, showing that economic power is directing humanity at will. Why do they appear before you, children of God? They are your leaders and they want their faces to be known to the majority, so that when they give orders, you will accept them. Here is the critical moment that the world's elite has been waiting for, you are there, that is why they are showing you all their plans in advance, so that you will not reject them. Therefore, as the prince of the legions of heaven, I call on you to proclaim with me: 'Father, Thine is the Kingdom, the power and the glory forever and ever. Amen. God's people must be heard praying, working and acting in God's Love so that they can defeat the enemy of the soul. Prayer that bears witness is not expressed only with the voice, but with the heart, reaching its climax in front of one's neighbor. Such work and action also weakens the devil and his followers, who have seized the main earthly authorities to spread directives contrary to the Word of God. People of God, do you expect persecution? Yes, you will be persecuted when the power of evil tests you in your faith, when it makes you feel helpless and weak.... But this will not succeed for the faithful people who are converted and who have conviction. in the Triune God, united under the protection of our and your Queen and Mother, and accepting the protection of the heavenly host and the blessed souls to whom all personal devotions turn, the people of God will stop the attacks of the devil, who wants to penetrate the minds of God's true people by manipulating their subconscious. The big interests behind earthly power know how to penetrate the human subconscious, and have already installed everything they need to do so. Great antennas, ostensibly for receiving and transmitting new technologies, are the means to penetrate the human subconscious and induce people to work and behave contrary to the Divine Will. There is an antidote to this, remaining in true faith.... To live for the good in one's work and actions.... to love God above all things, and your neighbor as yourself.... this will block the action of evil in you. If you remain in the required spiritual state, the presence of the Divine Spirit will free you from this evil. Remember the need to be 'in the required spiritual state' so that the Divine Spirit can work in you, and so that you have an antidote against such rule. This good will be shared by those who are on the path of conversion and those who walk the path of Eternal Salvation. This generation is facing domination by the elites who are taking power over everything and everyone on earth to hand over humanity to the antichrist, consolidating one religion, one government, one currency, one education system, in their quest to follow the Triune God. Do not lose faith, people of God, live without leaving the realm of divinity. Do not say: 'I will persevere to the end' - keep such words secret in your hearts. Some who call themselves faithful to God will lose their faith due to fear and ignorance of these final events. Brothers and sisters in the faith are those who give and will continue to give each other a helping hand in these times in which you find yourselves. Remain in the shelter of the Sacred Hearts of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother. Then you will be led by my legions to the sanctuaries prepared for your protection. Houses truly dedicated to the Sacred Hearts are already refuges. You will never be abandoned by the hand of God. The suffering of the earth will continue, and with it the suffering of humanity. The Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ is being shaken; conflicts will lead it to schism. Keep the faith, do not despair or be distracted; you are protected by my legions, and God's Will has given our Queen and Mother the power to defeat Satan. Do not be afraid, God's children have the assurance of Divine Protection at all times. Be careful, children of God, be careful! Nature's attacks will continue - some from nature itself, others generated by men of science who serve evil. Volcanoes will become active, and the sea will be agitated. God's people should not break down in this regard, but stand firm with faith in the protection of their Lord and God. God's people, do not be afraid, do not be afraid, do not be afraid. You are not alone, have strong faith. In God's love. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 04 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, receive the blessing that flows from my allegiance to the Most Holy Trinity. Our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth holds you under her maternal mantle. You do not remain alone, Divine Protection is at work in each of you, for which it is necessary to be in a state of Grace. Humanity is on the verge of chaos, the earth is threatened by various bodies coming from space, which affect the climate, the volcanoes, the tectonic faults of the earth, the human body and the animals. Those who lived in abundance and financial security are now experiencing the fragility of the economy and the destructiveness of the earth. You see the sun brilliantly radiating its light in the sky, like everything in creation, it is agitated and emanates magnetic storms and coronal mass ejections due to its eruptions. The sun will change and you will experience what happens when there is a change like the one at the moment. The earth's magnetic field will weaken to the point of shutting down communication and electrical networks, with a very strong volcanic eruption at the same time. Convert now! Reconcile and repent without deviating from the truth again, because everything that has been foretold to you will be fulfilled and every person will bear the brunt of the coming trials for humanity. This will be when you feel lost and abandoned, not by Divinity, nor by the Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, but by yourselves, who have not obeyed. Beings of little faith! You should remain strong on the path. Faith must keep you grounded, without doubt. Every person has a mission to fulfill on earth, and it is time for you to take it seriously. Remember that the time is coming when, due to the rush of the world's elite to keep humanity under their control, the requirements to travel from one country to another will be impossible for God's faithful children to fulfill. Do not panic, every child of God will be protected where they are. Into every shelter of the Sacred Hearts will come those people who must come; in the same way, houses dedicated to the Sacred Hearts are and will be protected if you live in them in accordance with God's Will. People of God, this is the moment to awaken your consciences and prepare for the attacks with which evil will attack all of humanity. You persist in fasting, persist in prayer, in reparation, in the interdiction of daily work and action, in perfecting yourselves. This is the time of the greatest effort on your part, God's creatures. The ark has been built, I have called man anew to enter in faith and abide in supplication. The ark of active prayer, action and love of neighbor, the certainty of faith, is the right way you should prepare, so as not to fall into paralysis in the face of the impending schism. People of God, do not say: 'it's a beautiful day' because you see the sun shining; don't say: 'it's cloudy' because you don't see the sun shining. The sun will be obscured by the great volcanic eruption. Prepare yourselves and forget that you will be examined by the Act of Divine Mercy, which is the Great Warning. then you will come to enjoy Heaven, sooner, later.... beloved people of God, do not be afraid, do not be afraid! You are in the hand of our God, the One and Triune. Do not be afraid, we protect each of you individually. in God, the One and Triune. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 14 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive my maternal blessing.... It pains me to see how you are distancing yourselves from my Son at a time when a great part of humanity does not feel the need for Him, and therefore you will rush to meet and accept the antichrist and his falsehood, if you do not awaken from your spiritual lethargy. You live in a great pit, where you are told how to work and operate.... Without wanting it, you are in bondage to the elites; you are in domestic concentration camps that make you insecure, reduce your ability to think and reason.... Lukewarm in faith - they are temporarily closing churches, which will later be closed definitively, and you children consider this normal in the context of what humanity is experiencing at the moment. Children, faithful people of my Son, you are living in all kinds of warfare, you don't see weapons like those used in wars, but the war is unfolding before your eyes. Temporary restrictions are being imposed on you to travel from one country to another, preparing you for the coming of the 'microchip', without which you will not be able to buy or sell, or leave your home, or receive medical treatment; you will not be able to move from one place to another if you refuse to be labeled. Therefore, it is imperative that you draw near to my Son, get to know Him, love Him, be faithful to Him and live His Love, so that, strengthened, you can move forward in the midst of spiritual warfare and global power. Communism is advancing, it has not disappeared, it is alive and moving towards its goal, and my children will suffer. Pray, my children, pray, pray, because the Balkans will become a message to humanity. Pray, my children, pray, for without an economy, Europe will fall prey to invaders dressed in red. Pray, my children, approach my Son without delay, conversion is urgent so that you will be worthy of Divine Protection. Pray, my children, examine yourselves inwardly, the Warning is approaching. Pray, my children, pray for America, she will be scourged. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico, it will be shaken. You see the Cross as suffering, my Son has given you the Cross of victory, yet you reject it in favor of worldly idols that offer you distraction. And eternal life? You will lose it because of a moment of madness. Repent, it is urgent that my children repent, so that whatever happens will find them strengthened in faith, in love for my Son. Attention, children! For various diseases, by God's Will I mentioned the use of pine. The Father's house does not abandon its children, anticipating and protecting them in advance. Maintain love for your neighbor; do not lose inner peace. The enemy of the soul, the devil, fights against the people of my Son - he insists on your conceit, incites you to aggression, to imposition, to impertinence, feeds your 'ego' to the depths, so that you are a hindrance to your brothers and sisters. Children, love one another, be peacemakers, remember that you must remain united with God's Will. Pray, prayer is the means to meet my Son, receive the sacraments, be worshippers of my Son wherever you are - true worshippers, bearing witness to the Holy Spirit who dwells in each of you. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I protect you, remain united with Divine love. Come to my Heart, in it you will be safe. Do not be afraid. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 24 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, since you are children in need of God's help, I am sent to you to warn you and call you to urgent conversion. People have hardened their hearts, they enjoy sacrileges, heresies, crimes, insults, abominations and other sins with which they seriously offend the Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth. Devoted to worldly pleasures, they will easily fall prey to the new changes in the Church of Christ, lying outside the true doctrine, behind which lies the devil's perversity, giving rise to divisions among the brethren. God's law is already being superseded by very human concepts, tailored to groups with roots in the elites who run the world, and whose goal is to bring about schism in the church. Man, distanced from God's Love and from the love of our Queen and Mother, is defenseless against the arrows of evil tempting him to bring about his downfall. Those who are lukewarm will not be able to distinguish between good and evil in the coming crises of faith. Therefore, it is urgent to intercede for one another in prayer, not falling into despair that paralyzes, but on the contrary, keeping peace, so that your supplications will be a balm for those who need conversion. Humanity does not listen and see; it does not fear what it is experiencing at the moment, nor what is to come, without treating it with due seriousness. The future is uncertain for you; although mankind sets aside its relationship with our King and Lord Jesus Christ without being frightened by it, what scares mankind is the collapse of the economy, and it will collapse.... Poor beings without faith will feel as if they are losing their lives! Food will start to become scarce in a way humanity has never known before; lukewarm faith will increase fear and uncertainty. Mankind lives by what brings immediate prosperity; because it does not know God, it cannot recognize Him. Because man does not think and consider the causes and consequences of his actions, he forgets that if God's people are faithful and truthful, they will receive manna from Heaven for sustenance. Our Queen and Mother will not abandon you and continues to care for the people of her Son. Pray, children of Christ the King, a new plague will come, bringing with it pain and fear; young people will not pay attention and make amends - they will be the first to suffer. Pray, children of Christ the King. Oh, humanity! Waiting for a return to the old normalcy is very much out of step with the reality to come. Pray, children of Christ the King, this fast should be for the sake of souls, repent of your sins - do not wait any longer. Do not forget my words, as you forget everything you promise; individual spiritual transformation must include an awareness of what it means to save the soul. It is a continuous, conscious spiritual work in which you must use your senses, memory, understanding and will, united with reason and faith. Do not follow like robots what is presented to you as good, without reflecting on the fact that good comes from God and is generated by God's love, while evil is generated by the devil. You find yourselves in other people's hands, which are not the hands of the Holy Trinity.... You are in the wicked hands of the power of evil, which is preparing everything for the appearance of the antichrist.... Think, children of God, that the Mother of our King and Lord Jesus Christ was faithful to her son, and her son never left her in that mystical union in which they lived for all time. Do not panic about those who are distant from God's Love and maternal love, find peace, and then with faith plead for the conversion of your loved ones and all of humanity; by being active, you remain in the Trinity, with works for the benefit of your neighbors. Intercession is action, work in favor of your neighbor. This Church of our Lord and King Jesus Christ must desire and find rest, producing greater faith by helping others. God is not static, God is a movement of love, he is the generator of hope and love. Man must duplicate the Divine Attributes in order not to be indifferent to his Creator; God is life and life in abundance, yet so many living human beings seem dead.... Forward, people of God! You are not alone; you are the mystical body of Christ and children of the Mother of God and our Mother.... You are not alone; be those who give birth to peace - be assured of God's love for you. Do not be afraid! The Immaculate Heart of our Queen and Mother will triumph and all will be well and for the good of mankind. Beloved people of God, I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 28 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, as we begin Holy Week, my maternal Heart desires to remain active in each of you, my children. Let us begin this commemoration of the self-sacrifice of my Divine Son with the knowledge that the Most Holy Trinity has allowed you to possess through these invocations. The Passion of my Son Jesus Christ is hidden not only in this Holy Week, but every day, every week, every month, every year.... It is present in the life of man, in all his actions and works, in the sufferings and joys of all his brothers and sisters. My Son is passing before you, and you do not recognize Him, like the disciples on the road to Emmaus. You need to focus on knowing my Son, you need calmness in your work and actions, so that the Holy Spirit of God will enlighten and inspire you, so that you will not be hasty in your actions, so that you will not be drawn away from my Son by them. Temptations are stronger now than at other times in human history, and the struggle against spiritual and in some cases physical instances of evil is palpable, this you cannot deny. Human beings are slow to recognize my Son, because they do not reason, but behave out of passivity, by imitation or out of submission. In this way you will not attain eternal life, you must focus on spiritual life and not on external things that are temporary. Enough of half-hearted commitments, promises you don't fulfill, of being like a river after a storm, carrying mud and dirt with it, with no opportunity to cleanse your souls! Purity of heart is urgent, this is a time of conscious repentance in truth, a time to ask for forgiveness, make reparation and continue to be led by the hand of my Son. Your intentionality is very necessary, the intentional development of your actions or deeds is decisive on the path of Salvation; right and healthy intention is profitable and causes the blossoming in each of you of what was previously hidden, leading you towards goodness. My Son's Church is changing .... Will it become a Motherless Church? Children, live within the true magisterium of My Son's Church. Do not succumb to easy rules that do not require sacrifice, repentance, surrender, prayer, unity, witness, fasting, love of neighbor and, above all, worship of the Holy Trinity. Participating in innovations will lead you to perdition, ignorance and dependence in work and behavior. It will cause you to succumb to your values and good habits, to agree to norms that are not God's will. As a Mother, I encourage you to live each day for the purpose of improvement, to put your spiritual life in order, to find in the Cross of my Son true peace, true love, abundant goodness, an antidote to impatience, intolerance, aggressiveness, domination, misunderstanding and authoritarianism. These and other vices take root in a person until he is unable to recognize them. This is the time to free yourself from human obstacles and surrender to my Son. How little you understand and how slow your hearts are to believe all that the prophets foretell! Pray, my children, pray for peace for the world. Pray, my children, pray, receive my Son in the Eucharist. Pray, my children, pray, look at the Cross, ponder it and unite yourselves with it. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not fear what is to come, do not be afraid, fear paralyzes. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 02 2021 - Madre de Dios
Dear children of my Immaculate Heart, I offer you my maternal hands to guide you to my Son. My Son, delivered into the hands of those who despised Him, beat Him, scourged Him, like a docile lamb, was led from place to place before those who called themselves 'doctors of the law,' feeling threatened by the truth from on high..... At this time, when so many are denying my Son, although they know Him, history is repeating itself. This generation, more than the previous generation, is repeating this betrayal. At this time, great confusion is created, people do not know what the truth is, they do not know which way to go, because they do not know my Son. They have given themselves to a life of half-heartedness, without deepening, without reasoning.... Unfortunately, the vast majority are Christians only by tradition. This scourges my Son, crowning Him with thorns because of my children's lack of knowledge of God's work and action. Therefore, my Son's people are led like docile lambs in the face of any events; they have no discernment, they do not delve into events. They believe that they love my Son, and yet in an instant everything disappears like the waves of the sea, because they do not love my Son in spirit and in truth.... They do not look beyond what their eyes see.... They do not gain knowledge.... Finally, they are people living in false religiosity. This wounds the Most Sacred Heart of my Son. They do not love Him in spirit and in truth. Being lukewarm people, they do not discern and are easily confused, even knowing how evil is spreading, wanting to embrace all mankind and do harm to your bodies. I ask you, and when will the seal of the beast be offered as a means to travel the earth? ...Who will be faithful to my Son? Will my Son find the faithful on earth? Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, during His agonal farewell, the face of my Son shows the pain He is about to face, the pain of betrayal, the pain of human wrath. This sad reality is repeated throughout the history of Salvation. It was God-Man who instituted the ordination of priests.... God-Man sacrifices Himself before leaving to fulfill the Father's will, even if He is betrayed.... Out of love He feeds you with His Body and Blood, knowing that ideas and modernism will separate you from this divine food. O humanity that does not see, does not feel, does not comprehend the wickedness of the one in your midst to usurp what belongs to my Son! The sacrifice of my Son for all will be transformed into a religion for all, a religion without the food of the Eucharist, without the Mother, without the Commandments. There will be one religion, one law, one order. Who will be able to buy and sell? Those who will submit to the seal of the antichrist, but will lose their souls. Pray, my children, for a quick conversion. Pray, my children, that the people will come to the knowledge of the truth. I remain with the people of my Son. Go towards my Son, go against the flow of the world, save your souls! Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 06 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, I bless you with my faithfulness to the Most Holy Trinity. Children of the Most High, I come to call you to conversion. Conversion is a personal matter.... The decision is personal... The will to abandon acts contrary to the good of the soul is personal.... Attitude and disposition are personal.... The willpower to cut off negative thoughts, laziness, fatigue, routine, as well as the willpower to obey, is personal.... At the same time, within the framework of personal decisions is the desire to go with faith and confidence, transforming them into an opportunity to offer daily thorns with love, transforming them into an opportunity to diminish personal sins and come closer to meeting our Lord and King Jesus Christ. It is not concern for yourself, but for the welfare of your neighbor that leads you more quickly to the path of conversion; loving those who do not love you, who do not understand you, benefits you personally. You have not been called to live out your faith in isolation, but to share it with your brothers and sisters, being a witness to God's Love, a witness to brotherhood, seeking the common good, being those who, under the protection of our Lord and King Jesus Christ, bring personal faith to the community and make the path of their brothers and sisters more bearable, while conveying the desire for all to come to conversion. At this time, seeking conversion is a necessity. It is a necessity, just as water or food is for the physical body, so conversion is for the spiritual body. As human beings, you should seriously analyze, deepen and realize the truth that is currently hidden from you, and the reality in which you find yourselves, so that you can objectively prepare for the onslaught of evil. You have already been warned of what is to come, but still you do not react according to the urgency of the moment. The great powers are heading to participate in a confrontation that will end in a third world war, which is why personal peace is so necessary so that you can make a difference, being people who are bearers of Divine love. Coastal areas will suffer because of the rise of water on land. The earth will shake. All of creation will recognize the fulfillment of what has been prophesied and what God's children have rejected. God's people, stay in column on the march, forming a strong, impenetrable wall, trusting in the Most Holy Trinity and in motherly protection. Evil does not wait, while God's people tirelessly seek excuses not to fulfill what Heaven demands of them. Look objectively at the current reality. Where will humanity continue in servitude? Pray, pray for Argentina, the people are in danger. Pray, pray for Brazil, it will suffer severely. Pray for the United States, Italy and Russia, they will suffer greatly. As God's people, stay within the true magisterium of the church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Pay attention to the reaction of nature throughout the earth. Confusion is growing; keep your faith strong - strengthen it constantly, don't be passive, don't be confused as the rest of humanity is confused. Be on constant alert. Do not let them seal you with a microchip, it will be imposed on humanity. Remember that you will have to be strong and firm in faith to refuse to get what you need and to save your souls. Be beings of goodness. I bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 12 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. My Immaculate Heart desires to keep you within myself, protect.... you must look at yourselves, you must examine yourselves, so that you will realize that conversion is what will keep you in the faith. Looking at yourselves, without hiding, being transparent with yourselves, will lead you to live in 'spirit and truth', more attached to the divine and more removed from the worldly. Beloved children, you live in these perilous times, where evil spreads its poison, with the poison not causing immediate death, but slow death. The suffering of God's people brings joy to evil, and therefore, children, you must prepare yourselves so that you do not fall at the moment of temptation. You are immediately silenced, because the worldly power does not accept criticism or that the truth reaches you. Pay attention to the language with which all governments address the nations, thus, through this uniformity, those who are faithful to my Son will suffer. Do not fear, my Son will not abandon you, the angelic choirs will help you, and this Mother will intercede for you. Work and act in accordance with the true magisterium of the Church, so that you do not stray from Eternal Salvation by working and acting outside of God's will. Pray, meditate and maintain inner silence, it is necessary for you to move away from the deafening noise of daily life. You should strive to learn inner silence, it is urgent that you see clearly, think correctly and act with prudence. The sea of human will is agitated by evil and the people of my Son must be prudent. Raise the banner of fidelity to the Holy Trinity, raise your personal faith and participate in the community faith, so that, united in my Son, you can protect one another. The struggle is intensifying, evil wants the good to disappear and therefore is wreaking havoc in the nation of my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray for Central America, it will be strongly shaken. Pray, pray, the economy will collapse and the peoples will rise up against the rulers. Pray, pray, volcanoes become active and will block sunlight on the earth. Pray, pray, the Church of my Son will come into conflict. These are hard times for the people of my Son; it is in these moments that the good child of this Mother is a good disciple and does not separate himself from the Cross of Glory. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, it is imperative that you strengthen your immune system; the plague is advancing mercilessly. Use Mugwort as an infusion during this time. I bless you with my Immaculate Heart. I am with you, you are not alone. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 18 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I call upon you to be faithful to the Holy Trinity and to our Queen and Mother. Man must be a bearer of goodness, which is a spiritual vessel of 'generosity' and 'graciousness,' so that people will receive God's favor if obedience comes first. Go hand in hand with kindness. Don't forget this great virtue, the fruit of the Holy Spirit, which transforms man, prompting him to act and work with kindness. Humanity is between two forces, the force of good and the force of evil. Therefore, you must stand firm in faith, without hesitation, before evil puts you to the test, because evil has succeeded in causing division among God's people, in families, among brothers and sisters in the community, among the shepherds of God's flock, and is causing serious and irreversible chasms to open up in humanity. The rebellion against God's children began long ago. It has been developing stealthily, so now they have set out to reap the harvest of this generation, in which tares abound. I see little wheat, but the greater part of this little wheat has been born under the protection of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and through the obedience of our Queen and Mother. These are the people who are faithful to God - those who have the strength of those who, being united, sacrifice everything that befalls them out of love for the Holy Trinity and for the Salvation of souls. Believers know that they must be like good leaven, and when even one person from this people does a good work, this good work embraces everyone and includes all the people of the world. What do you lack, children of the Most High? Trust God to find it! Faith leads you to the knowledge of God, but knowledge without trust is dead. Faith without trust in God is empty. You care about preparing physical shelters without first deciding to change your life. You are not converted, yet you want to go to a shelter to protect yourself, where is your faith? No, children of God, you will not be able to protect yourself in a shelter without conversion, even if you do it at the last minute. You must grow internally. I see that you are still the same arrogant interpreters of God's Law, hypocrites! You think you know everything, and yet, when you open your mouth, a disgusting 'ego' flows out of it. You are weakened by human feelings, not taking into account that you are not eternal. You live boastfully, and so many are wolves in sheep's clothing! You do not soften your hearts, the stone of pride and human stupidity weighs more heavily on most of you. Thinking only about yourselves, about what concerns you personally, leads you to fall into the abyss of ego, from which you will not come out unless you put your brothers and sisters before yourselves. Pray, children of God, pray, what has been foretold is being fulfilled, and what you think is far away is closer than you think. Humanity has stopped believing in God, it believes it does not need God.... Poor, spiritually illiterate beings who, because of arrogance and belief in what is worldly and not divine, are moving away from Salvation! Great powers are competing and preparing to bring about the fulfillment of the revelations. Do not forget that when humanity is in chaos, the evil one will appear - the one you must drive out of the life of each of you, and for this you must be converted, convinced and strengthened in faith. Pray, pray, that your brothers and sisters who are far from the Blessed Trinity will come closer, convert and repent. Pray, pray for the Church of Christ, which will make a surprising ruling. Pray, volcanoes will cause tragedies on earth. Beloved of the Blessed Trinity, we, the legions of heaven, are ready to come to the aid of those who ask for it. Do not break down, do not surrender into the hands of those who manipulate humanity, persevere and maintain inner peace. Keep peace, serenity, prudence, be kind to yourselves and to your brothers and sisters. In the Holy Trinity and for the Holy Trinity 'all honor and glory. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 27 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, I bless you, I protect you in the name of the Most Holy Trinity. Be merciful, be love, as our King and Lord Jesus Christ is Love and Mercy. You live in times of spiritual uncertainty, which are very dangerous for the children of the Woman clothed with the sun and with the moon under her feet. The ancient serpent, the devil or Satan, pursues you relentlessly and attacks you, provoking the loss of faith and the exaltation of your human ego. The children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ are being persecuted by the devil. Without recognizing it, people remain very dissatisfied, exalted in their human egos, sick with their own resentments, which keep you in constant spiritual agony because of the insecurities and imaginary discontents you are in - the fruits of the devil's poison to keep you away from our King and Lord Jesus Christ. The forces of evil have muzzled you so that you are afraid to proclaim that you are God's property before a society that is immersed in its madness and indifference at this decisive moment you are in, the moment before the Warning. Daily life makes you forget that you are sent to testify that you belong to our King and Lord Jesus Christ and to our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, causing you to violate your harmony with Divine love. Clarity of thought is very important, and having a Heart attentive to Divine matters is essential so that you do not take wrong paths. These are times when you have to struggle with yourselves and dominate the human ego, which tells you to go in the opposite direction to the one you were called to. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, events are approaching that will set a trap for the church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, and their goal is to confuse you spiritually in order to take you as spoils of war. The church is divided between those who are faithful to the magisterium of the church and those who present a false God, completely modernized and one that allows sin. This time is a time of severe spiritual warfare, yet the vast majority do not see this, because they are not spiritualized, they are waiting for the near future to return to normalcy.... Oh, you crazy and mindless creatures! You will no longer return to life as before, events have been unleashed and are attacking all of humanity. Time is pressing, diseases surround man and become more and more dangerous. You are in a swamp, and only those who are aware of belonging to God and being His will come out of the swamp. Every day brings its trials and your faithfulness to God is constantly tested. Each day could be the last in your life. Viruses are multiplying and becoming more aggressive, and death is constantly lurking over life. Do not harbor resentment, be forgiving, do not be anguished and do not reject hope. Be transformed, change, convert, be different, be love. The creators of so much evil rejoice in the decline of the world's population, scaring people into then agreeing to the mark of the beast. It is urgent that you pray for each other and for all people. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ has redeemed you from sin, but you must strive for eternal life. The economy will collapse, and the madness of man will be present throughout the world in the face of famine. Get ready! God's people are strengthened in Divine Love, do not be afraid. I defend you in the battle, I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 03 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Receive the blessing of the Father's House. You are creatures showered with God's Mercy, which will not abandon you. You are moving swiftly toward an encounter with what so many of you have been expecting for years. Ask the Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother for help, for constant assistance, so that you will not desert at the last moment. Defend yourselves spiritually, so that the temptation of the apparent cessation of the pandemic will not make you victims of the evil actions of those who want to exterminate part of the world's population. This has already been announced! .... Events will not give respite, and countries will not be able to help each other quickly. Stay vigilant. The stench of the earth rises to the bosom of the Holy Trinity, angelic choirs raise their voices: 'Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God of Hosts.' Human beings have turned away from their duties as children of our Lord and King Jesus Christ. Indifference and disrespect towards our Queen and Mother are the gravest sin of this generation, upon which falls its own contempt for the Will of God. The implementation of Satan's plans of annihilation will not last long. The war you have been quietly living through has become overt with this plague, and the use of weapons is approaching for this generation, because of the arrogance of those who want to mediate using their power. The invasion of diseases on food plantations is coming, and with it the specter of famine will appear over the land. Do not forget to prepare the blessed grapes, I warn you that faith is needed. People of God, I encourage you to pray for Chile and Bolivia, they will make news. People of God, pray, pray for Puerto Rico and Central America, they will shake. People of God, there is confusion in the Church of Christ, the institution continues to wobble. People of God, pray for India and don't forget to pray for Argentina, danger lurks. People of God, pray for Italy, they will experience terrorism. People of our Lord and King Jesus Christ, chaos comes through sickness of body and spirit; you have forgotten the leaven of life - love. Examine yourselves, urgently each of you should look deep into yourselves, this is not a game, because in this way you decide between conversion, Salvation, and further self-deception and loss of soul. Be honest with yourself. At this moment you cannot be the same spiritually irresponsible people as yesterday, it is urgent that you engage in inner change now! The aging earth will shake hard, as if it wants to keep from collapsing. The great cities that have been a refuge for the unbridled free will of human creation will be shaken strongly. Don't tire of waiting, prepare yourselves, because the hard work of the soul, the suffering and privations accompanying the collapse of the world economy, will lead this generation to complete purification. Dedicate a special month to our Queen and Mother. During this month, bestow upon the Mother of our King and Lord Jesus Christ the love she deserves. Pray and put prayer into action. Our Mother intercedes for you, dedicate this month in a special way and be constant for the rest of your life. May the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar be forever adored in Heaven and on Earth. I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 12 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, as captain of the heavenly hosts, on the day you remember our Queen and Mother under the title of 'Our Lady of the Rosary of Fatima,' I call upon you to immediate conversion. It is urgent that the people of God realize at this moment that the history of mankind is converging, and that they decide to surrender to the Will of God by consecrating themselves to the Immaculate Heart of our Queen and Mother. Conversion must take place now! For this, it is necessary that you recognize that you are a sinner and confess the sins you have committed, having also a strong intention of reparation. You are invited to participate in the Heavenly Feast and to be creatures of faith, hope and love on earth. Humanity has felt the touch of misused science, which renders you powerless against the scourge of this disease. Those who do not love the Holy Trinity or our Queen and Mother continue to refuse to convert at a crucial moment when the future of this generation is already clearly visible. Together with our Queen and Mother, I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 12 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be obedient and convert. Be lovers of my Son present in the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar. It is urgent that you consecrate yourselves to my Immaculate Heart and respectfully refer to the Holy Scriptures and the true magisterium of the Church. Do not waver, do not get lost in false currents that separate you from the truth proclaimed by my Son. Pray for the Church of my Son, be souls of reparation before the Throne of the Holy Trinity. Keep your hearts in my Immaculate Heart, which is a shield against evil. Be souls of reparation before the Sacred Hearts, thus strengthening yourselves spiritually in the face of the demands that stand and will stand in the future. Hold in your hands an abundant harvest for the good of your brothers and sisters, first converting yourselves, so that the fruits you share with your brothers and sisters will be the fruits of eternal life, not of tainted human egos. Children, conversion is urgent because of the imminent fulfillment of what I announced to you. I remain with you, do not be afraid - I am your Mother, my Son has entrusted you to me. I will not abandon you, come to me quickly. In the end, my Immaculate Heart will triumph. I bless you with my maternal love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 22 2021 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, out of love I gave myself for you on the Cross to redeem you from sin. You are My people, whom I entrusted to My Mother, whom you should love. My children have lost their common sense, indulging in constant sins with which they gravely offend My Heart, using the gift of the Word to reject Me and accept the precepts of evil as instructions for life. They remain blinded, spiritually blind leading the blind, thus walking towards the abyss. You are living in an intense, decisive and crucial time for humanity, a time that human beings have not experienced in human history. You are at a point where some say they know me, but do not fulfill my Commandments. Others say they know me, but live by killing their brothers and sisters with the sword of the Word. Others say they know Me, without knowing My Word in the Scriptures. Others say they know me, but receive me in mortal sin, constantly crucifying me by receiving me in this state. So many are constantly crucifying Me! So many desecrate my Body and Blood! So many in my Church deeply wound me by belonging to various evil organizations! I am crucified by a large part of humanity without any scruples. I warned about this and it has become a reality. I am being deprived of what is mine in order to hand it over to the son of perdition. They are invading my mystical body, trampling it, imposing themselves, establishing great heresies and sacrileges in broad daylight, without hiding under the cover of darkness, as they used to do - those who, calling themselves my servants, have already come out of their lairs, revealing their grave sin that was hidden. My people, I desire that my people be doers of my Will, not accepting false doctrines or false guidance, by which my Will is betrayed and my Word perverted. This is the time when the son of perdition is working through his vassals to avoid being seen. He knows that mankind is approaching the Warning and that in the face of the trials it faces and those it will soon face, it is permeable to sin, and he is tempting mankind to cause you to forget Me. My people must be careful, the vultures that were circling are now attacking to injure, divide or kill you. Do not neglect personal prayer or the practice of corporal and spiritual works of mercy, without which prayer is incomplete. Act, my children! My Word must be made known by all my children now, without wasting time. The wolves have stripped off their sheep's skin and are attacking without any disguise; only a few still remain disguised as lambs, and they are wolves. These will suffer severely during the Warning. The son of perdition exercises power on earth through his elite, waiting to appear before my people, even if my people do not want it. He will invade the minds of all through his global presentation at the same time throughout the earth. My children, diseases are progressing, famine will come sooner than you think, the reduction of the world's population has begun with the current diseases, and they will continue this demonic plan. You must convert now, before the next event comes, without my children deciding to make real changes. You cannot continue to be the same people who walk around dressed in rags. Entrust yourselves to me out of love, stop thinking you are free of mistakes when you keep churning them out. Get ready, get ready, get ready! Pray for the United States, because it will experience a great earthquake. Pray for Bolivia, it will be shaken. The rebellious nation of Argentina will be shaken. Pray for Japan, it will be shaken. Pray for Central America, it will suffer from the upheaval of its land. Pray, the volcanoes are still awakening. My children do not obey Me, they continue their confusion and will receive the fruits of disobedience to My House. My Mother and my beloved Saint Michael the Archangel have provided you with medicine to fight the present diseases and those yet to come. Bless the food you put in your mouth. Contamination of the fruits of the earth is harmful to the human body. My people, pay attention! Danger lurks, do not waste time. Make haste! Conversion is urgent, it is important for you to be attentive to the events in my Church. Do not be afraid, my people, be faithful to my House and my Mother, do not be afraid. Seal your homes and be faithful. I bless all who will accept this appeal with respect and attention. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 27 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
I come to the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ to warn you. I come with my sword raised high, united with my heavenly legions to protect mankind. This generation must change its deeds and conduct, must enter into friendship with Christ, must know and acknowledge Him, not according to human whim, but according to the Will of God, so that the evil one will not deceive you with his cunning. Unite with Christ, unite with our Queen and Mother, it is urgent that you fulfill this request. Don't put it off, don't forget about it, help each other, live in Christ, breathe Christ, feed Christ - you can't wait any longer. The one who holds back the 'mystery of iniquity' will cease to be an obstacle. The Church of Christ will be ravaged, and humanity will suffer indescribably. The power of the beast will dwell in some of the present sanctuaries; sacrilege will be total, God's children will return to the catacombs; desolation will come to the center of Christianity, images will be turned into idols, and the Body and Blood of our Lord Jesus Christ will be hidden. You do not understand that this is not the end of the world, but that this generation is being purified. Evil is uprooting God's children from the right path, this is its main goal - to increase its loot of souls. These are intense times, faith is constantly being tested, each person must use discernment for the Salvation of his soul, not discernment coming from his ego, but asking for help from the Holy Spirit. Pay attention, the enemy is setting a trap for you. Pray for Ecuador and Guatemala, they will suffer because of their volcanoes. Pray for Mexico, California, Italy, they will be shaken. Pray for India, that nation is suffering. Pray for France, instability is coming. Pray for Argentina, chaos will prevail. The hard work of God's people is needed at this time. You should organize a global day of prayer for June 15. I bless you; don't be afraid, be one. Take action, do not be afraid, convert. In the unity of the Sacred Hearts, Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 05 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, I bless you. Children of God, One and Three, I call you to unity! Unity and brotherly love are a hindrance to the human race because of disobedience, as people continue to put their human egos above obedience, which means their lives are full of dissatisfaction. At this time, the human race has bound itself to the misery of satisfying its own ego. The great and constant mistake of God's people has been and continues to be the surrender of human reasoning, which, while considering itself perfect, does not allow itself to be enlightened by the grace of the Holy Spirit, reaching to the depths of the most mortal and miserable imperfection that man can encounter. People of God, you walk in the wilderness of the human ego, constantly struggling between vices that you are unable to eradicate and the call to humility that few submit to. Pride is not a good counselor; legions of evil are inflaming humanity to inject the poison of disunity wherever they are allowed. Now is the time to do it! ... And it is progressing unnoticed. It is necessary for humanity to maintain spiritual peace. The Sacred Hearts are bleeding because of so many souls who give in to evil, without realizing it, because of their habitual and erroneous daily behavior. People of God, this time is not like previous times.... This time is decisive, it is a time to raise faith to the heights, above ourselves. The presence of the devil reigns on earth, constantly spreading pain. Mankind goes from suffering to suffering and will continue to do so until it kneels down and submits to the teachings of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. The earth, tainted by sin, is being purified. The whole earth is being purified. Pray, people of God, pray for Hungary; it will suffer severely. Pray, people of God, pray for Indonesia; it will bring purification for humanity. Pray, people of God, pray; confusion will lead to confrontation. This is not a time for entertainment, this is a time for contemplation. Not all is pain and sorrow. Peace will come later, you will experience Heaven in advance. Strengthen yourselves in faith, persist in constant conversion. Be messengers of peace. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 12 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, I bless you in the name of the Most Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother. This people of God must remain under the protection of the Most Sacred Heart of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. To achieve such a great goal, the authenticity of humanity is necessary, not the hypocrisy of whitewashed heathens. Few human beings examine themselves truly, recognizing their flaws.... Few undertake the path of true conversion.... Hypocrites abound among God's people.... Authentic conversion is a matter of urgency that human beings refuse to do when they consider themselves 'gods' of non-existent virtues and gifts, puffed up by the falsity of their human egos. Personal deeds and behavior are the thermometer that, without hiding, shouts loudly to you about the true inner life that has been infected by the spiritual blindness covering the earth. My heavenly legions are constantly watching over those human beings who refuse to see themselves in truth and take responsibility for their faults.... These children of God should take a pause in their journey; otherwise they will end up delivering their brothers and sisters into the hands of the antichrist. People of God, reject the desire for revenge that you hold in your minds, the resentment and jealousy in your thinking and the hatred in your hearts. People of God, do not look only at the good in which you believe you are working and behaving, that is arrogance and pride. This is how ungrateful servants behave, they do not know the King and Lord of Heaven and Earth, because of the gangrene that their souls have been infected with. For this reason, the elements will cleanse mankind, and the human race, oppressed by its own evil, will see itself from within, thanks to the great mercy of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. People of God, the devil is not an invention, he exists, he deprives you of peace, he leads you to fight among yourselves and rejoices in it. O foolish creatures, you make the devil rejoice! Beloved people of God, diseases will continue to drag humanity towards more and more suffering. The elites are undermining your health, death is rushing in, the earth is unstable, earthquakes are coming fast. Be vigilant, humanity - vigilant! I have called upon the people of God to pray that each person ask for discernment regarding his personal deeds and behavior, considering the nearness of the Warning and the urgent need to save your souls. Ask the Holy Spirit for the strength needed to abide in the faith, given the grave and imminent events that will affect the earth, and therefore humanity. Give thanks to God, the One and Triune, protector of the innocent. Without panic or despair, God's people are faithful to God, going where God has called them, trusting in Divine Protection and Divine Provision. My legions guard you, so that you will not be shaken. Be vigilant, humanity! Be vigilant, the converted! Do not be afraid, I am sent by the Most Holy Trinity to protect you for the glory of God and the Salvation of souls. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 18 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of our Lord and King Jesus Christ, to those who have lovingly and obediently accepted the prayer to which I have called you, my legions will guard you against evil and incoming assaults. Especially my legions will guard those for whose conversion you pray. People of God, you must stand firm in the faith, strong and converted for the glory of God and the Salvation of souls. 'At the name of Jesus let every knee bend, in Heaven and on Earth, and among the dead, and let every tongue proclaim that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 18 2021 - Jesus Christ
My people, My beloved people, receive My peace, so needed by all mankind. You are still like sheep without a shepherd.... You pass by without listening to My voice, you do not recognize Me, and those who recognize Me do not listen to Me. So few are those who love me and obey me! I call you to urgent conversion! Evil is relentlessly persecuting you, wanting to harm My children and destroy them, so you must be love, as I am Love. Evil has seriously poisoned My people, poisoning your minds, your thinking, your words and your hearts, so that your works and deeds are harmful. Therefore, I purify you and allow you to be purified. My children, however, persist without being transformed into new people, continuing to forget that the wheat grows with the tares and will continue to do so. Go forward carefully. My law will be declared null and void, and my Church will accept the calls of demons, rejecting me. How much suffering awaits you! Among my people, a small number of people are constantly asking me that the Warning will come soon, and it will, so I am constantly purifying you and hurrying to form you. There are so many among those who call themselves my children, who, despite knowing when the signs and signals tell them of the coming of all that they have waited so long for, continue to deny my plans.... The signs and signals that I allow for you to convert are rejected by heretics who want my faithful to be condemned. My people, my faithful St. Michael the Archangel called you to a world day of prayer, bearing in mind the immediate need for the conversion of my children. This call was answered by a nation that loves its Lord and God. The dedication of a great number of my children to this call makes my Mercy overflow to all human beings. May the thirst of the thirsty be quenched, the hungry be fed, the spiritually afflicted be healed of their suffering, those who have not converted feel the call, and the afflicted find peace. I offer myself, the answer depends on each of you. This is my response to draw the attention of my people to the call of my beloved Saint Michael the Archangel. My heavenly legions await the call of my people, especially at this time, to protect them always. Abide in unity with the true magisterium of my Church. Pray my children, pray that my children will be satisfied with this time of spiritual milk and honey. Pray my children, pray for your brothers and sisters, for those who are about to suffer. Pray my children, pray that illness will pass you by. Pray my children, pray, the earth will be shaken with power, the south will be cleansed. My people, for every person, gentleness and responding to the calls of My House means protection and special blessing. I bless you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 25 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my Motherhood. Remain firm, do not be hasty in your decisions - you must be vigilant, because the devil has poured out his anger, stupidity, aggressiveness, unsteadiness, disobedience, pride, wickedness and jealousy on mankind to nest in every person who will allow it. He has sent His legions to make the people of My Son fall into temptation. Evil is working furiously against my children. There is an incarnate and real battle for souls, led by my beloved Saint Michael the Archangel and his legions against Satan and his evil legions, who prowl and steal souls. My Son's faithful embrace innovations that wound His Divine Heart. The devil and his henchmen are not resting, they are attacking you to take souls as their booty, and my children are falling into the nets of evil. It is necessary to grow in faith, brotherly love and saying 'yes, yes!'. or 'no, no!' are essential. At this time, the entire universe is in chaos. Humanity lives in constant spiritual turmoil, in which some who are mine betray others. My Son knows all this. Beloved ones, the serpent of evil sneaks around and thus reaches the minds and thoughts of people. This is how he manages to enter the Church of my Son, into high positions in the hierarchy, in politics, in social affairs, by means of orders issued by the world elite. The elite wields power over humanity in all its aspects, with a well-defined global plan, neither pandemic, nor mutations, nor deaths are the work of chance, when they fulfill, step by step, the plan to reduce the world population as part of the antichrist's strategy. Dearest children, you must remain strong in your faith, strengthen it, do not succumb to the temptations that draw you away from my Son, leading you to deny my Son, who sees everything.... This is an intense time for the faithful, a moment of confusion in which I will shed tears of sorrow for my children who fall into the clutches of temptation, separating themselves from the straight path that leads to eternal life. How many forget the nearness of the warning, carrying on as if everything is fine, acting like hypocrites who do not care to grow at all times and do not break down in the face of the devil's wiles. Pray, my children, the Church of my Son is suffering - it is shaken. Pray, my children, the earth will continue to shake with power, greater than man expects. Pray, my children, aggression between countries will lead them to greater conflicts. Pray, my children, pray, the elements will show their power and humanity will be afraid. Dear children of my Immaculate Heart, be beings who make a difference, be faithful to my Son, do not be afraid.... The legions of heaven under the command of my most beloved and faithful Saint Michael the Archangel stand guard over each of you. You are the people of my Son, and this Mother intercedes for you as Queen and Mother of Mercy. Be love, and the rest will be added to you. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 03 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, I bless you; remain faithful to the Sacred Heart, asking for the gift of love. Proclaim the greatness of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, worship Him, honor His name - even if those around you do not believe, do not be afraid to proclaim your faith in the Triune God. The unity of God's people is essential at the present time, more than at any other, given the acceptance in the Church of everything pagan, with those forms of modernism that distort the true magisterium in exchange for shameful profanities. Be true, be people who do not accept modernism, be lovers of the Divine Blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, knowing that you should fear nothing, because you are protected by my heavenly legions. You must pray with your hearts, you must pray for your conversion and that of your brothers and sisters, so that they may come out of the darkness in which they live. There are so many whitewashed graves that go from failure to failure because of their own 'ego' that prevents them from doing good! There are so many who spend their days without stopping to meditate on what they will experience during the Warning, being disobedient and not having decided to restructure their lives towards goodness! There are so many whitewashed graves - excessive, demanding, wallowing in their own glory, self-obsessed! People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the earth is being badly shaken, you should keep a supply of what you especially need for survival - not only your personal survival and that of your family, but also of your brothers and sisters. Store honey, this food is useful. At the same time, store what is possible for each of you. The purification of humanity is underway. There will be great events due to water, wind, volcanoes and many other things produced by man himself. Famine will be rampant in the nations. The sun will continue to send its effects on the earth, which will cause humanity to regress. The prayer of the Holy Rosary is important, our Queen and Mother listens to those who pray it with heart. People of God, pray for the unforeseen and devastating effects of nature on earth. People of God, pray that awareness of this crucial moment will grow among God's children. People of God, pray France will suffer. The United States, Indonesia, Costa Rica, Colombia and Bolivia will be strongly shaken. People of God, pray, the Church will embrace innovation. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ is bleeding, our Queen is weeping. People of God, you will look at the firmament and call out the name of the Triune God in amazement. Adore, make satisfaction, love the Triune God; be faithful, not hiding the faith you profess. Our Queen and Mother carries you in her heart. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ has your names written in His Heart with His Divine Blood. Receive peace, blessings. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 06 2021 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, through faith, the impossible is possible for My children.... The unity of My children is an irresistible force that restrains evil. My children must prepare themselves, they must know me and know that evil is not an invention, so that with the weapons of knowledge they can fight evil with power. Right now, evil is gaining strength because of the ignorance of my people on issues fundamental to the faith and the stability of my Church. You see how I am being treated at the hands of my ministers, who maintain a condemning silence! The course of events toward the liberation of what has been foretold is accelerating before the eyes of a humanity desensitized by the superfluous, by materialism, by contempt, at a time when nature is showing its power before an unresponsive humanity. Seismic activity on earth is increasing. Pray that Mexico will not forget my Mother. She is the protector of this nation; they are hurting Her by insulting Me. Pray for Nicaragua, her land and My people will be shaken. Pray, for the earth will shake in Chile and Ecuador. Pray, the land of Argentina will be shaken, as will its people, refusing to be taken over by communism. Pray, Brazil will suffer through disease; you should prepare yourselves. Pray for Peru; it is faltering. Pray for the islands that will be shaken, the Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico. Pay attention to the Yellowstone volcano.... Get ready children, the southern coast of Italy will be shaken. Turkey will be seriously affected. Dormant volcanoes are waking up. Diseases will progress... It is the duty of my people to pray for each other. Serve one another. The purification of my children is necessary, the purification of my own is urgent - some choose to convert. This is the time for change, I require you to change in your work and actions. Everyone chooses either shackles or the freedom that my love offers. My beloved people, to keep your immune system strong, take Moringa for no more than two weeks, then rest for three weeks and start again. Drink Green Tea, without excess. The best medicine for the body is a pure soul, no resentment, no grudges, no jealousy, no resentment. If the body gets sick, the soul will still worship me. I love you, my little children, I love you. United with my Heavenly legions, my people will triumph, and you will all belong to my Mother. My special blessing be with my children, I cover you with my precious blood, protect you and strengthen you. If only you will obey the Lord your God, diligently observing all His Commandments which I command you today, the Lord your God will set you high above all the nations of the earth. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 13 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Dear children of God, in the name of the Most Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother, I offer you this moment of mercy.... Innovations contrary to God's Law are dragging humanity into the abyss. Some of those who have been chosen to serve our King and Lord Jesus Christ do not pray and devote themselves to social interactions. This, along with evil thoughts, leads them to fall into transgressions in which the devil delights. Young people, in absolute disobedience, have fallen into total misery, where values have been buried so that they are not known. The perception of faith in God as something ancient, false and abhorrent will attract disease to young people, affecting them in a special way so that they can improve. Still, some will prefer to be confused rather than admit that they are living in evil. The music of young people is abnormal, their words are offensive to our King and Lord Jesus Christ and to our Queen and Mother. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the wicked plan of the elite has taken advantage of the minds of mankind. It has sold them, through technology, the 'entertainment' needed for infidelity at home and created children who are psychologically addicted to triumphant heroes who have no human respect. The hatred of the faithful representatives of Our Lord and King Jesus Christ is causing the persecution of some bishops and priests in the Vatican without the intervention of the Holy Fear of God, thus causing the church of Our Lord and King Jesus Christ to go through the blood of martyrs. Fear not, glory is reserved for those who are faithful to the Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother. Carry the word of God with haste, without ceasing and without fear; give your all so that the word of God can be heard by your brothers and sisters. Now is the time! The earth will shake strongly in one place and in another. Humanity will unite in fear, looking up.... The cause of the fear will come from the universe. People of God, pray with your heart. Grow spiritually in the midst of so much spiritual desolation. You are not alone, continue to pray tirelessly for the Salvation of souls. At this time, those who are light and give light to their brothers and sisters will receive more light from the Divine Spirit. Those who are darkness will receive more darkness. The sickness continues. People of God, do not break down. You are strengthened by the Holy Trinity, by our Queen and Mother, and by my legions of heaven who serve the people of God. Mercy! This is a moment of mercy. Recognize what you are, transform yourselves into what you should be, but have not been until now. Draw the necessary goods from the Holy Spirit, so that you will be beings nourished by God's love. Bear God's mercy so that you can confront the evils that trouble the Church. Strike the shepherd, and the sheep will be scattered'. Be attentive! Prepare as much as you can and share with brothers and sisters who don't have, so that they can prepare. Be careful, humanity will fall into fear and food will disappear. Be careful, share with those who don't have, so that they can gradually make the necessary supplies. Do not wait for chaos, anticipate it. Do not be afraid, he who lives in faith, in faith he will abide and in faith he will survive. My sword extends to the continents, do not be afraid. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ is with His people. Blessed are those who will be saved by their faith. Honor our Mother under the invocation of our Lady of Mount Carmel. I bless you. By the blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ I cover you. Do not be afraid, you are not alone. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 17 2021 - Mother of God.
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I come with my Love to call you once again to vigilance against the time in which you live. Do you wish to save your souls? Live in our Sacred Hearts. How will you lead your brothers and sisters if you are spiritually blind? You must live the unchanged Gospel, without change, to adapt to modern trends, drifting in moments of darkness, apostasy, sin, especially against the gift of life. I ask for the commitment of each of you, my children, to be instruments of love and thus attract your neighbors to my Son and to this Mother, without forgetting that the glory of the work in each work belongs to God and not to any one of you. As Mother, I must emphasize to you that the most difficult times are closer to you than you think. Hence my insistence that you repent and thus open your spiritual sight, allowing the Spirit of God to guide you. You are depressed because of the difficulties that appear on your path. This is what happens, my children, when the Son of Unrighteousness gives orders on earth, magnifying iniquity by spreading sin and apostasy, thus attracting the bloody, painful and unpleasant times of persecution that my Son's Church will experience. These times are serious, they will go from unnoticed to very serious for the Church of my Son at any moment, without prior warning. You must be true to yourselves, living in the love of my Son, so that you can be the unity that is necessary at this time, when you must be protective shields for each other, seeing my Son in your brother and sister. You do not yet understand that if you do not live in inner silence, you will stray into other paths and it will be difficult for you to enter into intimacy with my Son. At this time it is urgent to enter into spiritual intimacy with my Son, so that you will not be moved by other people's eyes. Do you desire to find intimacy with my Son and with me? Come in silence, quiet yourselves, pray. It is urgent that you remain close to my Son, so that you will be strengthened before the events that are to come for all mankind. Humanity's ordeal will not be easy, the trials will not be easy, and even less so if you do not have love. Make yourselves worthy of the help of our most beloved Angel of Peace. Darkness is not only the inability to see because of the darkness itself, but it is the darkness of the soul that will not allow you to distinguish between good and evil. This is why so many souls will fall headlong into the eternal fire. Children, this is Satan's last chance for you to fall, be vigilant that you do not succumb to temptation, for you will not have long years of waiting for the fulfillment of what some are unable to see. Pray for all of humanity. Pray, the great volcano Etna and Yellowstone will become active. Pray, the climate is changing. Pray, do not forget that there is a silent war going on. I bless you with my mantle, I bless you with my heart. I bless you with our Sacred Hearts. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 22 2021 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you in these times of confusion. My people, do not get into disputes with your brothers and sisters, grow spiritually, appreciate the urgency of changing your lives to transform your senses and bring them to Me. My people must abandon the conformity in which most of my children find themselves. This is a decisive moment and those who are mine must overcome passivity. When my children call upon me constantly, when you call upon my Holy Spirit, when you surrender to me, when you keep faith in me, you are on the path to which I am calling you. At this decisive time for those who are mine, the change I demand must be immediate.... At this time I demand it. I know your deeds, you are neither cold nor hot. May you be cold or hot! But because you are lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spit you out of My mouth', My beloved people, what was expected is approaching. I hear my children say, 'I have waited so long, and nothing is happening. Events will not give you time to think about what is yet to come. My Church will be put to a further test, an unexpected change in the Vatican will put my people in a state of tension. Famine will be felt in all countries, the elements have risen against man, they give you no respite, you will not stop them. Do not waste the gift of life, be spiritually vigilant, let those of strong character control themselves, otherwise they will be subjugated by my power.... Let those who entrust their lives to the god of money change, they will see the economy collapse.... Those who turn away from the path I have set for them, let them return before the darkness becomes thick and they cannot return.... Spiritual death rides from north to south and from east to west in search of prey that refuses to change. Remember that in God's great work you are not irreplaceable. I love you and pour out my Mercy, though this My Love must be repaid by My people. Be attentive to the true magisterium of my Church, observe God's Law, be vigilant and attentive in the administration of the sacraments. Above all, I call upon you to be my Love, so that severity may be tempered by my Love.... May the dry land in the Heart of My children be transformed into a land flowing with milk and honey.... May thoughts and minds impenetrable to My Law and My Sacraments be softened until they become clay in My hands.... My people, the sufferings of mankind will be more severe for all; sickness continues, and then the skin will become the seat of another sickness. You continue your pilgrimage. Now you will see the power of the elements rise up against sinful humanity! Pray and take action so that your brothers and sisters will understand the urgency of change. Pray that everyone will be enlightened and that their eyes will constantly see how they offend me with their deeds and actions. I urge you to reflect, you are witnesses to my warnings, where it was hot, it is now snowing, and where there was snow, there is suffocating heat. The warning is coming, do not be among those who are still spiritually blind. Bring sacramentals at every opportunity. I, your Jesus, love you with an everlasting love. My blessing is with each of you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 31 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, beloved people of God, I come with a word from on high, from the Holy Trinity. I speak to you, and you are indifferent.... With such indifference and disrespect you insult our King and Lord Jesus Christ.... And you continue to do so without stopping. You see what other human beings on earth are experiencing, and you are unmoved! Destruction gallops from place to place until it covers the entire earth before the eyes of out-of-control humanity, which surrenders to evil like sheep to the slaughter. People of God, the goal of evil, to reduce the population on earth, is underway. What persecution are you waiting for, people of God? Persecution has already begun and is becoming more and more pronounced and evident against God's children. You must continue to grow spiritually. Don't be content with what you have achieved; works and deeds lead you to grow, but what drives your ascent is the awareness of acting and behaving within the Will of the Holy Trinity. Know that I am not passing on to you fear, but the knowledge of what you need to know in order not to lose your souls, that is the Divine Will. Pay attention to every message you receive as God's people, so that you will not be deceived. Knowledge and practice of the Faith will keep you strong, without giving up. Pay attention to the calls of the Father's House! You are witnesses to the fulfillment of what has been said to you and what has already been released, until the Time of Warning. Be steadfast in faith before the Most Holy Trinity, in love and devotion to our Queen and Mother under the title of Queen and Mother of the End Times. Persevere, grow, and at the same time be humble. People of God, remember that you have been warned of a war that will take you by surprise without any prior predictions. Pray God's children, pray, you will hear the roars in the Balkans. Pray children of God, pray, Turkey will suffer to the depths. Pray children of God, pray, there will be treason in Italy - the Church will suffer. People of God, do not be distracted by triviality, be aware of this time. Pray, Italy will be invaded by the color yellow as social revolts break out in various countries. People of God, fix yourselves now! Do not delay access to grace, do not be afraid - keep the faith. You are God's people and you will never be abandoned. This is a decisive moment for humanity; in difficult times the help of our Queen and Mother is greater, and even greater is her help for the people of her Son. You must actively maintain a close relationship with your guardian angels; my legions will assist you to remain faithful. As God's people, you will be further assisted by my legions during your greatest trial. For this you need faith in the Divine Will, absolute faith, not half-measures. As Prince of the legions of heaven, I bless and protect you. Long live Christ the King! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 09 2021 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you. As My children, I hold you in My Sacred Heart. You are the generation I have called to fulfill My Will. How much more you must experience before you face the Warning! You will endure what you will experience through growing faith, with love, unity, brotherhood and obedience, as human beings of generosity, humility and contrite spirit. The proud will be consumed in their own pride as the unjust in their injustice. My people will be put to the test in faith, in morals, in social affairs, in education, in the economy, in health and in technology, because humanity is a challenge to Freemasonry, which has set itself the goal of keeping my people down, and is succeeding. Wake up, children! Wake up, do not remain asleep. I have revealed so much to you about this time that has already come, and yet most of my children neither believe nor want to accept that great catastrophes will occur, out of fear for their spiritual state. The human race wants to live as in the past, and it will not succeed. It will continue to live, but in fear, because you knew in advance everything that was happening. I announced it to you, my Mother announced it to you, my beloved Saint Michael the Archangel announced it to you, and you did not believe it. You are in global chaos. Much of this is due to the lack of human spirituality. You follow in lies, in self-pity, in denial, and this leads you to self-destruction. My beloved nation, the earth continues to tremble. Pray for Chile and Peru. Pray for France and Germany. Pray for Japan. Pray for Mexico. Pray for China. The plague continues as a manifestation of the wicked plan of evil. Pray for Africa. Pray for Israel. Pray for the Netherlands. Communism advances unhindered, with an iron hand it blinds my people, persecutes and oppresses them. This will end, and the Immaculate Heart of my Mother will triumph. I urge you to heed the signs and signals. What is happening will lead you to the fulfillment of the Warning. Prepare yourselves, repent, convert! My people, even some of you are denying the Warning..... To deny the Warning is to deny that My Mercy gives you the opportunity. You will look at the firmament with fear and will not know what to do. Call upon my Name and say: may Mary most pure, without sin conceived, live. Persecution is increasing... do not cooperate, being partakers of the blood of the innocent. Are you afraid? Where is your faith? Am I not your God, the one who protects and defends you from your persecutors, who renders evil away from you if you show me your faith? Listen to my calls, do not despair, stand firm. I do not abandon my people whom I have called, I will seek them where I have called them. I bless my people, my faithful people. I love you, children. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 15 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Dear people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, may our King be glorified from age to age, and may our Queen and Mother be venerated always and everywhere. Beloved people, the darkness that spreads evil wherever it appears makes man susceptible to the whispers of the devil. It is for this reason that we warn you from the Father's House in a constant and urgent call to conversion. Humanity is being dominated, constantly dragged down by the elites, even without them introducing any control into the bodies of human beings. Every article you buy or the technology by which you communicate with your brothers and sisters is used to maintain control over all your movements. The elite persecute you from all sides, without your desire or aspiration. You are in the hands of the greatest manipulators of this generation, who have one goal, to take you captive, make you their vassals and persecute you in an attempt to break you. You will return to a subsistence life, exchanging food and other items to feed or clothe yourselves. This will not be easy for God's people, but not impossible for you, with Divine help, the intercession of our Queen and Mother and our defense. You are not alone, you must have more faith, and for this you need the knowledge of our Lord and King Jesus Christ. Human beings are very easily changed, human aggression is uncontrollable and evil takes over. It is necessary for you to grow spiritually, so that you are not confused when you receive important news that shakes you in your faith. Those who hold firmly to the faith, trusting in our King and Lord Jesus Christ and His promises, will continue on this path. You continue to face the fury of the elements. Humanity is heading for more intense earthquakes, and the geography of the earth will change. Keep your faith strong without falling into despair. Our Queen and Mother holds her mantle over the people of her Son. At this time you should pray for all of humanity. Safe are those who remain strong in faith, even if in the Church itself they want to lead you into other stormy waters. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ sees with sadness that the spiritual life of most of His children is wandering aimlessly.... Rise up, people of God! Rise up with the power of the Holy Spirit. The Church is intimidated to open its doors to innovations that are profane and to embrace other pseudo-religions. Beloved of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, be faithful, do not give up, be faithful, do not falter in faith in these critical moments for the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Pray for Bolivia, pray without delay. Pray for Central America, pray without hesitation. Pray for Mexico, it will be cleansed in a great way. Pray for Argentina, it will be shaken and its people will be inflamed. The sun is strongly affecting the earth; you will see its effects from one point of the globe to another with such frequency that countries will find it difficult to help each other. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, stay in your country if leaving is not absolutely necessary; the trials will continue, making it difficult for you to return because of the new measures that the elite as a whole will order to be imposed at the global level. Volcanoes will erupt, anguish will engulf humanity. You are not alone, be true children of the King. The power of God is above all human power. Believe in Almighty God, in the mystery of the Holy Trinity, and love our Queen and Mother. Call upon us, we are here to help you. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord, the King of Hosts, Heaven and Earth are full of His glory. I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 22 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved of our King and Lord Jesus Christ I bless you, people of God. Be love, unity, forgiveness. Be compassionate and merciful. Help one another, embody mutual aid. In this way you will cleanse yourselves of all that you carry within you that is contrary to the love of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. At the present time, more than at other times, people are needed who are solid and confident that our King and Lord Jesus Christ will not abandon them, just as our Queen and Mother constantly protects them. The forces of evil are taking advantage of this time of confusion you are in to direct souls into the wrong waters, and the forces opposed to good are taking advantage of this to keep the children of our Queen and Mother in confusion and to weaken them. Remember that the one who will present himself before all mankind is the antichrist, who will present himself as the King of Peace. Keep your faith full of knowledge and wisdom, and ask the Holy Spirit to enlighten you so that you will not be carried away by the ignorant majority. People of our Queen and Mother, you must strengthen yourselves in faith. Do not be afraid of those who can take your life, be afraid of those who can lead you astray, be afraid of those doctors of law who do not love God's people. Be alert to the temperament and character of each person, they are a trap for a person to lose the center in which he should remain faithful. You, as humanity, are facing decisive times. You know that earthquakes will continue to occur, just as the elements will continue to purify you, but the greatest purification of humanity comes from the elites, who on a global scale are circulating orders to subjugate you until the arrival of the one who will present himself as the king of peace. Remain within the true magisterium of the Church, be creatures of peace, knowing the Divine Word contained in the Holy Scriptures. Pray, pray for the Church, strengthen your faith, news will come that will cause great division and shake the world. Pray, people of God, pray. Persecution against the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ is intensifying. Pray for Central America, pray persistently, not forgetting Colombia. Pray, pray for Japan, she will succumb because of the water. Pray, the Etna volcano will cause great havoc. Be on alert for the Mediterranean Sea. Beloved of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, go forward without wasting a moment. It is necessary that you continue to grow in faith, hope and love. Be aware of this time, which constantly intensifies and accelerates the suffering of humanity. Abide in prayer, being merciful to your brothers and sisters. Be faithful children of God. Pray that the prophecies that depend on humanity's response will be minimized or canceled in the name of the Blessed Trinity. My heavenly legions continue to protect you, allow them to do so, do not reject their protection. Go without fear inside the marching column. You are guarded by my legions, who are in the service of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. All honor and glory to our King. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 29 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children, I bless you as Queen and Mother of the End Times. At the conclusion of the novena you have dedicated to me, my Heart was filled with joy at the response of my children, knowing with certainty that what they offer to me, I present before the Will of God. I have seen people who have been converted, who have made a strong decision to meet my Son again. This novena has become Heaven on earth. Only by being humble and simple-hearted can you understand that as Queen and Mother I am grateful for gestures born of pure and simple hearts. Beloved children, this generation must be prepared, it must be catechized so that it does not perish. The wicked son of perdition is already at work, he is not sending his henchmen, as was the case in the past, but is himself setting about extending his tentacles to a confused and deluded humanity. It is this generation that is experiencing moments of pain as the words are being fulfilled before its eyes: 'a brother will betray his brother to death, and a father his child, the children will rise up against their parents and have them killed; and you will be hated by all because of my Name. But he who perseveres to the end shall be saved. Children, right now there is distrust in homes, in workplaces, in families; this is already happening for no reason at all, and it will increase. Humanity is heading to a point where they will leave you without freedom, unable to move or think for yourselves, and humanity will agree to anything to survive. As Mother, I encourage each of you to stay where you have settled, only those who live near the coasts should move away from the coasts. The seas will make landfall and some of them have underwater mountains that will come to the surface at some point. There are a small number of souls who walk as Heaven has indicated. My children are being tested again and again, they are given new incentives full of lies to get lost. They will suffer during the European winter. My beloved ones, I give you My Heart, so that you will not be afraid.... My hands, so that you will not be lost.... My feet, to guide you.... my eyes, so that you may live in forgiveness and see my Son in your brothers and sisters.... my tongue, so that you pray and beg for conversion.... Pray the Holy Rosary without ceasing, tirelessly do good. It is necessary that you consecrate yourselves to my Heart, so that it intercedes for you. It is urgent that you consecrate yourselves to my Heart, do not wait. Prepare your consecrations for September, before the month dedicated to the Holy Rosary, this is necessary for the good of your souls. Pay attention to the fact that you are losing faith, and this leads you to fall prey to the devil. Be simple and humble of heart so that I can help you. This is not the time to be interested in other things than growing in the spirit. Pray the Holy Rosary, it is a prayer that the devil does not like to hear, and you keep him away by praying if you are in a state of Grace. I bless all of you who read this call of mine and put it into practice. This moment is urgent. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 06 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, may peace be in each of you. People of God, I gather you around our Queen and Mother. As the people of Her Son, you must remain united and not scatter at this time when evil is spreading its tentacles to seduce the nations. The goal of evil is to bring humanity to the point of extreme suffering, so that our Queen and Mother suffers because of her children - besieged on all sides, abused in every possible way, persecuted and spiritually impoverished. You are at the moment when the first manifestations of the hand of the antichrist on humanity are visible, as well as the hands that constantly accompany it. The signs and signals with which creation is responding to humanity will intensify until the time of the Great Purification. Every act of love, obedience and faith will be rewarded.... Every act of disobedience will be severely punished.... I have come to warn you of the actions of evil at this time, when you are being led like sheep to the slaughter. The language that is being used against all mankind should make you vigilant against the evil that promises to completely control humanity. You must fight to keep the faith; fight with knowledge, not timidity, knowing and loving our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother to save souls. As Prince of the legions of heaven, I will defend you at all times. The Sacred Hearts love you, protect you, defend you, and the response of humanity should be commensurate with such great protection. Meanwhile, faith is fading, and man is becoming a being without thought - an automaton - with each passing moment. Pray in inner silence, pray to our Queen and Mother, but pray for the intentions of our Queen and Mother, not for your own personal and somewhat selfish intentions. Our Queen and Mother intercedes for all humanity without distinction. She prays for a halt to certain events. In his concern to stay alive, man is selfish, even when he carries petitions to Heaven. Gather around our Queen and Mother; love her, respect her, be her children, not distant relatives. This is a time when faith must be strengthened and reinforced with unity; only in this way will you be useful to the Father's plans. Pray with our Queen and Mother of the End Times. See how she responds to your calls, how much she loves you! Our Queen and Mother wants you to entrust to Her your burdens, your sufferings and everything that limits or frightens you. Give it to the Queen and Mother to include it in her intentions, and in this way maternal love will answer you. People of God, do you have no food? Has there been a famine? Turn to God's providence. Do you not have medicine? Heaven has given you the main medicines. Surrender your worries to God's Will. At some point, our Queen and Mother will be seen by many of her children, by those who believe and by those who do not believe, and they will be converted, and to each she will give a sign of unity with which they will live until they attain eternal life. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray with love; do not criticize your neighbor, do not mistreat your brothers and sisters. Be faith, hope and love for the holy remnant. I bless you in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit. Receive our Queen and Mother as the Mother that she is. With the blessing of the angelic choirs. Amen. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 10 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you as Mother of Humanity. I call upon you to renounce sin and to entrust yourselves to my Son. Humanity has become perverted to the point of surrendering to evil - that evil which humanity refuses to renounce. The Devil has seduced you, leading you to despise the Commandments, the Sacraments and the works of mercy. My Heart bleeds because of the state of this generation, which indulges in carnal sins, comes to abominations and perversions with which you tear my Son's Heart and my Heart. Beloved people of my Son, I weep because of your indifference to my Son.... I weep over indifference to His calls.... I weep over the suffering of this faithless humanity.... I weep over the conflict between nations.... I weep over the spiritual conflict in which many of my children find themselves.... You who listen to the word of this Mother, I call you to faithfulness, to live the faith in all its splendor, seeing in martyrdom the triumph that makes you more like my Son. The great machinery of evil seizes what belongs to my Son, man, whom it keeps in degradation, in order to make you dependent. This machinery is communism, which has degraded man in every aspect of life, sowing violence, division and opposition. It was created to oppress humanity. The pain will become stronger for my children; you will be forced to deny the miracle of the Eucharist and will be severely tested. Do not lose spirit, children, do not lose spirit, stand firm in the faith. Know that pain is atonement and that your sacrifices are not lost. Humanity has moved from 'before' to 'now', this 'now' is when evil wounds my Heart, attacking my children. The elements have unleashed their fury, which will grow until human creatures feel cornered and stumble in faith. It is humanity that has offended my Divine Son by worshipping false gods. This spawn of evil has come to destroy mankind, to blaspheme my Son and his Church, to slander, to worship itself and impose on itself the idols it will take to my Son's temples. Events will continue, the moon and the sun will cause disturbances leading to great geographical changes, and the elements will rise with greater force, changing the climate of the earth. You should not be afraid, after all, Heaven is with you. Keep the Commandments, do not falter on your way - you will not be alone. My Son will give some of my favorite sons spiritual strength and faith to keep you on the path of my Son, not forgetting that the Angel of Peace will be sent from on high to comfort you when necessary, and to keep the people faithful. You must be assured that you are not alone; the plagues are getting closer and stronger every day. I urge you to pray that the scourge of communism be stopped. I assure you that then will come such faithfulness to the Father's House as you have never experienced. I bless you, children, with my maternal protection. With my Immaculate Heart I bless and protect you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 14 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, as commander of the heavenly hosts, I call upon you to devote yourselves to our Queen and Sorrowful Mother. Every human being is an expression of Divine Love and maternal love. Our Queen and Mother call you to lead you to her Son, who gave Himself on the Cross as a gentle lamb for the sins of mankind. Our Queen and Mother does not rest, She invites and calls you constantly to repentance, to prayer, to penance.... Have you repented of your evil deeds and actions so that, having repented, you can enter the path of Salvation? There are those who are still indifferent to what they see before their eyes. They want to ignore the truth of this time in order not to think and change their lives. Creatures of delusion! Without changing your lives, without the desire and readiness to convert, you will not be able to save your souls. The flames of hell are a terrible torment, and our Queen and Mother are suffering because of the disobedience of mankind. On this day, make reparation for the fact that the Immaculate Heart of our Queen and Mother is suffering. Without wasting time, make reparation, make reparation.... Before it is too late. Pray, pray for France, it is in danger. Pray, pray, Mount St. Helena will bring misfortune - pray. Pray, pray, Turkey needs conversion - it will bring pain to humanity. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, prepare yourselves spiritually, be fraternal, protect yourselves, keep the Commandments and study them. Be the peace that mankind does not have.... Be the blessing that humanity does not offer.... Be attentive to what I communicate to you through the Divine Will. Let peace be a tool in you to overcome evil. Do not be afraid, Heaven protects you at all times, do not be afraid. I bless you, I defend you from all evil. Honor the Queen and the Sorrowful Mother. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 21 2021 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, receive my Blessing. You are My people whom I love. Children, once again I come to you to call you to reject sin and to know Me as you should, so that you will not be so easily misled. You have refused to know me, therefore you do not recognize me, you reject the Commandments, the Sacraments, the Eucharistic celebration and the proper reception of me. For many of mine, this is a token gesture, a waste of time in which they receive me for the sake of appearances. Without heeding the calls of the Father's House, your human egos continue to be inflated by the perversity you carry within you. You create laws that favor the killing of innocents - among other laws - causing humanity to suffer for this gravest sin. You are disavowed by creation.... is a generation that rebels against its Lord and its God. The conceited human ego knows nothing about mercy toward its neighbor.... Many people feed on disobedience.... Loyalty has become an absurdity, so my people are in great danger because of the lack of sincerity and brotherly love with which you would survive if you protected each other. These are critical moments for my people, when humanity, very meekly allowing itself to be led astray, has surrendered to the wolves, like sheep without a shepherd. Greater and terrible sufferings await you, crises of all kinds, persecution for being my children, for being different from the rest who are steeped in sin and disobedience. Time has been cut short.... Social uprisings will increase, communism is ready to attack humanity and plunge you into war. You are approaching the Warning. What My House warned about is being fulfilled before your eyes and will continue to be fulfilled. The wheat is being separated from the tares. Not all those who call themselves My children will reach the end. Gather food, for it will be in short supply. Prepare blessed grapes and preserve honey. Have with you the oil of the Good Samaritan and the medicines that my House has given you. Have with you geranium, called by my children the oil of Saint Michael the Archangel, in honor of my beloved Archangel. You are approaching the Warning.... The expected events preceding the Warning may happen within days. The spiritual misery of humanity is leading it to the abyss. You feel embarrassed in prayer, blessing and brotherhood, because of the stony hearts of many of my children. Love is being extinguished... The devil extinguishes it in front of humanity, which is empty, devoid of Me and devoid of feelings. My children do not be afraid, my Mercy protects you, and my most holy Mother covers you with her mantle. Forward, my people! Forward with faith, with hope, with the assurance of a new heaven and a new earth. My Angel of Peace constantly watches over you with Infinite Love and protects you henceforth. Go forward without fear, you are my people. Do not stop, I carry you in My Heart. With eternal love, your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 26 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, united as children of the same King, I call upon you to join my legions of heaven to fight together with them against sin and iniquity of the devil. The path of mankind is marked by signs in Heaven and on earth, and God's people do not lift their eyes to Heaven. It is because of the indifference of mankind and its great unbelief that you will continue to suffer. You do not fear God, you live in immorality, in disobedience, in the mire of sin. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the Infinite Mercy, asks that His Mother no longer withhold God's arm before more children perish. As times speed up, suffering doubles and sin increases. Disobedience, godlessness and unbelief among the majority of humanity are leading to the scourging of the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. We are moving forward to defend the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, waiting for the signal given by our King to come to the aid of the souls who still remain faithful. Have you forgotten that this generation will be severely scourged by fire? How you continue to sin! You will see how the earth itself burns when it bursts.... Increased volcanic activity will spew fire, smoke and gases that will make it difficult for much of humanity to survive. During earth tremors, I see many who fall to their knees in fear and continue to sin. The sun will be darkened and you will not see the moon shining because of the smoke from the volcanoes. It is you yourselves, who have offended our King and Lord Jesus Christ, who should make reparation, pray and love in return for all that the Divine Will has given you, and which you have despised. You will persist in human folly until great punishment comes upon this perverse generation. Prepare supplies, according to everyone's ability. Pray, children of God, pray for Argentina, the nation will revolt. Pray, children of God, pray for Brazil, for it will suffer in purification. Pray God's children, pray for the Balkans, war strategies are being prepared. Pray children of God, pray for Bali, the Agung volcano will cause great fear. As the prince of the heavenly legions, I call on you to prepare yourselves, to convert and to be ready for inner transformation, otherwise it will be difficult for you to achieve conversion. Pride will lead humanity to fall.... beware! Children of God, do not be afraid, go gently without hurting your neighbors. Children of God, be humble servants of our Queen and Mother, so that under her protection you may continue to be in her likeness, creatures of faith. You have not been abandoned by the hand of God. Have faith and turn fear into a firm goal of improvement. I bless you, people of God. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 04 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, in union with the Sacred Hearts, I call upon you. As Prince of the legions of heaven, in the name of the Sacred Hearts, I call upon the people of God to unite with one voice, in one faith, under the word of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, already known in the Holy Scriptures. Strengthen yourselves by receiving the Body and Blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, and at every Communion invite our Queen and Mother to receive her Divine Son with you. The Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth protects you, urging you to abide by her Divine Son, lest evil take you as its prey. As God's children, be attentive to the guidance from Heaven. Pay attention to the urgent need to store grain and other foodstuffs according to the age of each family member, not forgetting to help some of your brothers and sisters. Keep the medicines you need, without neglecting water, which is essential for life. You are so close to global chaos.... And you will regret that you were not obedient as in the time of Noah.... Like during the construction of the tower of Babel.... This generation of 'progress' will come to live without this 'progress' and will return to a primitive life without economy, not forgetting the death of a large part of humanity. What is happening? You will ask yourself when you will not be able to leave the places where you are. Travelers will not be able to return to their homes. In the midst of the lawlessness of global chaos, elites will rise stealthily, imposing themselves on humanity. Humanity will become a victim of its own 'progress,' prepared in advance for the moment when snow will cover Europe and other countries will be in winter. Wake up, children of God, wake up! Repent before the moment arrives. My angelic legions are ordered to protect the faithful of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and the children of our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth. Pray, children, pray with perseverance, obedience, devotion and faith. Pray for all of humanity. Pray for la Palma; he shows in advance what will cause humanity to suffer. Repent before total silence prevails on earth. Part of humanity is giving in to unclean spirits. My legions are especially tasked with protecting the innocent. Those who are afraid should repent and change their lives. I do not bring you fear, but I appeal to the conscience of mankind, considering what will happen. Repent, unite, prepare - division will lead to chaos. Those who bless are blessed, those who do not obey will suffer, therefore, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, obey now! We protect and will protect you by divine command. Be faithful to the Holy Trinity, loving children of your Queen and Mother, be bearers of good toward your fellow men. We protect you at all times and against every onslaught of evil. With sword raised high, I defend you, guide you, enlighten your path. I bless you, faithful people. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 12 2021 - Jesus Christ
Dear children of My Sacred Heart, you remain in My wounds. I gave you redemption so that at this moment, as individual creatures, each one can freely decide good or evil. Do not blame me for what is happening to you, but look at yourselves.... What are you bringing upon yourselves as humanity? How do you live your lives? What decisions do you make? How do you direct your personal morality, what do you accept and what do you not accept personally within yourselves? Each of my children loves themselves naturally, but this generation loves themselves in a completely disordered way. Therefore, you are selfish and preach for the sake of your ego, the reference point is your ego, the qualities and examples you give to your brothers and sisters have as their reference point the inner ego, which loves only itself. My people, do you want to come out of your self-inflicted ignorance by working and acting according to your individual ego? Be humble, this is what this generation lacks - the humility to accept that although each person is an individual, he does not live alone, but surrounded by other people with whom I have called you to live in brotherhood. Creation groans and feels the pain of giving birth, expecting my people to keep the faith. Man dominates man to the point where the elite accept the prospect of self-destruction of my children caused by: abortion.... euthanasia ... nuclear weapons - the most inhumane weapons ever created by man.... Chemical weapons that my nation will be scourged with.... And at this time unknown to you 'innovations' - A symbol of human arrogance.... Pray, my people, pray, pray, the cold will come to a great part of the earth, penetrating down to the bones, and my children will suffer greatly because of it, not expecting it and not having adequate preparation to face the cold. Pray, my people, pray, pray, pray, the earth will continue to shake hard, you will be plunged into suffering. My people, you must prepare yourselves before events of any kind take on a life of their own and chaos increases. You know very well that human beings behave wildly in the face of instability. Humanity will be deprived of communication, technology will be suspended by the decision of human power on earth. Silence and fear will envelop those who do not love me and those who refuse to repent for their evil deeds. Remain faithful to me, receive me in the holy Eucharist. Do not walk in ways that contradict the Commandments, the Sacraments and the Scriptures. This is not the time to interpret My Word according to your personal tastes, be faithful to the true magisterium of My Church. Do not waste this time... You have entered into great suffering. My people, recite the Holy Rosary to my Mother with special devotion on October 13, offering me prayers throughout the day for the following intentions, in reparation for the sins of mankind. In petitions for the sufferings of mankind because of their sins and because of nature. As an offering of penance of my people to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother. My people, you are protected. Unite fraternally, not forgetting that by the Will of God you are guarded by my heavenly legions under the command of Saint Michael the Archangel. My people, the moment is the present moment. I protect you, I carry you in my Sacred Heart, do not be afraid, evil flees from me. I bless your senses to be more spiritual and less worldly. I bless your hearts to be soft and not to inflict pain on your brothers and sisters. I bless your hands to do good. I bless your feet to walk in my footsteps. How I love you, children, how I love you! Do not be afraid, I am guarding you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 19 2021 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I bless you with the love that can only be found by being faithful to our King. You are at a point where, because of listening to voices other than those of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother, you have allowed confusion, unbelief and pride to enter you, which brings out the worst in man when he rebels against the House of the Father out of unbelief. You are heading for a time when man will fight against man, forgetting that he is God's creation, in the face of the hunger that grips humanity and a darkness so deep that you will not be able to see your hands. A darkness similar to that which human beings carry in their souls because of the constant sins in which they have plunged as humanity. This generation will experience technological regression, becoming people without the knowledge of how to live without the comforts of the moment. Continuing to live without stopping to examine yourself internally makes you insensitive, makes you think that everything is a fantasy and therefore you do not convert. Beloved of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the word of the Holy Trinity is just and true. The word given to you by our Queen and Mother is authentic. Foolish creatures! Wicked generation, how you will suffer! Prepare yourselves, do not forget. Times are becoming more and more difficult. What you must suffer is coming. Repent now! Look at the state of humanity .... Repent now! I bless you, my Heavenly legions protect you. The love and protection of the Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother remain over you. Every guardian angel should be loved and invoked with greater faith at this time. I urge you to pray the Holy Rosary and the Chaplet of Divine Mercy constantly. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 24 2021 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I uphold you with a word from My House to warn you and not to frighten you. Call upon Me day and night, at all times, doing the same with My Blessed Mother and the heavenly choirs. Call upon Michael the Archangel and the heavenly legions to protect you and to continue to be faithful. This is the right time for you to repent and become beings of faith before the events appear before mankind. My people, I love you and urge you to convert as soon as possible. Save your souls, turn away from evil, do not participate in paganism, do not participate in sacrilege, because ultimately they are profanations of what represents me. At this time, so much dishonor is invading my House. Grow spiritually, do not wish evil on your neighbor and do not participate when your brother is insulted. I forbid you to participate in the persecution of your brothers and sisters. My children, be brotherly, respect your neighbor's belongings, and do not take part in the vandalism that will occur. I do not want to frighten you, but to warn you. Spiritual preparation comes first, then prepare food supplies, according to what each of you has within your means. I will multiply what my children possess, insofar as what you acquire is indeed what your capabilities allow. My beloved people, do not wait for tomorrow, prepare now! Have a clean soul and blessed candles, and blessed grapes and winter clothing. Have a supply of water, the element necessary for life. My children, reflect deeply on My Words, so that you do not overlook what My Words say to you. Repent, so that what awaits you may be more bearable, and so that in the midst of privation you may keep faith and hope. My beloved people, my Church is heading towards total schism, be praying souls. Humanity has been put under the power of evil. Pray, my children, pray with your hearts, receive me in the Holy Eucharist, in adoration and with the knowledge that I am your God. Pray, my children, pray, offer yourselves, fast as each body allows, so that you may discern the mark of the beast and not be deceived. Pray, my children, pray for Turkey, she will fall in battle. Pray, my children, pray, those who pray uphold my people. Pray, my children, the faith is being undermined and therefore the destroyers of the faith are gaining courage against my Church, yet my children remain silent. My messenger will arrive after the appearance of the antichrist and my children will recognize him. Pray, my children, convert now! This moment is on the horizon. I love you with my Sacred Heart. You are not alone, you are My people. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 1 2021 - Archangel Michael   
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: the word coming from on high is true. As prince of the heavenly legions, I defend you against evil, together with my legions. I stand with my sword held high.... I have my arm ready to give the order to my legions and to act so as to give special assistance to the children of our lord and king Jesus Christ. As a generation you have allowed yourselves to be deceived, embracing what is contrary to the Law of God - a law which leads every human being to remain within their centre of gravity, with the objective that there would be no division between what is natural and what is spiritual in the human being. What is ordained in the Law of God must lead humanity to be an extension of the Divine Will, which governs everything. Therefore, those who know the Law of God conduct themselves righteously within the knowledge and fulfilment of the commandments. Practise the Law of God: do not recite it by rote, but behind every statement find out how much of it has been broken and how much you have not yet fulfilled. Continue being more spiritual: separate yourselves from what is worldly so that you would not fall into ignorance, consequently being governed by personal considerations, unable to differentiate between what is good and what is bad. People of God: there are so many false doctrines without spirituality which do not lead to holiness or fraternity, where the aim is to train arrogant people who know everything, who do not accept the holy doctrine and who go from one place to another. These creatures without love in their hearts act in their own interests. In Christianity, spirituality forms people who are guided by the Holy Spirit, searching for the virtues and gifts of the true liturgy, the sacraments and the commandments - people abounding in charity, understanding and love for their neighbour. People of firm faith and knowledge. Spirituality leads to the search for holiness. To seek in other waters what you think that you cannot find in holy Scripture is a sign that you are not people disposed to the unity and knowledge that lead you to order, love and faith. People of our lord and king Jesus Christ: this is the time when humanity will come to rebel against its rulers, those who have led it to suffer. Uncertainty is coming to humanity in the face of the death of so many brothers and sisters, uncertainty in the face of the coming famine, in the face of steps towards war that will become increasingly evident as they will go from threats to arms, from provocations to action, stirred up by the demons that prowl the earth and against whom we have been sent to fight. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray the holy rosary from the heart. Receive our king in the Holy Eucharist, properly prepared so that you would not condemn yourselves by receiving him in a state of sin. Be creatures of peace so that the devil would not possess you. Satan's aim is to subdue you. As god's people, do not allow this. You will witness signs in the sky which you will not be able to explain. You are called to love and to remain at the service of the Holy Trinity in search of souls, so that they would not be lost. Children of our king, pray for America: peoples anxiety will lead to protests and covid will regain strength. Children of our king, pray: the great nation will call for the retirement of its ruler and will raise up a woman. Children of our king, pray: volcanoes will continue to awaken with great force, hindering air travel. The earth will shake, causing greater distress. Children of our king, pray: darkness is being imposed upon the earth - darkness that is not from the divine hand. Remain alert, people of our king: communism is advancing and engaging in battle using the arts of the devil to conquer its peoples, who will call out for freedom. All over the earth there will be uprisings, therefore my celestial legions will remain with you. Pay attention! They have provoked shortages in order to create social chaos. Make haste: do not wait for signs in order to act, because then you will be unable to prepare. You are living in expectation, therefore enter into Divine Love, ask for divine protection and the protection of our Queen and Mother of the End Times. Treasure the medicines that heaven has given you: do not despise them. Be united, be fraternal - united, united. Christ conquers, Christ reigns, Christ rules. In faithfulness and love for the Most Holy Trinity, St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

November 4 2021 - Archangel Michael  
People of God, beloved people of God: as prince of the heavenly legions, I call you all to be of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, at the same time asking our Queen and Mother of the End Times for her constant protection, with reverence and humility. Beloveds: these are difficult times - very difficult for those who wish to continue acting and working within the good. Chaos is being promoted by the majority of the leaders of the nations, leaders subject to the powerful of the world, who have given themselves over to serving the devil. Humanity is confused, as if it were in the tower of Babel (gen 11:1-9) at this time. Brothers do not understand each other; the works and actions of some are totally different from those of others within the same household. I bless those who, with love, trust and hope, maintain faith in the Most Holy Trinity, finding in prayer and fraternal self-giving the strength that leads them to remain firm in the faith. I give you a special blessing; in discerning these times, you have not fallen into fear or despair, but remain confident in divine protection, despite the indifference of humanity, in which the spirit of lukewarmness has taken root. Go ahead, strengthened by the announcements of heaven that allow you to make amends and to grow spiritually so as to face every form of adversity that will arise on your way. Humanity, pay attention! The minions of the devil are luring you in order to dominate you, leading you into slavery, making you accustomed to bearing that which precedes the seal of the antichrist. Pray, people of God, pray for one another in true fraternity. Pray, people of God, pray for Serbia: pain will come to that land. Pray, people of God, pray for the United States, it will be scourged by nature. Pray, people of God, pray for Syria, land of conflict. Pray, people of God, pray: the summer will be chaotic. Beloved people of God, when you see that events are becoming more serious, pray: pray in spirit and truth. May those who have despised the Most Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother repent before it is too late. Prepare! This generation will regress, being forced to find in nature what it has destroyed and will need in order survive. Be aware that for skin disease geranium is a noble plant that you can use externally. Our Queen and Mother has already recommended it. In its desire for power, humanity will pollute the earth; people will kill their brothers and sisters without any repentance; they will rejoice in their wickedness and then suffer to the core. Beloved people of God: it is not only pain that awaits this generation, but the fruits received by those who remain faithful to Divine Love. Christ conquers, Christ reigns, Christ commands. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.
 
November 12 2021 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved people of the Most Holy Trinity: I have been sent to share the Trinitarian Will with you. I come to call you urgently to prepare yourselves spiritually. All human beings must grow in the spirit, must fight for their salvation and at the same time help their brothers and sisters fraternally in the face of the sufferings that you are already experiencing and those that are yet to fully unfold. I call you to spiritual preparation, without which humanity will not be able to overcome the wickedness of those who are following the orders of the antichrist. You must be more determined! You all know that humanity finds itself in the time of the fulfilment of the prophecies; it is simply that some see and yet do not want to recognize what is truly happening. They do not recognize the signs and signals! Ignorant and narrow-minded people are stubborn, holding their spirits captive to their whims and indifference. Although they assure you that you have not reached the time when great prophecies are fulfilled, you who recognize the signs and signals should remain steadfast in your understanding. It is of prime necessity for you to raise up your spirits so that you would grow at all times. You need to discern in order not to be led into works and actions that are contrary to your principles. It is urgent for humanity to have a definite path and to be equipped with knowledge so as not to abandon our King and Lord Jesus Christ by being deceived. This generation will pass through two states: one is that of excessive suffering - a state that will lead people to envy the dead.... (cf. Rev. 9:6). The other is the sublime state of enjoying Divine Love and deeply feeling the presence of our Queen and Mother. Without leaving the beginning of conversion for later: dispose yourselves to be children of the Divine Will, children of the Queen and Mother. Be ready now to ask for our assistance! If the events arrive unannounced, the fact that you are willing to be children of the Divine Will is going to be taken into account ipso facto. People of the Most Holy Trinity: serious disasters will continue to arise across the earth: tectonic faults have become fully active and there will be news of atmospheric phenomena that will affect aviation. There will be news of unforeseen floods in various countries as well as of objects coming to earth from space, without forgetting the progression of war. Be prepared! Minds taken over by evil have arranged for humanity to suffer without the technology and advancements that you enjoy, without electricity or food. Comfort will be a dream of the past. For those who live in obedience and who entrust themselves with faith and love to the Trinitarian Will and to our Queen and Mother, the events will be less of a torment. Those who live in envy of their brothers and sisters, who are impatient, proud, arrogant and disobedient towards the Will of the Trinity, will not have peace in their hearts, and what will happen will truly torment them. How many are waiting for the Warning without consciously reviewing their lives - every detail, act and deed they have committed with or without consent, in order to seek divine forgiveness and prepare themselves for the time of the Warning? The Warning is the greatest act of Divine Mercy for this generation, during which you see yourselves in a particular way, when you will experience the value of your actions or omissions. The Warning will be the moment of Divine Mercy and divine recognition for those who have sacrificed themselves and who have chosen to belong to the Most Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother. Divine Mercy is not finished: it will give other opportunities to its children after the Warning has passed. Great changes are taking place: people live viewing their fellow men as inferior, denying themselves peace. Pray children, pray: Argentina will suffer, the people will be scourged. Pray children, pray: Europe will seem deserted. Pray children, pray: the devil will decree captivity. Pray children, pray: the church will be shaken. We have been called to continue defending gods people. Our Queen and Mother are commanding this battle against evil and in the end her Immaculate Heart will triumph. Without fear, without holding back, continue in faith, placing all your actions and deeds before the Holy Trinity and entrusting yourselves to our Queen and Mother so that evil would not touch you. Onward, people of God! We have been sent to protect you. In total faithfulness towards the Holy Trinity and united with our Queen and Mother... Christ conquers, Christ reigns, Christ commands set Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

November 20 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: my Immaculate Heart will triumph and there will be Trinitarian Love throughout the earth. The earth will flow with milk and honey (num. 13:27) and the children of the Holy Trinity shall be its reflection. Beloved children: the time is now! You have fallen into wicked hands. The antidote is a fantasy whose course has been stipulated by Satan and his earthly legions. Many of my white-haired children will gradually disappear, without this being the will of the Eternal Father. Strings are being pulled: the middle-aged will follow. Unknown forms of suffering will arise unexpectedly. How my maternal heart groans! What lamentation everywhere! I call you to true, conscious, deep and convinced faith. Humanitys conversion must take place now; this is urgent so that you would discern the right path and not be like the pharisees, whom evil uses in order to penetrate where it cannot enter by itself. People of my Son, beloved of my Immaculate Heart: so much fear has been acquired in the life of the world because of rejecting my Son.... This is what makes you act without reflecting. My Sons people must pray without neglecting the holy rosary, unceasingly receiving my Son in the Holy Eucharist, duly prepared through the sacrament of reconciliation. Those who do not keep their hearts and actions on the path of Divine Truth will be unable to see what is real.... You need to convert! Everyone within this people has tasks entrusted to them. Woe to those who, having been called to a particular mission, do not take it seriously. Poor children of mine! Humility is the crown for this time; pride is a serpent that turns against those who own it. Prepare yourselves, beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray with the heart: pray children, pray for Germany; it will experience pain. Pray children, pray for France: society will rise up and suffer. Pray children, pray for the United States: pain will not go away. Pray children, pray for central America: exceedingly great suffering is coming. Pray children, pray for Puerto Rico: its soil will shake. Pray children, pray for Spain: humanity will judge it. Nature will rise up, wreaking havoc. Above human misery and rebellion, I love you as the mother of all humanity; I hold you within my Immaculate Heart, Ark of Salvation. I bless you; I offer you my motherly mantle, under cover of which you will find great teachings, these being the footprints of my divine son, unveiling Divine Mercy. Do not fear: I am your mother, I love you. My blessing is with each one of you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

November 29 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: the Divine Will calls you urgently to maintain peace, serenity and obedience. Be custodians of Divine Love and be fraternal. Be creatures of good, trusting in divine protection without neglecting what you must fully accomplish. I see so many of my children lacking in love for their neighbour, domineering and full of pride, to the delight of the devil. My pain is so strong when I see arrogance, pride, mockery, lies and falsehood prevailing in you, ignoring the calls for you to be creatures of peace and good. Humanity is rife with impostors at this time who are leading my Sons people away from all that is good and that leads you to eternal salvation. Power on earth bears the mark of those who are scourging my children by means of dark and shady alliances, cornering them and inviting them to a feast where they will be annihilated by those wolves who share a common purpose. My Sons people are rushing to receive the poisons offered to them amidst the feigned silence of those who ought to be warning them and of loud voices that are being stifled, thereby prolonging the sorrowful passion of my Son in his people. You find yourselves in chaos and yet so many of my own still do not see, do not hear, being spiritually blind and deaf! How I grieve as the mother of this generation wounded by evil! The church of my Son is being shaken, but the faith of my children who are convinced and converted must remain firm. Frightened humanity shelters silently in homes that are centres of mass concentration, where technology is predominant, ruling over you. Children of my Immaculate Heart: it is important to raise up your immune system: the body is the temple of the Holy Spirit, do not forget. It is important to increase your love for God and your neighbour, to be fraternal so that you would share your gifts, without forgetting that everything which my Son has given you in order to work in his vineyard (cf. Mt. 20) is not yours: the owner of the vineyard is my Son. You are servants in the vineyard and as good servants you must spread my Sons word, making known the Sacred Scriptures, as well as spreading these calls of Divine Love in order to train others to labour in the vineyard elsewhere. Serious events are approaching; I invite you to anoint the doors of your homes again with blessed oil or water; seal yourselves on your foreheads. Fire will fall from the sky: do not lose your sanity over this - surrender to the Divine Will and trust, invoking St. Michael the Archangel and humbly asking him to go before each one of you. Pray, my children: pray for Mexico, it will be forcefully shaken. Pray, my children: war is silently progressing. Pray, my children: the volcano on the island of La Palma will regain strength. Do not refuse this call of mine; walk towards my Son; do not be foolish - be experts in love and all the rest will be added unto you. I expect you to be convinced and converted, my children. Conversion is essential for you at this time. I pour out my motherly blessing upon those who take this call seriously, strengthening them in hope. Mother Mary. Hail Mary, most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary, most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary, most pure, conceived without sin. 

December 6 2021 - Archangel Michael
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: receive the blessing that I call down upon everyone in the name of the Divine Will, bearing fruit in those who are duly prepared in the spirit. Children of our king, I see that some of you are very confused: others are very sure of themselves, while others are mocking the Warnings of the fathers house. You have not yet understood that it is necessary for you to maintain a permanent state of peace. The devil is upon you like a roaring lion, (I pet. 5:8) people of God. Prepare yourselves: do not forget, prepare yourselves! Our beloved land of our lady of Guadalupe will be strongly shaken. If this people pray with strength, love and faith, they will be heard and the damage will be minimized. Prayers must be governed by faith and the proper state of grace of all who pray. I wish to ask a greater number of people within humanity to pray. Central America is being scourged; its soil shaken. These Christian lands have been taken over by communism; they have been served on a platter by their rulers, by those who, as stewards of evil, are preparing to offer souls as spoils to the antichrist. Be firm, people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, with no lukewarmness at this time. Examine yourselves conscientiously: this is how you must prepare yourselves, leaving behind the rags that you are carrying and which prevent you from ascending spiritually. Evil keeps you attracted to worldliness and it is vital that you do not allow yourselves to be seduced by diabolical trickery. Set out now on the path to which each one of you has been called within what has been entrusted to you, without wasting time, which is running out. Darkness is coming! Pay attention, darkness will come to earth without your expecting it. Spiritual preparation is necessary: look within yourselves - how are you acting? How is your character? Is your thinking correct or are you dominated by evil desires towards your fellow men which lead you to envy and a lack of charity? You must learn to forgive yourselves and to forgive your neighbour. Do not judge: leave judgment to God. Change your lives; do not indulge in improper desires that lead you away from our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother of the End Times. As prince of the heavenly legions, I come with truth in my mouth. I do not come to alarm you, nor to make you worried or anxious. I do not wish to frighten you, but on the contrary, I ask you: why are you frightened if you live doing good? How is it that the children of God, who work and act for good, are alarmed at revealed truth? You are the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, those who live in the shadow of their lord, fearing neither day nor night because they remain securely under divine protection. Who does not wish to know the truth of what coming in order to prepare? Fear is normal for man, although it is the children of gods task to diminish fear towards the things of our King and Lord Jesus Christ described in the Book of Revelation. Humanity is called to trust more in the Most Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother and less in itself. Remember then what you received and heard; obey it, and repent. If you do not wake up, I will come like a thief, and you will not know at what hour I will come to you. (rev. 3:3) pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Indonesia: it will suffer and suffer severely. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for the Balkans: world powers have come to this region. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Mexico: it will be severely shaken. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for the United States. You are being taken from one place to another, from one setback to the next as regards health, and there is panic: where is faith, where is I believe in you lord? Where is faith in the protection of our Queen and Mother and the protection of the angelic choirs? Onward, people of God, onward! You will never be forsaken. My legions are covering you: do not fear. St Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

December 11 2021 - Archangel Michael
Referring to the feast of our lady of Guadalupe beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: come to my Son: he awaits you with infinite love. On this date when so many of my children come to me, I ask you to remain faithful to my Son, being better children all the time, remaining faithful to the true magisterium of the church of my Son. Beloved children, prepare the refuges requested of you by my Son, as well as the homes consecrated to our sacred hearts to be refuges for those who dwell there. You must preserve what is necessary in order to subsist, without falling into confusion, always having peace in your hearts, for our sacred hearts are the refuge where you must keep yourselves duly prepared as temples of the Holy Spirit. Prepare yourselves - those of you who cannot gather what you know to be materially necessary should rest assured that my Son will send you what you need in order to subsist. Faith is indispensable on the paths of my Son and even more so when humanity sees some darkness in everything it experiences. Children, do not be confused; do not allow any mistrust towards divine protection or my protection to enter into you; do not doubt that my beloved St. Michael the Archangel remains permanently over the people of my Son. Pray, children, pray with deep faith. Do not falter: be aware of what is happening so that you might pray about it, and may my children minister to one another. This generation is experiencing what others of their generation have not experienced, causing themselves more pain and greater loneliness. Rejecting my Son, it is difficult for them to understand the divine ways: their ears are closed, their eyes do not see and their minds deny everything, leading them to enter into despair and uneasiness, into seemingly endless winter. Come back, little children! Come to my Son who is waiting for you. Come to this mother. Without doubting my maternal love, with confidence in this mother, give me your hand and advance with a light and sure step. Beloved people: you do not stand alone... You do not stand alone... You do not stand alone... I bless you; I love you. Do not be afraid. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.
 
December 11 2021 - Archangel Michael
Referring to the feast of our lady of Guadalupe beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: our queen will crush the head of Satan. Our queen, commanding the heavenly legions, causes Satan to fear. People of our queen, this feast day of your Queen and Mother is at the same time a day of advent. During advent, the people of our King and Lord prepare themselves and the people of your Queen and Mother prepare themselves. The Son is not without the mother; the Mother is not without the Son. It is during this time of waiting that the people of the Son are held by the hand of the sons mother, as a refuge of salvation. How many people rest in the protection of the maternal mantle, the mantle that covered our King and Lord Jesus Christ! I call you to present your whole being to your Queen and Mother so that she might keep you clean faced by the insinuations of the devil. Without declining in faith, as a faithful people, being faithful children of your Queen and Mother, heed the multiple calls that you receive and strengthen your hope of a better tomorrow, where peace will be your food and Divine Love the sun that continually enlightens you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

December 19 2021 - Archangel Michael
Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, divine blessing is for all. As prince of the heavenly legions, I call you to pray from the heart, to offer a moment of your day to intercede for one another as children of the same father. The threats looming over humanity will continue; the darkness advances without stopping. The powers will go from threats to arms, making all humanity live in anxiety and in the penury of everything necessary for human subsistence. I protect you, and in order to protect you I must first announce to you what you will be facing, in order that each person individually might make amends spiritually, be a creature of faith and then prepare themselves. Great suffering will befall mankind as the changing of the times approaches. The power of our King and Lord is infinite. Who is like God? There is none like God! On earth there are economic powers presenting themselves with human power, supplanting gods power and causing severe damage to man. Be children attached to true doctrine - creatures of faith and perseverance. At this time, little by little, the devil is undermining people who are walking beside our King and Lord Jesus Christ, filling them with arrogance, impatience, pride and selfishness. Pay attention, people of God! Some are falling because of their possessions and contempt for the Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother. Humanity must be focused spiritually, must be more of God, otherwise the devil will lead it to fall into the greatest sins of the flesh, such as have never been committed before. Under the protection of the Holy Spirit, discern the works and acts to be done. The seal of evil is soon to be placed upon humanity: whoever has ears, let him hear. (Lk 6:8-13; rev.2:11) discern children of God, discern. The principal global institutions have submitted in obedience to the earthly powers, and humanity is denied. The new antichrists will make themselves known until the master of iniquity appears. Children of God, you are protected by the Most Holy Trinity, by our Queen and Mother and by the heavenly armies if you are creatures of good, doers of the Divine Will. I bless you; remain sheltered in the shadow of the highest. Do not fear, keep the faith, do not fear. I hold my sword up high as a sign of protection for each one of you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

December 23 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: I call you to take shelter in my womb, a sure refuge for my Sons people. Are you looking for material shelters without preparing the shelter of the spirit? Children of my Son, people of my Son: firstly, be spiritual beings with hearts of flesh, with pure feelings and fraternity; be Sowers of hope, lovers of peace and concord, orderly in your works and behaviour, respectful and cultivated in your relations with your brothers and sisters. Be people who value the work of your brothers and sisters, respecting them so that your fellow men would respect you. It was the simple who came to the manger where the saviour of humanity was born - those who kept working, shepherding their flocks. As my Son shepherds his flock - all of you wherever you are, so he grieves over the falls of each one of his children and rejoices when just one returns to his side. The little and divine baby Jesus, whom I held in my arms from his birth, marked the works and behaviour of his children, for whom he came into the world to be the saviour of humanity. Three kings came from distant lands to adore him, and divine blessing departed with them. Similarly, those who wish to remain with my Son must know that he does not reside in a physical land of his own, but that in order to be recognized as a child of my Son, a person must pass through arid lands where they are sometimes overwhelmed by loneliness, where the thirst to seek shelter in the things of the world almost overcomes their strength, where the lack of food tends to lead them to seek it in other lands where there is an abundance of food that poisons the soul. My children, I wish to keep you within my womb - Ark of Salvation and refuge of each one of you, in the face of so much pain that is coming as a consequence of the evil that has taken hold of those who, through economic power, have set out to spread despair on earth among my children, paving the way for the antichrist, scourging this generation whose wrong works and behaviour has allowed evil to penetrate. I have already called my children to remain attentive to the sun; it will interfere with humanitys apparent calm, forcefully shaking the earth, activating highly dangerous tectonic fault lines and volcanoes. We have called you to prepare yourselves for living without the comforts offered by electricity and means of communication. Children, prepare yourselves! The suffering already announced is this, not something else. Continue to live by the spirit, praying with the heart, not praying what comes to your minds out of fear. Prayers in which fear and unease do not allow you to pray with the heart or to meditate so that the divine spirit may guide you, are a long way from being prayer. Maintain your peace, my children; maintain your serenity and trust that the Holy Trinity have arranged for the protection of their people, and their people are all those who have repented or repent with a firm purpose of amendment in order to live in the way of the Divine Will, knowing that God is Alpha and Omega (rev. 22,13) and that nothing is impossible for God. Children, you are wondering: is our mother really calling us to her Son seriously and vehemently on this night of the birth of the infant Jesus? Children - few of my children await the solemnity of the birth of my child Jesus with the respect and love that he deserves. They live Christmas eve in the hubbub of the world, in the midst of vices, on beaches and not in their families. They experience Christmas in that same environment, without respect for or acknowledgement of the saviour of humanity. Saint Joseph  and I look at them with pain! I see how they replace my Son, the saviour of mankind with a colourful figure who distracts the hearts of the little ones from true recognition of the birth of my Son, the redeemer of humanity. I call you to prayer with the heart and to place in the manger the best of offerings to my Son: conversion. I bless you, children, and I invite you not to fear, but to trust. I love you, children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

December 27 2021 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: in union with my child Jesus, I call you to continue on the way towards conversion. It is urgent that you understand that conversion is continuous: it concerns every moment. It means bearing my Son, grafted into your life of communion with him. It means receiving him in the Eucharist, in fulfilling and living out the commandments and the sacraments. People of my Son, conversion is constant. Human beings must realize that they are living a process of conversion. Each step of the person who walks towards conversion is one more step towards living out the sermon on the mount. My childrens hearts are constantly anxious. Because of this, committing yourselves to a life in my Son gives you peace, gives you hope and increases your faith because my Son is love, and that is what those who decide to follow in his footsteps receive. Children, if you are in a life of sin, repent and change! Call upon me, knowing that you will not succeed on your own. I will not abandon you: I am your mother, keeping you by my side and correcting you when you are not on the right path. Beloved people of my Son, obey the call to humility, to fraternity, to faith. Faith that increases with the Eucharistic food, faith that increases with prayer born of the heart in recollection, without distractions, prayer born of a pure and peaceful heart. Remain on spiritual alert, for evil is lying in wait for my Son's people. I invite you to unite as my Son's people and, in his likeness, to give to the needy. I ask you for an act of charity towards your fellow man on December 29th. I invite you as my Son's people to unite in an act of fraternity towards your neighbour and help those in need on December 30th. I invite you to unite as my Son's people and give joy to a child on December 31st. In this way you will begin with a heart cantered on good deeds. These actions will demonstrate to evil that the people of my Son are not asleep. This January 1st, I invite you to be one with your brothers and sisters, to love your fellow men, to be grateful for the deeds and acts of your brothers and sisters towards you. I invite you to be authentic, improving in your spiritual life. You will improve by being better children of my Son and blessings will be drawn to you. People of my Son, I look upon those who refuse to change. These children of mine do not see themselves, and that is very dangerous at this time in the face of the wiles of the devil. I call you to pray to the Most Holy Trinity in your morning prayers that you would recognize my beloved angel of peace. I call you to pray for my Sons church: this prayer is urgent. Children of my Immaculate Heart, I beg you to pray for peace in the world. I call each one of you who form the people of my Son to personal prayer, so that each of you would ask for discernment before attending to what you are called to in general. You have been sealed with the blood of my Son and need no other seal. Not everything that seems good for humanity really is so. People of my Son, I love you, I protect you and bless you. Pray for your brothers and sisters who are blinded by the things of the world. Pray in peace. Salvation is attainable at all times for human beings until the final breath of life. Have faith. A people with faith are needed. Do not lose faith. Each of the stars on my mantle multiply to infinity in order to illuminate the path of each one of my children. Receive my special blessing. My Immaculate Heart will triumph. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 
