January 04 2012 - Jesus Christ
My dear children, my food is love and with it I lead you. The moment will come when My children will say that I judge very harshly the path already traveled. Humanity will forget that it has abused My Mercy. Too many will fall on the road, being lukewarm. It will be a great struggle for those who want to keep the eyes of the soul clean. The flesh will ensnare man and will be one of the great temptations. Modernists against morality are a great insult to my Heart, and those who call themselves my followers continue to fall into sins of the flesh, because the human mind is completely controlled to lead you away from these pleasures. Sensuality is a trap set for man to persist in serious errors. Evil fights for souls in a bloody battle. I encourage you to oxygenate the windows of your heart, to empty them of all that pulls you towards perdition. Fashions are gradually causing women to fall and men to disguise themselves as women. Femininity is used for evil and is the cause of temptation. There will come a moment, albeit belatedly, when man will realize that love for what is earthly drags him towards evil. Only each person's desire to be respected will truly lead him to respect his neighbor. These are the moments when the pupils of man's eyes have failed to remove the cobweb that prevents them from seeing things differently. Human reason and intelligence have been soiled by all that surrounds them. Children, do you want to change the world? Change yourselves first, and you will see abundant fruit. Don't be like hypocrites who claim to do what they don't actually do. This moment is for heroes who do not look at themselves, but give everything for Me. This moment is not for those who claim to love me, but maintain human respect. This moment is not for those who are not sincere and push aside my affairs for their personal interests. In every act and work I allow, I pour out blessings in abundance. The ignorance of the majority towards the events that hang over humanity has overwhelmed the brightest. All those who should be discussing the scientific events that will make peace and truth prevail in the world are silent out of fear. The waters are badly shaken, changes will come suddenly, humanity will suffer from nature to the throne of Peter, who will be in shock, and my people will fall into the wrong hands. Great changes are ahead, because man has not changed no matter how many beneficial revelations I send. Therefore, you will receive the fruit of your dullness. The moment is shortened more each time.... Evil fuels the fire of free will. Scientific progress will cause more damage than man could have imagined and will be the fruit of a lack of control in managing it. As for food, it will unexpectedly become radioactively contaminated. The lamentation begins, inside the earth boils like a cauldron, great pains begin their journey. You will learn that you must give to Caesar what is Caesar's, and to me what is mine. You want to change too many ordinances in my church, and you severely scourge it. Man does not stop to consider the state of his soul, his conduct and his morality. The last will be the first and the first will be the last. Chaos makes me descend to save my people, in Glory and Majesty. I will come for those who remain in faith and eagerly await my second coming. These, however, do not prepare to receive me, they continue their lives the same, they talk and discuss, but do not make a firm intention to change their ways. I speak for those who remain silent. I am a shield for my believers. I am who I am. I protect my people. I am the column of clouds, I am manna, I am Mercy, peace and humility. Woe to those who beat their breasts, but their insides are full of filth! I am hope, you are not alone, remain faithful to my calls. You are not walking alone, I am the way. This moment is for reconsidering and deciding to change completely. I do not want children doing the opposite of my requests and my Commandments. These souls live in constant danger of falling and not rising again. Look to the heights, the signs do not wait for your discernment. The goodness of My mercy remains with the merciful. My truth goes with the one who lives and practices the truth. My wisdom remains with the one who is humble. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 07 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My hands remain open, emanating mercy. My Mother seeks you with love to bring you into the fold. The moments are approaching in which the disposition of my faithful will be a support for humanity. Decide to convert, do not keep your being subjected to worldly meanness. There is no time for hesitation, you will understand that the decision is one. 'I will spit out those who are lukewarm. The disposition of my faithful is necessary to help my Church in moments of pain. It is not enough to say that you love me, you must live it and put it into practice. You claim to believe in one God, and you keep your being inflamed with worldly gods that do not let you walk, but roll you in the mud. You claim to believe, and you do not see Me in your fellow man. You claim to believe, and you refuse to raise your voices against genocides, against those who maim the innocent, against those who harness power to keep all of humanity in the face of the greatest chaos that history has recorded. Beloved: my children must be resolute and form one battalion to defend humanity. You do not need leaders, you need decisions and availability. Be sincere among yourselves. At these moments, my people remain in passivity. My people cannot sleep, my people must be vigilant. Children: awaken your consciences to lead you to recognize where the evil is. What work does each of you sustain in my mystical body? I encourage my ministers to warn my people against those plagues that today undermine the Sacramental institution of marriage. The threat remains over humanity and some expect it from above. No, children, from above will come blessing. The threat is born of man himself with the rise of evil and through nuclear manipulation, which will devastate when the earth shakes. Pray, children, pray. Humanity will see itself subjected to plague by volcanoes. Pray for Japan, she will suffer. Pray, the warning itself is a sign of mercy. The moment will come when man will raise his voice toward me, crying out for my eyes to turn toward him. I know those who will truly repent. I will not abandon you, you are my children. Pray to my Mother, She loves you all without distinction. In the face of the purification of mankind, my Mother is the Ark of Salvation. Turn to her, she will bring you to my lap. My heart opens, come to me. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 11 2012 - Mother of God
Children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I love you, I have guided you through the centuries, in all places where the Divine Will has allowed me to make myself present, crying out for transformation, crying out for conversion. I have waited patiently and continue to wait patiently, because the children of my Son deny my calls, deny my presence, deny my revelations throughout the world. In the end times I have truly revealed myself through some of my images, through which I weep over humanity, weep over sin, weep over disobedience, weep over thoughtlessness, weep over immorality, weep over lack of faith, but as Mother I protect all people in my Heart and love more those who despise me. I bless all of you and call you to turn to the infinite mercy of my Son. My Son despises none of His own. Mankind must reflect and must have faith. Sin is growing like the Tower of Babel; in its sinful madness, evil is invading the mind, senses and heart of my Son's people. With how much pain I see some of my priests pulling down my holy image from the altars! But from the heart of my priests no one will be able to take me away, I lead them until the last moment, just as I remain in the heart of each of my children, fighting against that human will which is taken over by darkness. Beloved children, do not underestimate this call, do not be deluded by obtuse irreligious prophecies that lead you to fear nature more than you respect and love God. It is true that my Son allowed man to receive his own measure. It is true that creation vomits man's sin. It is true that the bowels of the earth tremble before man's disobedience and lack of humility. But above all, it is necessary to maintain the holy fear of God out of love for Him, respect for Him and gratitude to Him. What is coming is difficult, do not try to obscure the signs more, they are final and will become more frequent. You know that from heaven will come the great purification that man has spawned, but after the great purification will come from heaven the blessing. Do not forget that my Son is Love and Mercy, but He is also a Just and Righteous Judge. I have made a pilgrimage throughout human history from door to door, from heart to heart, from mind to mind, and I will continue to do so until the last moment. I call upon you to be an example, to witness the presence of my Son in you, and to witness the presence of this Mother in you. I call out to all my children today for the youth, so that those of you who are older may be an example to them. In this unstoppable run, towards the search for different and new emotions and distractions, the youth have allowed themselves to be completely wrapped up in darkness. These young people have embraced the darkness and wrapped themselves in it; immodesty and immorality are in them. And you, fathers and mothers of families: as fathers and mothers, you must be an example. You who are elders must be an example. With what authority are you going to call for the conversion or change of young people to whom you yourselves set an example of debauchery. How are you going to forbid them from carnal debauchery and vice when those who are older behave inappropriately in the eyes of the youth and children, or leave their homes with friends who are uncomfortable in the gaze and minds of your children? Stop my children, stop; get a grip on your impulses, get a grip on inappropriate behavior, so that you can keep the children and this youth with authority, because as a Mother I need your help, your help in getting them back, in the few moments that are left to this generation. I encourage you, I urge you to stop, to reconsider and open your eyes, to stop denying the signs that all of creation offers you, so that man becomes conscious. My beloveds: the moment is short, more so than you imagine. If you thought about time and thought that this present is a moment, you would stop changing. Beloved children, pray for Denmark, for it will suffer greatly. Pray for the Netherlands, she will suffer greatly. Pray for Brazil, she will continue to suffer. And now I call upon you to be moderate in the way you dress and to cease all that incites the masses to sin, to sin and to sin even more. People of my Son: my beloved ones, my Immaculate Heart is wide open, and my hands are ready to receive all who call upon me: long live Mary most pure, without sin conceived. My Son keeps His mercy open. My Son needs a spiritual people, a people who call upon Him in every situation, a people who keep Him present not only in their minds, but who carry Him in their hearts. My Son desires a renewed people, a true people. I am here, do not be afraid. I will lead you towards the heavenly home, I will lead you towards my Son, just let me lead you and do not plug your ears to my cries. I will continue to call and warn, warn and love, love and guide all mankind. I bless you, I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 15 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved nation, I bless you. My Divine Love is spreading to all mankind, so that you will soon enjoy a land flowing with milk and honey. Do not reject my calls. I call on you to rise from the mud. I created you to be happy and to take care of creation. I see the earth destroyed by the hand of man. I see mankind heading towards self-destruction. Children, be defenders of the faith, be truthful. Do not be afraid to be truthful, truth is a great freedom. Be humble and small, this moment is for the humble, for those who are like children. What is coming is foretold in the Scriptures, at this moment I am explaining my love, my merciful word to all my human children, so that you will not be lost. Only the one who thinks he knows more, judges, the one who is more humble, does not judge, keeps a pure heart and leaves this power in my care. Unite, do not disunite, the weak point of my battalion of souls is disunity. The world walks with great indifference, those who know me do not speak to him about me, they have forgotten me and despise me. The earth groans with the pain of its bowels. Pray, children, for Chile, it will suffer. Pray for the United States, it will suffer. Pray, Asia will suffer. Pray for each other, all are children of the same Father. Beloved children, do not be afraid to speak the truth. Do not be afraid to share my word. Each of you is more of an apostle, and this is how you should act: be true, without masks or disguises. 'Do not be afraid, I am with you. My children do not live in the midst of affluence or wealth, or worldly comforts, or among those who praise them. My children live by suffering for being My children, and in this they derive glory. Do not be afraid to approach me. You are people endowed with intelligence, and for many years I have urged you to look around you, to notice the signs of the times, to observe the behavior of animals. I have encouraged you to pay attention to the climatic seasons and their variability. Today, I encourage you to pray for young people and for the souls of those in power. Woe to them! 'To whom much has been given, from him much is required. Pray for those who, having eyes, have them obscured by indifference and arrogance. Act on the contrary: love as I love, so that in your heart you may retain humanity and be as I am. Fight, My beloved apostles, fight with the weapons of My Love. Do not be afraid, I hold My hand over My people. I bless you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 18 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I love you, I cover you with my maternal mantle to protect you from the darkness, from the evil that prevails among mankind. My maternal mantle does not allow evil thoughts, evil deeds and evil will into your minds, as long as you are aware that you must act and work united with the love of my Son and the example of this Mother. Be creatures of faith. Even if you cannot see, believe, because my angelic legions remain on earth, guarding the people of my Son. The dragon rises strongly but quietly, making no noise, and will cause the destruction of mankind in unexpected ways. Do not believe that my calls are false. As the Mother of Jesus Christ, I have gladly accepted all of humanity as my children, and I cry out for you before the throne of the Holy Trinity, so that the evil one will not defeat you easily. I call upon you to feed on the Body and Blood of my Divine Son, Divine Food, Divine Food, so that you may be strengthened and not fall without being able to rise. I urge you to distance yourselves from what is worldly, from what you know well to be temptation. These are very difficult times for this generation. Soon you will say with lament: how come I didn't listen to Heaven's calls! It is never too late for a truly repentant heart. My Son is Infinite Love and I intercede every moment for every member of humanity. A star will be highlighted high in the sky, announcing to all mankind that my Son is near. Do not be afraid, this is a sign of Salvation! My Heart opens again filled with love for my children. My Heart burns again with love for each of you. My Heart hurts again and I shed tears many times in the various countries that will suffer. Already the earth is tired and longs to be renewed. Its upheavals will not cease until this generation is purified. But all who submit to purification, in the mighty name of my Son, gain heaven. You must be instructed, know my Son, so that you may love Him. Be obedient and faithful children, be attentive in spiritual matters, so that you will not brand my people with fanaticism, but that they will admire you for your faithfulness and for your love of my Son's calls. Turn your eyes to Heaven, the signs are still being given, but some do not want to see them. Beloved of my Heart, immerse yourselves in the Word of my Son with perseverance and with love. Get to know the one you claim to love, so that you may love in spirit and truth. As Mother, I remain before each of you, helping you at every moment, so that the Holy Spirit may give you the clarity and discernment necessary in these moments when humanity is divided into two parts: those who believe and those who claim not to believe, but sometimes believe. Beloved children, what I have announced to you has already been announced by me in previous years and years through all my revelations and apparitions. You know well that they all reach their climax in this generation i.... I am not telling you about the end of times, but I am telling you about this generation that must go through the crucible because it has abused God's mercy and goodness. But like a Mother who never abandons her children, I will remain with each of you, with the people of my Son, guiding you and taking you by the hand to save the one who truly repents. I do not abandon you. Pray, beloved children, for China. Pray, beloved children, for Russia. Pray, my children, pray for Iran. I love you, I bless you, I protect you, and I encourage you constantly to pray for all mankind, so that the prayers of the saints will descend in blessing upon all mankind. Remain in the peace of my Son. My heart remains open, come, enter into it and so you will be protected. Mother Mary. Most holy Mary, be greeted Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 21 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. My beloved children are the reason why I continually come to bring you the commands of my Son, which at the same time are mine. Humanity must recognize that the lack of spirituality weakens it greatly. I encourage you to be aware of the great blessing that humanity can count on: the Body and Blood of my Son are truly food coming down from Heaven, present on the altar and a true Miracle of Love for humanity. In the Eucharistic food man finds: - a foothold that strengthens him to continue living, - strength to overcome temptations, - perseverance to endure in the midst of attacks that threaten humanity. The earth is man's common home, a home where inequality radiates everywhere, a home where sin is continually on the rise. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, science is the first of the main causes of pain for human beings of this generation; science has sought to surpass my Son. Some scientists have given free rein to free will, directing it to create weapons that will eliminate a large part of humanity. I warned against this, and you did not obey. Beloved children, there is disorder on Earth. It will cause great suffering. The sun itself has poured into the Earth and changed man so that he behaves aggressively, because by ignoring the Divine Power over him, man makes himself permeable. Pray beloved ones, pray for Japan. She will suffer again. Pray children, pray for Peru. Pray children, pray for Serbia and Montenegro, pray. Steam will emerge from the Earth, which will cause torment. I encourage you to repent. I urge you to pray. You cannot go without food, without prayer, without recognizing that God is God and you are creatures. I, as Mother, call you to see the reality of what you are living. Conversion is necessary. Pray, pray, pray. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 25 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you, I bless you, as the pilgrim Mother of Humanity. Once again, I repeat that my call is universal. From this place where I am, surrounded by my priests, privileged sons of my Heart, dedicated faithfully to the service of the Church, privileged by my Son Jesus Christ. Surrounded by my beloved nuns, wives of my Son. Surrounded by those faithful souls who are struggling consciously, every moment, to take steps toward eternal life. From this place I address the whole world, all of humanity. Moments are coming that are extremely difficult spiritually and in all other aspects of human life. Everything can be overcome if a person is filled with faith and it is strong and solid, set on unshakeable rock and not on shifting sands. Beloved children, at this moment you must be willing and ready for a spiritual metamorphosis, so that you allow Jesus, living and beating, who lives in each of you, to be reborn in you. All human beings are tabernacles, but human will prevents him from doing so, and my Son finds himself imprisoned and cast far from these temples created in the image and likeness of God's image. At this time, humanity must realize the indispensable need for radical change. 'Those who are lukewarm, those who are lukewarm, I will sweep away,' says the Word of God. And I, as a Mother, come to implore my children to listen to my cry and my lament, because I do not want any of you to be lost. You must distance yourselves from this leprosy that you carry within you, the leprosy of transgressions, bad habits, but above all the leprosy of human selfishness, which grows every day like a giant and exalts itself above spiritual values. This leprosy has a name, this leprosy is egoism, the human 'ego' that has arisen in you from birth and has led you to grow inappropriately. At any moment you have the opportunity to change, and this is the very moment when, moreover, what you desire, what you sigh for and what you long for, above human desires is the Commandment of Love. When you stop looking at yourselves and when love for your brother and sister prevails, then you will experience this spiritual metamorphosis. All of you have this infinite beauty of the divine image, you carry it within you, but you keep it imprisoned and the leprosy bites not only your body, but has entered your heart, biting your soul. Beloved children, how I foretold that the times would come when my beloved Church, because it is the Church of my Son and my beloved Church, would be crucified again! Times when the apostasy will come and my Son's faithful will have to gather like the first Christians. And this is because mankind has preferred science tainted by evil to God's teaching. You call technology, you call scientific progress what is in fact scientific regression, because science and technology at the moment are set on killing the spirit and killing man, on bringing spiritual death and death to life, wake up, wake up! When I encourage you to look at the signs in the firmament, it is not just to delight you or to make you fearful, but to see that there is light emanating from Heaven to earth, and that this light must be seen in the essence of each of you. You make evil grow, and with evil grows the devil. The devil exists as long as man feeds on hatred, misunderstanding, lack of love, indifference and selfishness, among other things. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, know the Holy Scriptures so that you may love Him who, throughout human history, in the Old and New Testaments, has given man eternal life, giving in the Old Testament His word as Father through His prophets, and in the New Testament giving Himself in His Son, my Son Jesus Christ, and leaving His disciples to continue at all times to carry His word and invite man to conversion. I spoke of those days when many of my priests, because of human judgments, will no longer call on the people of my Son with all the necessary intensity to change, but as the Mother of Humanity, I must call each thing by its name. There are religious groups, but this Mother comes to plead that these religious groups be communities where people love each other in spirit and truth. That they be spiritual tabernacles where the word of my Son is truly lived, where there is no jealousy and envy, but you love each other as brothers and sisters, where human selfishness is crushed with pain, but with true consciousness, so that these children who live in each of you will be reborn and that they will radiate light to all humanity. Transform yourselves, look at yourselves! Now is the moment of moments when I again call for prayer for Japan, which will suffer. In which I call and have already called strongly for prayer for the United States, which will suffer greatly. In which I cry out for prayer for Chile. In which I cry out for every person. Help each other, everyone intercede for their brothers and sisters, even if you don't know each other personally. I spoke of the times to come, in which you will see some of your brothers and sisters rise up to proclaim the word of my Son and bring my Word to humanity. Do not be a hindrance to them. Let the heart of those true spiritual children who pray and help those who carry the word of my Son to all mankind rejoice and be glad! Blessed are the doors of homes that open to give dwelling to those who share the word of my Son with their brothers and sisters! Blessed are the hands that help, blessed are the feet that support the path of my evangelizers.... and woe to those who are a hindrance! Since the previous revelations, I have been entrusted with the role of messenger, Mother, giver, Ark of Salvation for this generation. Here I stand before you, bearing witness to this, so that mankind may believe. Time is not of the essence, and before your eyes will be fulfilled what I have announced. You will see it with amazement, because this Mother does not come to her children with empty words. Pray, ask the Holy Spirit to enlighten your mind and the consciences of the young to return to being children of deep spirituality. This spirituality that is lacking in youth is a reflection of the spirituality that is lacking in adults. Children, rise up, abandon this tainted flesh that reaches down to the heart and hardens it; let me with my hands soften your stony hearts and give yourselves completely into the arms of my Son. Everyone has eternal life ahead of him, but everyone must struggle, because eternal life is personal. Let each of you be a messenger of the love of my Son, of the love of this Mother, of this Christ who, being innocent, gave Himself up for you and who is now still being crucified. Be those who listen, read and treasure my calls, be a comfort to my Son and to this Mother. The unity of my children is the antidote so that evil does not penetrate the Church, homes and communities. Forward beloved children, forward in unity and in fulfilling the Commandment of love. Abide in the peace of my Son. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 28 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, receive my love. I am pouring out My Blessing upon mankind. Every Word of Mine heard by My human beings is Salvation emanating from My Mercy upon the soul that desires to repent. I will press upon mankind, motivating them to make a radical change in which the truth will be the means and the way to Salvation, and thus will be a testimony to man. This generation has fallen and will fall even more if there is not a radical change, centered on truth, on brotherly love and on awareness of your works and deeds. My heart remains open to all, but I do not force but embrace, I do not impose but call. I am Freedom. Beloved children, humanity as a whole is moving towards the end of a cyclic process due to the abuse of your free will. Man will know that he is heading for the abyss when he recognizes My greatness. Pride is the Mother of all evil. Love is the cure for all evil. My creation has been mutilated and at this moment asks man to repair what he has cut, damaged, removed and amputated. My creation regains its usurped strength and rushes toward man so that he will not stray and return to the path of Salvation. The earth will shake with force, and man will not listen; water will rush against the earth, and man will not listen; fire will raise its voice, will roar from volcanoes again and again, and man will not listen. Science will continue to give irrational but plausible explanations to mankind, so that mankind will continue its accelerated pace toward self-destruction. Without contemplating what is happening in the light of the wisdom of my Holy Spirit, you will never be able to see what my House warns you about, not only for those who are listening to my calls at the moment, but to warn the lost and those who do not even know or recognize me. I call on you to look at the firmament before the rain comes. The great luminous cloud will tell you that I am coming not only with My Mercy, but also with My Justice. Children, pray for Israel, for it will mourn. Pray for Russia, it will lament. Pray for Venezuela, she will soon suffer. My dear children, the moment is approaching. I stand before each of you. It will not be necessary for one brother to call on another to recognize me. Each will have me before him and will know that I am who I am. This fall in which you live is short and severe for him who, having ears, does not listen to Me, and for him who, having a tongue, does not confess Me. Children, my Love is constantly renewed to be living water for each of you. Come to me. I leave you my Blessing. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 01 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I love you, you are the pupil of my eye. I am staying on earth, the fruit of my Father's hands. My Heart is grieved, it is overwhelmed. I see the Earth and look back with sorrow. I look for souls, and there are few who give light, there are few who keep the lamp lit. How many innocents wander the streets! How many innocents are subject to insults and contempt! How many murders in the world due to indiscriminate abortion and ignorance of the gift of life! With sadness I look at this land of mine, where my children have banished me. I see this and I descend, knocking on all the doors of your Hearts, and you close them to me constantly. My children think I am foolish, absurd, out of time and they push me aside. I have spoken to my people, and when I speak to them warning them, the Tower of Babel they are building grows, only out of a desire to silence me. Children, you do not like the truth, the truth does not suit you. The powerful exalt themselves on their thrones. Some distribute evil in various forms: some with weapons, others darken the minds of the youth, others maintain control over nations and dominate through money. Substances allowed to fertilize fields are not good for the development of the human body. The minds of people, my children, are being brainwashed, preparing them for the massive control that the antichrist has in his hands, and his legion that is already here on Earth, preparing the way for him to come to possess what is mine. Fashion is not compatible with modesty, morality, order or goodness. The Earth will become dark again, like the heart of those who are mine at this time. I have called you to love in order to destroy evil. You insist on indifference, on intolerance and live by appearances. I call on you to be true, not to be Christians in name, to be my beloved in spirit and truth. Truth is extremely important for my children. I preach, I preach and I will preach the truth and I want you to be true, to preach the truth and for it to dwell in each of you. I command my children to speak according to the truth. Pray, children, for South America, she will suffer. Pray for Mexico, it will weep. Pray for the Philippines, it will shake. Do not turn away from each other. My law is my Love. My law is faith. My law is brotherhood. Brotherhood among all people. I could send My angelic legions to Earth, but you must live in My Will. My angels continually descend from Heaven to Earth, bringing blessings to my people, and you refuse to recognize them. Instead, you despise them and pay no attention to them. Beloved children, the expected moment is approaching, do not hesitate to return to the path. Take the coming moments seriously, because later you will lament and the time that is no longer time, the present moment, will pass. Since my Father began creation, He created time along with it. Time is eternal, just as eternal is our will. Today man abuses this will, abuses My Mercy and abuses this moment, refusing to return to the true path. Love My Mother, do not disregard Her calls, for She makes a pilgrimage from place to place, calling you and inviting you to conversion. Do not be foolish and stubborn, listen to My calls. I look at the earth and my tears cannot be held back in the face of the sin of my children's disobedience to my calls. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 05 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I bless your existence. I see that you are persevering in your search for the messages or mysteries given by My Mother in revelations, but with a certain curiosity and not with a desire to change or to free yourselves from the senses to which your own freedom has chained you. I encourage you to free yourself from the senses that have attached you to the temporal. Your senses should remain free so that you can hear my voice before darkness falls and night prevents you from seeing yourself. Each of you at this time should be a light to your brothers and sisters. I ask you to change and not to offend me again. Come to receive my Body and Blood in the Holy Eucharist. So that I can guide you towards goodness. Children, a new fashion is coming. It has been prepared by those who do not love Me. You must resist this new fashion, lest you once again transgress the culmination of the offenses with which you have wounded Me. These calls of mine are for you to renew the truth within you. He who does not walk in the truth does not walk correctly and does not act spiritually. Man today is accustomed to not seeking the truth about himself. This is not a blessing, because the Holy Spirit dwells where there is peace. Not everyone who says 'Lord! Lord!" will enter My House. You must be true worshippers of My Commandments, you must see Me in your neighbor and be humble. My temples are deserted, and in the very temples my children go to, some don't even recognize me, because they only get there by chance. Having turned to all their friends and found no answers in moments of difficulty and desolation, they come to me, demanding a solution. This is the man who dominates the earth, this is the one who, in the day of great lamentation, will remember that we have already told him all this. A plague is spreading on earth. Pray and do not forget me, pray and forgive. Beloved children, pray for Mexico, for it will suffer greatly. Pray for Italy, they will weep. Pray for Chile, it will suffer again. Bless you, children, bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 08 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, I love you immeasurably and you know it. I encourage you to carry my Cross as a sign of unity, but let this Cross remain permanently embodied in the depths of your being. There are those who clothe themselves externally with Sacramentals, and these signs of faith produce the effect of needed grace, help and protection if the child is firm, remains in a state of grace, trusts and lives on the path of faith; otherwise they are just one more adornment. My true children must live according to my teachings, they must be spiritualized and first observe the Commandment to love me and their neighbor as themselves. You don't love your neighbor because you don't love yourself, you don't love this most precious gift of life, you don't love yourself inwardly and you expose yourself to the worldly and sinful. All this I said, all this I said, all this is written in the Holy Scriptures. There is nothing to add, but as a father of love and concern for my children, I try to explain in a thousand and one ways by a thousand and one examples what is already written. I'm not a God of silence, I'm not a God of passivity; I'm a God who constantly cares for his children, fights for them, and that's why I won't be silent even at the last moment, because I didn't offer my blood just for this moment and it has passed. My passion continues in the current state, my Love continues in the current state, my blood continues in the current state, and I desire to save all people at every moment. As the father of love, I give and will continue to give many examples so that my children will return to the path, come out of the darkness and rise from the filthy mud in which they are immersed. I call upon my faithful and beloved priests to proclaim my word constantly, with a vehement and intense call, as I have done, so that my people will return to the path of light. There are few who raise their voices and speak to my people so that they will reflect and not join the ranks of sin; there are few who cry out forcefully against the murder of abortion. Mankind, and especially the youth, is plunging into drugs, getting closer and closer to the evil one every time. The devil does not need to tempt souls, because man's ingenuity pleases the devil himself. Man and woman were created as separate sexes, and the relationship between the same sexes is not in accordance with My Will. There are few of My faithful children who share their goods among the hungry with strength and courage, and despise luxuries and comforts. My disciples left their home and their belongings, walked barefoot and, as followers of their Master, even gave their garments to those who had nothing. I call on the parents of families that are so difficult to raise at the moment to become aware and be strong towards their children, to take the responsibility they have and that will fall on them if they do not lead their children along the straight path. I call on young people to reflect on respecting your parents, to reflect on the path you are walking on, where you are poisoning your bodies with inappropriate substances, where your mind is immersed in movies and products that lead you to deplorable behavior. Today I ask religious leaders, those who lead religious groups, and committed laymen to stop and look within themselves. They must exemplify my works and my deeds, they must be real, more spiritual than religious, more spiritualized. Religiosity abounds, spirituality is rare. At this time, my child must be a child who understands and comforts, who sees everything that happens and reflects on it, who has a thirst for souls, who is consistent and coherent in his works and actions, who does not think he possesses absolute truth and who treats his brothers and sisters with the same My Love. That it sees needs before they are presented to it, and that it helps those who are in need, not only material need, but also that which is common today: spiritual need. My Church must be a united Church that preaches and acts. Houses must be united, because no divided house will prevail: it will collapse, be divided and fall. This is the strategy of the devil, who divides everything he sees in his path, to destroy my people, step by step, stealthily. This humanity is facing decisive moments and does not want to understand, because it suits it more to live in sin than to sacrifice itself, than to deprive itself of all that distances it from me. I feel a prisoner in humanity, imprisoned and blinded, but even with this blindfold you have put on me, I remain attentive and know more than what you imagine, because you are my children and I love you. Warn the young ones to wake up. With what sadness, with what sorrow this Christ, who shed His blood for these young people, sees how evil consumes them through everything they receive, and stuns them so that they do not think that they do not desire Me, that they are young people without a Mother! You, committed young people, I urge you to be real, true! Warn your brothers and sisters to realize the evil they are in at the moment. There is a need for awakening and rebirth, it is necessary that internally each person is ready to be reborn, to change in all aspects of his life. My second coming is near, it is very near, and I will not come in silence, my archangels will announce me so that every person, every creature will know that their King is coming. But first I will allow everyone to cleanse themselves of their works and deeds. I need from those who follow Me to call 'good, good' and 'evil, evil'. Pray, pray my people for Asia, she will suffer, she will lament and cry a lot. Pray my children for Mexico, do not abandon it in your prayers. Pray for all creatures of humanity. Intercede for each other, because you have not put a blindfold on my eyes, you have put it on yourselves, you have put it on yourselves so that you do not see the sinful reality in which this humanity lives and the unlimited path you have taken. O my creation! I love you because my Love is real, because my Love was, is and will be. O my creatures! I love you because my Love was, is and will be. For I am the same yesterday, today and always. My suffering is continuous and does not cease. I have asked my Mother to remain by your side and defend you, but she finds herself with her hands tied in the face of a humanity that rejects her. Beloved priests, love my Mother. She leads you to me. My Church, love my Mother. She leads you to me. I am waiting for you with open arms, with my Heart beating for each of you. I bless you every moment, do not despise my calls, do not despise them, pay attention to my calls and be children who fulfill the wishes of Him who gave Himself for you on the Cross, but on the Cross of resurrection and glory, majesty and power, where, united with my Mother and with me, my Church will triumph, overcome and fulfill the mission for which she was created: return to me my kingdom, from which at this moment I have been robbed. My beloved ones, my Love surpasses the sin of man, I await all, even the most sinful. Remain in my peace, I bless you. Do not stop, continue with strength, with courage and with faith, for I remain with you and do not abandon you, only call upon Me, only pronounce My name with all your heart, only repent. Remain in my peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 12 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, My peace be with each of you. The earth turns and man passes away, water quenches thirst and man does not appreciate it, food appears on the table and My children do not remember the hungry. Looking within heals a person to measure his mercy, his love of his neighbor, his sensitivity, his reaction and his behavior in the face of another person's pain. I encourage you to be Christians of action, not just of prayer. I urge you to bring the words of our Father to your brothers and sisters. I encourage you to share with those who are in need, not only the bread that satisfies the hunger of the flesh, but the bread of my Holy Spirit that is poured out upon you. Let him who criticizes look first at himself. What is man doing to improve humanity? Children, the moment escapes and escapes.... and you think beforehand that my words are far from fulfilling what I announced to you. This is not the case, be vigilant, take care of your soul. If you fall, pick yourself up quickly, repent. The man of the moment looks with contempt at what awaits him, as if he is living with pain when nothing has yet touched him. Don't look with indifference at the events of brothers and sisters who are suffering from natural disasters, or from their leaders, or from illnesses, don't look at them with distain. These events are moving, going from nation to nation. How much passes on high that man does not know? Only the angels, who remain in constant flight from heaven to earth, without rest, keeping you away from evil.... And mankind refuses to follow the path of my requests! This is man's moment, his response must be born of the spirit: to be filled with strength from my Holy Spirit, to fight evil enlightened by my Holy Spirit, to keep faith guided by my Holy Spirit. My children must cry out for God's help to go while remaining obedient to my word. I don't want incense if you don't love me, I don't want prayers if your heart remains empty, don't call me Father if you don't obey my calls, if you don't turn to me, if you don't love your brothers and sisters and if you don't raise your voice in the face of injustice and evil deeds. Therefore, I call upon you to change your behavior, for to raise your voice you must be a witness. My beloved ones, do not injure me again. I bless my priests, those who awaken with truth in their word the flock I have entrusted to them. Pray, beloved children, pray for Switzerland, the pain will come. Pray for Japan, the pain will come. My beloved ones, the birds will stop flying and seek their nests, showing man to be attentive to what is coming. Animals will try to awaken man to react and remain alert to what is approaching the surface from the bowels of the earth. All of nature alerts insensitive humanity. Man's negativism like a magnet returns aggression to man himself, and the unexpected behavior of his brothers and sisters will cause so much confusion among human beings themselves that they will senselessly turn against each other. Children, conversion must take place at this very moment. The earth mourns the pain of man, will be increasingly shaken by a great painful event for humanity, programmed and caused by man himself. The progress of the plague is causing havoc, seal yourselves in the name of my blood. Bless your food with the sign of my Cross and keep your faith alive. My beloved ones: my gaze remains on you, as the sun gives light to all, feeds and enlightens all. I make no distinctions, I love all, I bless all, I call on all. This generation must repent for its behavior, for it will punish itself. My heart hurts, it bleeds for each of you. Do not receive me in the Eucharist to forget me later. I am still alive and feeling. Come to me, come quickly, do not let my calls pass unanswered. Take refuge in my blood, in it enter my Heart and find the peace you mistakenly seek. I bless your creation. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 16 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, with how much love I receive the prayers of my children who give their lives to make reparation to those who despise, are disobedient and deviate from the people of God! I keep you in my Heart, so that life's insults and taunts will not cause you to break down. These are powerful moments in which there is a spiritual battle that my children do not know about, a battle in which a person's mind, reason and intelligence are taken away little by little, so that you act and behave completely contrary to what my Son has commanded his people. Beloved, you do not distinguish where evil begins, you pass by it without thinking, you allow yourselves to be carried away by the actions of others. You have transformed yourselves into followers of what is wrong and despise the good. Evil has concentrated on changing the feelings, sensibilities, entire spiritual being, human and intellectual capacities of those who allow it, so that their acts are against the First Commandment and destroy each other. Hateful behavior toward brothers and sisters and brotherly love is a delight for the devil, who concentrates his battle on disunity, on breaking up and causing divisions among my children, so that ministries, religious congregations, prayer groups or individuals destroy each other. And in this way it infiltrates the divided Church, feels triumphant and takes control. My beloved ones: no! God the Father did not give you the gift of life for this. The intelligence in man must be used for the common good, not for self-destruction. Whoever invents and uses weapons or means that endanger life endangers the Holy Spirit present in every human being and endangers creation. Whoever allows and incurs expenses for these purposes opposes God Himself, the Creator of life, the Creator of all that exists, of all things visible and invisible. The future is not optimistic, and everyone knows this from the inside, knows that it is so. People see it in events, in changes and in nature. These same scholars, scientists, what answer will they give to so many unexpected changes that are taking place in these moments? As a Mother, I must urge you to reconsider, I want to urge you to reconsider. This is not the plan of Salvation for this generation. It is with sadness that I see how you have confused divine goodness with the gift of free will. The heavens are opening up to the torment sent to them by man, and spiritual fire is descending upon the earth, the same fire with which you encouraged evil. Man will feel that he is burning, not burning. And how to defend against this evil? By remaining in a state of grace, remaining in love of God and in recognition of brotherly love. Humanity must unite, and you can do this if you are brave and strong, if you persevere and live by faith. Beloved children of my Heart, call upon my help, I intercede for each of you, you only have to call upon me. Pray beloved, pray for Chicago, pray. Pray for England, pray. Beloved, prayer is the fruit of blessing. Unite in your families, in your parishes, with your brothers and sisters, in your communities or individually, but offer that love which my Son expects from those who are His. Do not separate yourselves from my maternal heart. You are not children without a Mother. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 20 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my Love for each of you is infinite, just as my Mercy is infinite. I descend to the altars in search of those who want to receive Me. I am the food you need to keep the faith and not succumb to spiritual decay. Children, I speak my word to you so that you may be prepared and so that your consciousness may open to the unstoppable reality, shaped by misused free will. Lent will begin, in which you must look within and examine yourselves, in which I call you to truly live, as true children of Mine, with unity, love, forgiveness and repentance. But not only during Lent, let this Lent rather be the beginning of a complete change for the rest of your lives. When man's will opposes mine, man creates a cross separate from mine. In this way, man makes his cross heavier. It is not the cross that sanctifies, it is the uniting with my Will that leads you to sanctification. Love is the food that moves souls to enter into My Will. Sacrifices do not achieve what love achieves; nevertheless, they are necessary to move you to climb the steps that awaken your consciences. Beloved: pray for the conversion of your brothers and sisters. Pray for Mexico, it will suffer. Pray for the Middle East. Lack of awareness is the cause of humanity's separation from My Will. I have given you everything you can be happy with, now before this lack of correspondence, pain will be the companion of humanity. My Love is waiting for you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 22 2012 - Our Lady
Beloved in my Immaculate Heart, I love you and invite each of you to take seriously this celebration, which at the same time once again reveals the deplorable state of disobedient humanity. Pray for Ecuador. Pray for Brazil. Pray for Canada, where there is pain. Devotion to my Son in spirit and truth is the source of the graces that arise from trial, but above all from the love with which my Son rewards and sustains you. By loving one another in God's Will, the way is light, and you will not have to see what my Son has decreed for the future of mankind in order for change to occur. Momentum prolongs evil, as you act by losing yourselves in evil. I urge you to make the ultimate effort, now! No stopping, no excuses. Be real, show yourself as you are, and turn to my Son as you are, with your faults and qualities, even if they are negligible. This moment of reverie is an extension of God's mercy. I call on families to recognize the gravity of events, for fathers and mothers to be a witness to their children. This moment passes without you noticing it, do not delay. I remain with my children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 24, 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, I bless you every moment. You are my people and for each of you I gave myself in my Father's Will on the Cross. I bless all those who consciously struggle to give their brothers and sisters an example of my Love, living my Will. In everyone I see the sun, and like the sun, you are able to reach with the rays of blessing as far as you will let Me. As I am infinite, so will be the infinite works and deeds of the soul that unites in Me. Beloved ones, My passion continues to renew every human being to keep them duly prepared to face what I have revealed to you. My Church will shake and My passion will be poured out on all mankind. It will totter in the foundations, my mystical body will weaken blinded by the false gods whose tentacles the antichrist has made visible to mankind. The birth pains will be unexpected because of the little faith you have in me. The arrows of Satan prey on those who are Mine, who, being weak, do not engage, do not act, are not aware and lack a response to My Love. You recognize my Mercy, which is infinite. I wait with patience, I will wait with patience. I do not punish, but the abuse of free will forces me to give proper justice to each person. I do not want my mystical body to diminish, but to grow, like grains of sand on the seashore. Beloved ones, the moment is rushing humanity, so that look to me and approach with haste. Pray, do not let the moment pass, pray for the United States. Pray for England, it will be shaken. Pray for Brazil, she will suffer. Do not be afraid, instead come to me and let us be one. I bless you in this special moment. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 29 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, walking and pilgrimage, I shape my children with love and truth, sweetness and perseverance, exhortation and reality. And so I continue, being a pilgrim of love, and you do not recognize and listen to me. Children, you are robots of innovation, you have passively submitted to mind control. Inspiration exists only in a few, and those are seen as freaks. This is the moment when humanity does not think, but imitates those who lead you through the mundane for their own convenience. You are expecting the antichrist, and he is coexisting in the world, taking the treasure of my Son: humanity, tempting you with what is pleasant and easy, controlling you with technological means that make your life easier. The microprocessor is the culmination of a great experiment by the powerful to control every step of man, through means that make life easier, such as credit cards and others, without realizing that the arrogant and powerful world of what is transient and superfluous has taken control of everything. The only thing missing is a moment of formal presentation of the one that will lead my children to suffer the likes of which man has never experienced before. Babel was built, having Sodom as the base and Gomorrah as the climax. What will happen to those who are mine in the midst of so much anger and debauchery, coexisting with temptations? Only by detaching yourself from the mundane and sinful, growing in spirit and deepening your faith, by practicing the Gospel, being authentic, true and loving the Holy Spirit, only in this way will you be prepared. The days will be shorter so that my Son will hurry to reap the harvest. The Earth is joining in the complete renewal of this cycle, revealing its inner layers to show itself anew. My Son is Mercy, but He is not a God who fraternizes with sin, who will be removed from the face of the earth. I keep beside me my angelic legions, those entrusted to me by my Son, to protect and guard man and help him in his downfalls. This is a moment of prayer and the practice of Gospel truths. It is a moment of royal children, those who do not fear and those who wait, those who every dawn live the miracle of heaven, where the sun shines penetrating everything and the earth, impatient, longs for renewal. Pray for Mexico, this, my people, will greatly regret. Pray for Libya, she will suffer. Pray for Ecuador, it will live in tension. The harvest has been sown, the seeds are sprouting, and the fruits will be harvested by the hands of the great creator of life. Live in the full light of day, feeding on the sun of God's Love, so that this light will last and reach your brothers and sisters like the rays of the sun that penetrate the darkness. My Son is the food that gives eternal life; whoever does not eat of His table will not live forever. Abide children in love. Do not be afraid, I am here to protect you. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 04 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, I invite you to remain infused with My Will, to remain in complete obedience while I reign in you and am all in you. My beloved ones, do not be like scholars who easily speak words that are not born in the heart. Be My apostles, those who bear witness and at the same time do not stop working for the good of their brothers and sisters. My Love leads to infinite wisdom, infinite forgiveness, infinite trust, infinite mercy and infinite devotion. This is the reason why all your actions must cease to be limited, and instead you must elevate them to Me, so that I may act in you. My people do not see what the evil one manages to advance, taking advantage of the fact that the guardians of My Church have fallen asleep. Open to Me the doors of your heart and conscience. I come to your rescue, refuse no more. Do not allow yourselves to lose faith even more. The wolves are not lurking, they have already infiltrated my fold and are attacking those who are mine, leading them to commit every kind of crime against me. Prayer is very important, because prayer should also be an action. One that carries the word, encouragement, bringing as many brothers and sisters as possible closer to me, sharing not only physical bread, but also spiritual bread. These are agonal moments, in which the creation is weakened and shaken by the behavior of those who are mine, who fight with each other, discussing matters that belong only to me, and do not see the state of agony in which each of them is. Wandering and walking.... Until when will you resist me? You have not understood that there is nothing so terrible, disastrous and with serious consequences as spiritual pride. No human creature can reach me if not through struggle with himself, through repentance, love and recognition of the truth. I dwell in man and without Me he is nothing. These abound in my Church, those who call themselves enlightened and prepare the coming of the antichrist. Beloved ones, I have called you to hold in your hands the weapon that is the Holy Rosary. It leads you into the arms of My Mother. The moment is approaching when nature will perish and man will enter a great decadence. Mankind does not listen to me, and those who consider themselves masters of truth do not know that they must transform themselves from within, because they are corrupted. I protect my people, those with a humble and pure heart, those who look to me and ache when they offend me, those who live in unity, those who accept my Word and make it their life, those who hold the last place. Pray for Spain, she will suffer, her people will suffer. Pray for Japan, she will suffer again. Pray for Panama, she will suffer. My beloved ones: I encourage you to live this special Lent in contemplation of my Passion. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 07 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I love you. Once again I appeal to your feelings and to the love that each of you professes towards Me. You were born in my Cross of glory, you were born from my side. My mystical body, which I love, is the one I convene today, so that, completely united to Me and to My requests, you will lovingly embrace My Cross, annulling completely your selfish desires, and instead place My and My Mother's requests. Each of you is a temple of My Holy Spirit. Today, at this moment, I don't want temples of stone, I don't want hearts of stone, I want hearts of flesh softened by my most precious and renewing blood, so that you will want to fight, so that you will give yourselves completely to be living testimonies of my infinite love. I want temples that fulfill my Commandments, temples that love, temples that are merciful, temples in spirit and in truth. Beloved children, how many requests from Heaven over the centuries.... and man has not listened! At this moment, as the fulfillment of yet another cycle of this generation draws near, I call upon you with all my Love to be transformed from within, each one of you, as the particles that you are in my mystical body. Renew yourselves from within, because you cannot give what you do not have within you. Renew yourselves with love and send emanations of blessing to all humanity. Man keeps my teachings to himself, keeps love, mercy and forgiveness to himself, without sharing these gifts with others, and this is not proper behavior for those who truly love me. I have kept nothing for myself, I have given everything for each of you. I summon my mystical body to this transformation, with strength and power. Do not keep for yourselves the love I offer you, give it to your brothers and sisters, and there the inner transformation will begin: when you forget yourselves and live for your brothers and sisters and for the fulfillment of my will. The earth turns quickly, it wants to meet purified children who responsibly reciprocate all the love with which it received you and with which it provided you with what you needed. My beloved ones: do not listen to those who tell you that the great purification is not approaching, because man's sin, misconduct and disobedience are what attracts the purification. I am Love and Mercy, but I am also Divine Justice. Prepare yourselves, prepare yourselves spiritually, renew your senses. How you sin with your eyes, your thoughts and this great gift of speech! My beloveds, the earth will shake, the waters will be contaminated and my people will suffer greatly. The pestilence is progressing, and man is rejecting all my calls and instead invoking the antichrists with whom he is coexisting at this time.... The antichrists of modernism are those who have undermined the heart of my children: the antichrist of new technology, the antichrist of television, which has instilled disrespect for the gift of life, the antichrist of cinema, which has even dared to mock my painful passion. The antichrist of unworthy fashion, the antichrist who has contaminated food so that my children get sick without noticing it, and so many other antichrists who chant against me and sing so that you expel me from your hearts. Oh how my Heart hurts! How my Heart aches before so much refusal to recognize that you live in the midst of great sins! How abundant is the sin that you call with great disregard: 'the actualization of Christian morality' and common conduct, according to the moment lived by this present generation! You, my people, I call upon especially during this Lenten season to offer and emanate from the deepest part of your being blessings for all of humanity and for all of creation. This moment is decisive. Be truthful, proclaim the truth, do not be deceived, because the devil, through deception, is preparing the presentation of his spawn, his protg: the master liar who will come to weaken my people. Pray, my people, pray for England. It will suffer greatly. Pray, my people, pray for Israel. It will suffer and weep. Pray, my people, pray for Brazil. It will suffer. All of creation was intertwined with man, and today creation does not see man in this way, but on the contrary is afraid of the way man acts. I call on you from my Cross of Glory to free yourself from selfishness, from wrong actions, from wrong thoughts, and I call on you to gather from within in total and absolute silence, to allow yourself to hear me and to renew and transform your heart of stone into a heart of flesh. I repeat, I do not want stone temples. Each of you is a temple of my Holy Spirit, and I want living temples that bear witness that I dwell in them. The strength of one believer is worth millions. I bless you in a special way during this Lenten season, special in itself and because of the events. I bless all those who read this Word of mine with love and seal them with my precious blood. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 11 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, each of you is the fruit of my Love. At the invocation of My Name, My House is illuminated by My human children. For this reason, do not forget that I am still waiting for My children. I encourage you during this Lenten season to make an offering to Me from the depths of your heart, with the awareness of what you are offering, feeling it in your being and in the depths of your soul. There are so many things with which you can please me, with which you can satisfy me and unite with me more! Fast by banishing selfishness, greed, inconstancy, disobedience, impurity and superfluity. Fast by turning away from the mass media, which are used to carry out spiritual decay. Fast from impurity, from unfaithfulness, from mistreatment in the family and from vices. Sacrifice, sacrifice, sacrifice! How much do you have at hand to offer me! ... and you don't find it, because you don't relate to me and prefer not to refrain from something mundane before making a sacrifice for the sake of you and all mankind. Beloved, if you look at the reality in which humanity subsists, the purpose of sacrifice and fasting would be everywhere. This distance you keep from me is the cause of excess sin. Turn to Me, I remain in the Tabernacle, seek Me, for I will take care of you, seek Me within yourselves, I dwell there. Children, My people, so much pain is born for all, that My angels continue to accompany you at this particular moment, do not leave you alone, closely follow the movements of the powerful nations, for they will allow suffering to fall upon mankind. I do not desire a people who offer material sacrifices to Me, but a faithful people, aware of My real and true presence in the Eucharist, a people who know that My Spirit dwells in the depths of every person. I desire a people who know me to love me, a people aware that my passion is an eternal present, aware of loving their neighbor. But above all, aware of my Love, my Mercy, but at the same time my Justice, because if I did not apply this, I would not be a perfect King. Tolerance towards my people has misled my sheepfold. The excessive smoothness and tolerance directed toward my people has given way to despising and insulting me. Children, do not be mute, do not be afraid to mention me. If you love me, speak my Name, so that your brothers and sisters will realize that I live in you. These moments are not for those who are lukewarm, because the forces of evil that have taken possession of the creatures and keep them constantly offended by Me will strike against them. At this moment I see those who are lukewarm, who seek Me and despise Me, those who have distanced Me from their lives by succumbing to evil, and My people who are afraid to speak My name, while their brothers and sisters are clear that they are different. There are few who are not afraid to say that they love me and that they believe in me and my Mother. Pray, but not with words that are forgotten or repeated almost without thinking. Pray to my Spirit to fill you with strength. Pray to my Mother, she will guide my people in this decisive moment. My beloved ones: you continue to face nature, and with it suffering, which does not cease in various places. Therefore, do not look indifferently at the sorrow of those who suffer. Fire will continue to cause wonder and pain. The earth will shake vigorously. Animals will give warnings that humans cannot see. Pray for Japan. Pray for Brazil. Pray for the United States. Do not see this Lenten season as just one more season, but live it in silence and meditation, enter into the mystery of my Cross and enjoy the infinity of my Love. Be those children who are different, who mark the passing of My presence among humanity. My blessing remains before each of you, accept it. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 14 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you; I love you; I carry you in my motherly heart. As in the desert, it pains my heart so much that I do not receive a response of love from all my children entrusted to me at the foot of the Cross. My children, because you are the children of my Son and as His Mother, I consider you so and love you. I call upon you to accompany my Son present in the Tabernacle, where he is forgotten and abandoned, disrespected and sometimes insulted. Make reparation for this, for this very serious insult to my Son. I encourage you to come to me. My Son has entrusted me with this last moment of this generation to lovingly guide you along the path of faith, humility, love, but above all inviting you and guiding you with my motherly love to remove from yourselves all that is not Love, all that does not belong to my Son, all that is worldly and has come to take the place that corresponds to my Son. How much harm is done to humanity and creation by the atomic blast! And how much harm you are doing to yourselves through sin, when it took over the inner terrain that should have been more spiritual, more my Son, more divine, and through you it became completely worldly! I encourage you to get back on the path, to stop and let each of you look at yourself, but truly look at yourselves to face this spiritual battle that is going on and will intensify in the coming moments. It is necessary for you to be aware that my Son is King and you are His children. It is necessary for you to completely surrender yourselves to Divine Love and banish forever those mundane deities that today saturate not only the mind and thoughts, but the eyes, ear, heart and body of some of my children, some..., of which there is a vast majority. With what great mercy my Son tried to guide you, and you, like a people extraordinarily disobedient, do not respect the voice of God! How many of the mighty of this world do their will without even thinking for a moment about the harm they will do to the innocent, harm beyond repair! Behind the great powers are evil spirits, they will cause harm to all mankind, to all creation, and this harm will have repercussions throughout the universe. Children of my Immaculate Heart, listen to this request of the Mother, who is asking, who is begging fathers and Mothers of families to take the lives of your children into their own hands, because these young people have given themselves into the hands of Satan. But it is not too late, my Son is very merciful, take the place that suits you and fill these empty hearts with God's love and fill them with words of power. Fathers and mothers have the gift, given from on high, of using the word to bestow blessings on their children, to decree freedom over their children, to break the worldly bonds of their children. Use the gift of the word and with power, strength and faith give your children to God, place them before the Cross of Glory and Majesty. And you, fathers and mothers of families, be guardians of those treasures with which heaven has endowed you, those shoots that look to you as guides and are your faithful mirrors. You who run a household, I call upon you to see the evil you do when you fail to do God's Will, and instead allow yourselves to be led by debauchery, unfaithfulness, and fail to be a witness to the Living and Present God. Turn to this Mother, for I will not hesitate to guide you. To my beloved sons of priests, I encourage you to preach strongly. These are very important moments that will not be repeated, and you must preach the word of my Son with power, strength and courage, because you are responsible for the sheepfold that my Son has entrusted to you. Temples remain empty, and this is because the mystical body needs preachers who encourage a radical change, a complete transformation of man from within to be more spiritual. How can you preach the Scriptures, but preach them with strength and courage, so that the mystical body will return to having the necessary consciousness to be more spiritual and thus face the fulfillment of the prophecies. Children of my Immaculate Heart, the people of my Son, the mystical body: in these moments all the prophecies converge. They are not fantasy, they are truth. Listen to these calls, so that you will not suffer when, in times of trouble, you do not find how to cry out for mercy to my Son. The Lord of sin, Satan, takes great spoils, and it is the duty of the mystical body to know and love my Son, so that you evangelize one another. Do not waste time, for this is no longer time, this is the moment. I encourage you to pray fervently for Panama. I encourage you to pray for Venezuela. I encourage you to pray for the United States, especially for its President. Be copies of my Son's love, my Son's patience, my Son's brotherhood and my devotion to God's Will and that I do not want to occupy places of honor, but the last, being apostles of my Son, at all times. I bless you, I keep you in my maternal heart, which with a loud voice proclaims all that is near, and from here, from this beloved and great country, I address all mankind. I am the Ark of Salvation, the Woman clothed with the sun, who begs her children to return. My hand remains before each of you. Come, for I will lead you along the true path. I bless you and do not disregard this call. Stay in my room, stay in my Heart, answer my call. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 17 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, I love you, I bless you all equally, with my just and merciful Love. I immediately receive whoever comes to Me with a repentant heart. A firm intention to make reparation is an open gate to which My angels go with swift assistance, so that you may continue on the path of conversion. My Mother makes her pilgrimage, following each person's steps, allowing your conscience to feel the value and condition of the deed or work you intend to perform. My entire House remains attentive to humanity, because at this moment evil has overpowered the conscience, and my children act without thinking or considering the consequences of their evil deeds. All mankind declares that it is saved, redeemed by Me and therefore worthy of Eternal Salvation, regardless of its deeds, good or bad. My beloved ones, I formed the redemption for you and before you. This profound act of My Love, is not lenient towards the evil deeds of a person who does not repent for his actions, that is: every person must fight for Salvation and must act in accordance with My deeds and works in order to receive the benefit of redemption and thus receive the reward of Eternal Salvation. Very wrong is he who commits evil deeds and considers himself worthy of My House. I will come to separate the wheat from the weeds. And with pain My children will see their evil deeds and disobedience to My calls. My Mercy has no end for the one who draws near, repents and returns to the path, and since I am the Righteous Judge, he will not receive the same measure as the one who, clinging to evil, has reaped evil fruit, not grieving over it at any time, even when he has Me before him. Beloved, I encourage you to consider your actions, thoughts and desires. I encourage you to act as ambassadors of My word of brotherhood, love, peace, forgiveness and mercy. I encourage you to know me, to love me. Children, pray for Japan, pray for these brothers and sisters of yours. Pray for England, she will suffer. Pray for Nicaragua, she needs your prayers. My beloved ones, I do not hesitate to listen to my children, I do not hesitate to accept them, I do not hesitate to feel the disobedience of the majority of humanity, and I watch with sadness as you give in to the fantasies of mundanity that Satan offers you. How many are drowning in fear of the dates that are circulating everywhere, referring to the end of this generation, and do not accept with love and resolve the redemption I have given you! How man walks with a lack of consciousness, subject to darkness and evil! To you, my disciples, my faithful: I invite you to be missionaries of peace and my Love at every moment. Man goes on at his accelerated pace and does not see the present signs. Disasters do not wait, pain is looked at from afar in hearts that have renounced love. Hunger will spread rapidly and lack of love will result in bread not being shared. Rebellion will grow to awaken from country to country a people who lie sick for lack of truth. Human insensitivity has banished this King; I seek hearts with truth, love, commitment, responsibility, mercy, honesty and brotherhood. You, my faithful, I encourage you to remain united, strongly united. Evil permeates among my faithful to cause division, be vigilant. Great empires have been undermined by disunity, the great heroes are not those who march alone, but in the communion of souls and united with me. As the stars sparkle and shine in the firmament, so My faithful adorn My House. My beloved ones, you are My treasures. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure without sin conceived.

March 21 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I keep you in my Heart to protect you from the attacks that daily rush against my children. I bless you for your fidelity to the Will of the Holy Trinity, for being worshippers of my Son at all times. Continue to visit Him in the Tabernacle, accompanying Him in those moments of pain in which most of humanity remains away from Him. My maternal mantle covers the entire universe, the stars adorn it by shining constantly, and in the same way you adorn my mantle when you shine on earth, being souls who are merciful and obedient to the Will of the Trinity. I urge you once again to be aware of the change to which you must hasten. At this moment, and with the greatest impatience, a spiritual change, so infinitely powerful, which is able to overcome selfishness, human ambitions and aspirations, should take place in you. Think, think, using reason and spiritual sense. Heaven does not allow so many calls randomly, and it is written that it will be given on the threshold of the great purification. Soon my Son will come again and separate the wheat from the weeds, see the good deeds, the good disposition of each of you to leave what needs to be left and take the final step for this radical change. You must preach the truth, 'cause the truth will make you free, spiritually. These moments of this generation so perverse will not be surpassed. You have abused all the opportunities in which you have been called upon to respond and receive. And having abused the infinite mercy of my Son, you continue to live in the mud. Or have you forgotten that there is Divine Justice? Do not abuse mercy, because by doing so, you bring Divine Justice upon yourself. Man receives a reaction for his actions, and if he acts in evil, in selfishness, in personal interest, he will not receive the blessings he expects. You should turn to my Son with a contrite and humble heart, but this is not the case, you turn to Him in the midst of necessity filled with personal interests. No children, do not seek my Son in this way, get rid now of these 'gods' that each of you has created for yourselves. Get rid of these personal interests and make the decision to remain obedient to God's calls. I am the Mother of all that has been created, I suffer for my children and rejoice with them when they work for good. In those moments when I see the majority going dazed to meet the antichrist, my heart aches because you do not behave adequately prepared in faith, nor strengthened to wage spiritual warfare. Unite, stay united, you did not build on shifting sands, but on firm rock; do not let other ideologies pull you away from the true path. Fraternity is essential in these moments. It is essential to call upon the divine spirit to keep you alert, to fill you with wisdom and divine teachings. Mankind will observe with amazement great miracles you never imagined, and you will quickly run after this false spawn who tells you to call yourself 'god' and who only brings deception to steal your soul. Enough of wars among the mystical body, enough of schism among groups that call themselves spiritual. Enough of shooting poisoned arrows among my children. Do you not have the intelligence and wisdom to understand that this strategy of Satan is only for the great purpose of preparing the mystical body, which is very divided, to give power to the antichrist? Love each other, take each other's hands and do not separate, create a great and huge wall so that nothing and no one can penetrate and defeat you. How many of the events we mentioned have already come true! Not to frighten you, but to make you react and see that creation itself is shouting to man: return, return, return to our King! Pray my beloveds, pray with strength, pray for Brazil. Pray my beloveds for the United States, do not abandon it in your prayers. Pray for Asia, she will suffer greatly. And those who are happy not to be mentioned in the call to prayer, be vigilant, for nature will come unexpectedly. Look to the heights and see the great signs that are descending for you to awaken. Do not stop going to receive my Son, do not stop meditating, and do not stop being aware that each day, once you are awake, is an opportunity to overcome yourself and merge with my Son. I love you, I bless you, I am your Mother. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 25 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, in the community of my people, gather in prayer. My beloved ones, you have been warned of grave moments for man, and I mention them once again. These are those moments when fire emerges from the depths of the earth, destroying it with force from place to place. The firmament will redden, heralding to man the coming and going of continuous events; the waters will increase their flow and the sea will embrace the earth. Mankind will despise the holy people. Children, what you store in your mind and in your heart with the desire to imitate the saints, do not keep it, reveal it internally within yourself, begin the radical change now. My children must remain aware of the need for this inner change, now! Creation is affirming its 'yes' to my Will, and in this act, man has been left alone, and therefore is not protected from that unity that all creation retains. It is written that a time will come when mankind will suffer as never before. Beloved children, the sun will make you tremble. Pray for Lisbon. Pray for Italy. Pray for Chile, it will suffer, it will suffer. Pray for Mexico, it will cry. Nature cries out to man for his future. Creation not only does not recognize man, it longs for him and loves him because he is my creation. The cosmos is my creation, as is what is contained within it. Nature looks at man with love and with pain. Unite in one feeling in my Love. I urge you towards divine love, one feeling for the good is the flame that ignites my Heart. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 27 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I hold my faithful in my hands. With my divine breath I shield those who are mine. Persevere in superhuman effort to overcome all that you have acquired with the passing of life, which is not My Will or for your good. I urgently call upon you to live in My reality, not in human reality, but in My reality, where I draw man to Myself. Enough with those who say they love me and despise me, with those who consider my Cross as something past. My Cross is not mine, it is the Cross of every man. It is Salvation for humanity, a Salvation for which one must fight and strive to be worthy. Every call is an opportunity for Salvation to the extent that you become aware of what I reveal to you for the sake of those who are Mine. Do not disregard my calls, stubborn, unbelieving people. Children, I love you, but.... you have abused my Love. Creation has issued its agonizing groan and in it will keep man. Pray for Jamaica, she will suffer. Pray and intercede quickly for Mexico. Pray for France, she will suffer. My Mercy is inexhaustible. Man must be worthy of it with humility. Come to Me in this holy week, in which is the source of My Gift, My Love and My Mercy. Receive my Peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 27 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I call you to awaken to the inner reality, to my reality, where nothing and no one can take me away from you. I call upon you to awaken, to awaken before My Love. I call you to awaken before my Cross, which I do not want you to see only as a sign or symbol, but to which I want you to cling conscious of what my Father wanted to include in it. My dear children, you continue to erroneously give very wrong answers to what only I can give answers to. You have examined My Cross in human terms, you have given human answers to the meaning of My Cross, you have fallen to your knees before My Cross, and you have ignored the fact that My Cross is the image of My Father's Infinite Love and My sacrifice for all mankind. Children, you live by symbols, I am not a symbol. You live by signs. I am not a sign, 'I am who I am,' 'I am the Alpha and Omega, I am the Beginning and the End,' and in this beginning and this end, I want to embrace each of you. You are the essence of my Love, an essence that has been despised and misinterpreted. I call on you to awaken spiritually, to awaken from within, so that you do not continue to deny the sinful reality in which you live. Today I call on you to look inwardly into your conscience, into your feelings, into your senses, through which you offend me so much. I call on you to keep yourselves ready and in the forefront. I did not deny or hide at any time the development of the coming events, I presented them to you one by one, so that today you will be aware that humanity is approaching the great end, the spiritual end, where I will see those who are true and where they will see themselves lukewarm. I wholeheartedly call on you to awaken, now! This inner transformation is urgent, this inner rebirth, this realization that if you do not remain prepared with your eyes, with your heart surrendered to my will, you will not be able to take the final leap and will fall prey to the evil that surrounds you. My beloved ones, I gave myself for you in love, in the love of my Father, in the love of our Trinity. Each of you has a duty to struggle for your conversion, to be worthy of the redemption I came to accomplish before all mankind. I do not want a lukewarm people, I do not want a people filled with false spiritual expectations. I want a people of truth, a people who love me, a people who are a faithful copy of my Love, my sacrifice. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for this my beloved people of Japan, who will again suffer greatly. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for the United States and for the consequences that all of humanity will have to face on a global level. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for the Middle East, do not cease in your prayers. Beloved ones, I do not want empty prayers, I want prayers born from the depths of your being, I want prayers of action, offering every thought, every feeling, every action and every step for all humanity. I call upon you to remain in the first place, where those I have been preparing for a long, long time should remain, to lead the rest of humanity. You who turn to me every day, you who call me Father, you who claim to love me, you who call yourselves true and brotherly, I call you to remain in the first row, and in this first row your brothers and sisters will be the judges, the judges of those who proclaim my Love and my Word. This is the moment when my true children will be brought into the light, and those who are lukewarm will be cast out of my mouth. It is approaching, approaching now, that event so mentioned and awaited, in which everyone will stand before his own conscience, and there I will come to the aid of my people, who will bear my light, my Love and the fullness of my Holy Spirit to guide the rest of humanity with my truth. Remain in my peace, I bless you, I love you, I call you to renewal. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 02 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the Cross is the great infinite mystery of silence for each of my children, so that humanity will return to obedience. Calvary is the great station of life where the faithful in spirit and truth are tested. This is the Calvary before which humanity will see itself and be aware of how it has despised the knowledge that has descended for all. I ask each of you, like John, seeing the bandages in the tomb, to see more and to be certain that my Son has risen from the dead, without more evidence, that in the same way, faithful children, you will allow yourselves to be enlightened by doing good and seeing the face of my Son in those who wander without a face. Beloved ones, pray for Chile. Pray for the Middle East. Pray for Finland. You are living in a time of prophecies in which Heaven foretold human indifference to my Son's sacrifice for humanity. My Son suffered to the extreme, suffers to the extreme, so much so that he remains beyond what man can imagine, in the fullness of the love of knowledge, loving with all his strength and senses. Beloved, abide without hesitation. I bless you; I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 02 2012 - Mother of God
My beloved ones, I call you to live in unity, keeping in mind that as brothers and sisters you are all guided equally. I love you all, you are the people of my Son, I will not abandon you. At this moment, a great part of humanity is indulging in the debauchery that permeates the essence of man. The moment is approaching when, without Heaven calling you to see the signs, every eye will see and every ear will hear Him who will come not to cry out, but to judge in glory and power, with great thunder and accompanied by His heavenly creatures. Beloved, these moments are watershed moments, so much so that the confusion that will increase in great measure overwhelms My children. Mankind is asleep, not thinking about not doing good, and people have forgotten that my Son comes like a 'thief in the night', unexpectedly, without warning those who live in the light and without warning those who live in darkness. Children, tear the bandages that have been placed over your eyes by the enemy of the soul, the devil, who takes pleasure in leading you astray and thus accomplishes his goal: to darken the conscience of man so that he will not hope or believe that my Son will come with Power, Glory and Majesty for his own. The lukewarmness of a great number of my children has made this truth, which will be accomplished without stopping, not sincerely expected, but on the contrary, amidst the derision of mankind. Beloved ones, you must make the most of these moments, you who know what is coming, so that you do not fall, but overcome temptation, so that you do not approach sin, but turn away from it, since your brothers and sisters say: 'everything remains the same, nothing happens'. Ah... how painful it is to see you in disgrace against pure love, against my Son! And how painful it is to see the followers of my Son fearful of what is coming, pushing faith aside! Hunger rages and grows, and in the Heavens, misused technology crosses the nuclear reactors of the powerful. Children, this moment, is the moment, my Son is returning, the signs are increasing. Children: pray for my beloved land of Mexico, she will weep. Pray for Pakistan, it will suffer. Pray for Argentina, she will suffer. My beloved ones, my Heart is waiting for each of you. I am guiding you towards the absolute truth. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 05 2012 - Jesus Christ
In the solitude that is not solitude, but the fullness of my Father's Word, I moved to unite with the Will from which He sent me. In this communion there is one Will, everything ceased to be present in the Creator Omnipotence, all that was, is and will be, was united into one and merged with the history of mankind, from the beginning of creation to the last moment of all the ages. Gethsemane was the middle and the end. In it was reflected the event of all mankind. Those who are mine have forgotten me, as at this moment. They promised to keep watch, and their humanity overcame them, as now. When they dragged me away, they reacted with displeasure, but then disavowed me, as now, lest I meet the same fate. They feared martyrdom then, arrest, prosecution, criticism, and hid as they do now. Insecurity, insecurity gripped them, and my teachings were a sigh when fear of man's power led them to abandon me, as they do now. In their eagerness to flee from me, they forgot to cover their faces, and when they were recognized, they looked for something to cover themselves with, just as now they cover themselves with fanaticism, illogical reasoning, false doctrines, false faith, deceptive words, and above all the desire to know everything and encapsulate it in a closed, frothed and crumpled mind that is never satisfied. Others disappear, scrambling to the corners of the false security of the room, with the lights off... ah.... at that moment they were not afraid of the darkness, but felt protected by it. Just as they do now, just as you will in an instant. And I, seeing all that was happening.... They forgot that the Son of the Father knows the depths of the soul, and I see your insides. What were they hiding from, where my Love could not reach in search of those who are mine? What darkness would be so thick as to dim the love of my light? O my Heart that bled from above! my eyes saw up close those who surrounded me, my Love called out to them, and in their every word I felt the suffering thundering in my Heart from the fear and betrayal of those who loved me. Close by, among those who followed Me, there was one, one who accompanied Me. One in whom I saw the face of all those chosen by Me who would persevere in My Will. Just like now: 'John. My Mother is covered with pain, disfigured by pain. A woman of faith; she never left me, even when they violently separated her from me. The womb that carried me for nine months rocked me on my way to Calvary, and her love embraced me with its strength, its 'yes' to the word of the angel, its obedience even without understanding and without assurances. She is the woman who, at this moment, our Trinity graciously gives the firmamental mantle, so that every creature understands that not only the earth, but also the firmament humbles itself before Her departure. My faithful ones, My faithful ones have been born in My Mother. My faithful, whom, like John, I call upon, I call upon to walk in the rhythm of My Heart. Without stopping, because he who stops remains on the path. Do not expect to put your finger in My wound, as you do now, because now it may be late; therefore, you must come at this moment and answer the call, allowing yourselves to respond, at this moment in which I do not flee Gethsemane, and in which I know that I will be abandoned by those who at this moment say they love Me. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 07 2012 - Jesus Christ
My children, in the truth of my Love, the mystery ceases to be a mystery in my giving of myself for each of you. The truth of my Cross has not been achieved by man, he keeps it static. Beloved, as soon as you die to the worldly and to low instincts, you will live, and My Cross will be the glory. I am not the God of the dead. I will give light to man and for this purpose I will descend with the power of My Mercy, leaving the purity of My Love before the human conscience. My purity destroys in man all bonds of wickedness, if he accepts Me as his Lord, not for tomorrow, but for that moment in which you must voluntarily become witnesses of My Life, My Truth and My Peace. My Love eclipses the sinful and stubborn man. My Love saves the humble man with a contrite heart. I come for the renewed and consciously penitent man, who will receive the great blessing for which he is waiting: purity, from which will flow the gifts and virtues that will lead him to walk in the face of the great events that have begun and will intensify daily. My beloved ones, this is not a surprising subject for those who are Mine - the revelation that My Mother announced from Garabandal for this generation. Do not forget that the day and the hour is the power of My Father, and that you must change, directing the path of life, and above all, mastering the senses tainted by the false gods with which you have tried to fill the empty behemoths. My beloveds, the singing of the birds will become less frequent, they will move away from man. Pray, my beloved ones, the peace of mankind trembles. Pray, my Church put to the test. Pray that silence will awaken man and that the earth will speak to humanity. Pray for Japan. Beloved: those who are mine are ready now! They do not leave conversion for tomorrow or fall into the nets that the devil sets, so that they continue to live under the influence of evil that leads them to hecatomb. The shadow of human evil lies on the ground. Man cannot hide it, on the contrary, he must transform it into light and truth. Beloved, the immediate moments are decisive, the later does not exist. I hold you in the palm of my hand. Do not abandon it. I bless you, I call you out of love, before every man sees and confronts himself. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 09 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my Spirit dwells in each of you. I have ascended to give you my Spirit, and my people do not recognize it. The internal noise in which you live does not allow you to assimilate our calls. The man who will prevail will be the one who is willing to live in opposition to the world and its machinations, in inner silence, uniting with My Spirit and listening to it in order to tread on firm rock. My kingdom is not of this world, therefore I am not understood. Nor are those who follow me understood. I continue to call upon you to keep faith, hope and love. Hope that you will become better people who overcome evil influences and human domination, and who desire the disappearance of all these evil habitats. My beloved ones, in my Will, the doors of forgiveness and the living water of my Mercy remain open, which is misinterpreted, you abuse freedom and my Love. You are abusing the Salvation I earned for you on My Cross, and you are forgetting that not all who say, 'Lord! Lord!" will enter the Kingdom of Heaven. All My children deserve Salvation, and how many of them will get it? Woe to him who considers himself saved, but commits evil deeds! Woe to him who says: 'I have Heaven secured,' and does not live according to My Commandments! This is the moment when my people must sing my miracles and call upon my Name, without ceasing. They must feed on Me and maintain unity, allowing themselves to be polished with a strong chisel. I am the sculptor of souls and I sculpt them with love and justice. Beloved ones, each of you must examine yourselves internally before your reality and not refuse to be polished. You must experience this as a grace that my love allows you. My beloved children, my people, pray for Japan. Pray for Mexico, it will suffer. Pray for the United States. Pray for the Middle East. Great pain falls on humanity, which, powerless, will suffer. Powerful armies will penetrate the borders, and peace will be violated. Accelerated daily life has weakened the peace in man and led him to live in constant personal violence, through which the enemy of man will enter and move the masses to levels never seen before, and the violence will be unprecedented. Beloved, prepare yourselves, give yourselves the opportunity to unite with Me, turn to My Mother. I am the shepherd who does not lose sight of his sheepfold. Come to me, do not be afraid, I am forgiveness, truth, I am life in abundance. Do not be afraid, I am Mercy. I have called you to conscious change, to sustain the will, to be transformed by my Spirit into new beings, filled with my holiness and my peace. The moment in which you remain requires change, and I am here to receive you. Do not be afraid. I am Forgiveness and I am Mercy, if a person is willing to live by witnessing My deeds and works. Evil will show its power with severity. Do not fear, do not be afraid, I remain in anticipation of the call of my children. My strength will be the support of my people, my Love - its nourishment. My people, my beloved people, do not despise the signs of nature that surround you. Nature invites you to be one in my Love, nature calls you to solidarity. I bless you; my peace be in each of you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 12 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. I encourage you to receive my Son, present in the Eucharist. You must not turn away from this Sacrament; you must gather in your soul the strength you receive from the Body and Blood of my Son. Man sheds his sin on the earth, and the earth accepts him, takes him in. Already the earth is emanating man's sin towards man himself, who is sucking it up again, and sin is changing man's behavior and actions, leading him to unpredictable levels of evil, moral disorder. My beloved ones, revolts are approaching in several countries. You will see that blood will flow. Do not expect purification as a purification coming only from the hand of man, purifying himself, but rather the purification includes the desire of creation itself for the radical change of man. All the elements are uniting at this moment to cooperate with you. Very few will awaken, very few, fewer than you can imagine. Most have given up their minds and fallen into unholy passions from which they do not want to come out, and Heaven, respecting man's free will, awaits the return of each of you with its mercy. The Earth, having emitted the sin it carries within itself, will cause violent upheavals of nature. Do not wait any longer, it is necessary for you to return to the right path, to put aside rationalistic ideas and thoughts, and instead reason in the Divine way. Science, which man has manipulated for evil, will be the cause of the lament of all mankind. Pray my beloved, pray for peace throughout the world. Pray my beloved children, pray for Mexico, it will mourn its suffering in great measure. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for Chile, it will mourn. Pray for Peru, it will mourn. All of you, pray for yourselves, that in you may be reborn that love to which I call you again, Christocentric love, love for my Son in eternal obedience. Do not disregard my calls and do not retreat from those who do not believe, from those who insult you or fight against you. Forward my children, do not be afraid! You count on Heaven's protection, you also count on this Mother. Do not be afraid brothers and sisters, offer everything for the Salvation of souls. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 15 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I look upon humanity and search for My people in it. I see souls thirsting for My Love going down the wrong paths, lost in what is worldly. I call on everyone to turn quickly to Me. Anyone who comes to Me with a repentant heart, I will receive without delay. Keep your eyes open, so that you will not be deceived by evil. Let obedience be your banner and keep your conscience awake, alert and pure, so that you will see beyond and decide to follow me. Not with mundane falsehood will you enter my House, but with good deeds and actions, with abundant fruit. I am coming soon for my people, and they must remain prepared. My beloved ones, do not go alone in search of goodness, goodness is not impossible. Knock on My door and I will open it, look you in the eye and give you My peace. Not he who calls upon Me by name is worthy of Me, but he who bears witness of Me. This generation has suffered and will continue to suffer. It has destroyed what I have given it. At this moment, it is mankind itself that has put its measure. You are not opening yourselves to the mystery of my Love, in which you can endure all this and in which you will find the strength to overcome. My true children are those who are the image and sign of my Love for humanity. I encourage you to look sincerely within yourselves and find in the mystery of your heart what hinders you from coming closer to Me. Be aware of the responsibility that each of you has to your fellow man, in this way you will measure your commitment to humanity and to Me. I am sending you signs that are not strange to you, so that you may perceive and be assured of the nearness of the prophecies in which I have repeated the shaking of the earth and the rushing of the waters. Pray, my beloved ones, pray and intercede for one another. Pray for Mexico, do not abandon it in your prayers. Pray for Japan, she will suffer. Pray for those who do not believe and love me. I desire from each of you the realization and fulfillment of this 'yes' that you have given me, being love, mercy and forgiveness. Do not look at life from afar or at your neighbors, do not continue to be disinterested spectators in the unfolding of events; every person is an active participant in history. I come for those who are Mine, I come for their hearts and for their love. My Mercy remains before all, receiving them into My Heart to free them from eternal death. I am Love, come to Me. On this day when my Love pours out special grace on penitent sinners, I bless the existence of those who treasure this word of mine. My Love is for all, without distinction. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 18 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. There is a path before each of you, and in the human will each one chooses the one he desires. The way remains open and will remain open until the last moment of life, just as the infinite mercy of my Divine Son remains open. Do not call a father whom you do not respect as a father. Do not say: believe if you do not believe. Do not ask for bread if you have not worked to earn it. Do not ask for water if you do not seek it yourself. Life, children, is constant work, but in reality you want everything to come without the slightest effort, in exchange for nothing. You do not seek merit, but those merits are to be given to you. At the moment, humanity is in its great majority, empty, empty in interests, in thoughts, in desires to excel, but above all empty in God. What is man without God? He is nothing, he is a being completely inert, completely devoid of everything, oblivious to everything, completely empty. My children, I encourage you again to get down on your knees, to be aware of this moment so groundbreaking in human history. Groundbreaking because you are on the cusp of the fulfillment of prophecies. You hear the word prophecy in all the media, you hear the word revelation, and you have not stopped to think or consider that the prophecies given years ago, given by Heaven, by my Son and by this Mother of yours, will be fulfilled, just as all the words from Heaven have been fulfilled. The comings and goings of everyday life, the unravelling of the mind, the unsteadiness of human beings make you think that what was foretold will not happen. When you think that time is passing and events are not coming, you scoff at the word of my Son and mine, but the moment has come when you will not be able to scoff, but a cry will come from the eyes of those who have not believed. The word asking for help will reach the lips of those who persecuted the prophets of my Son, those who, exposing themselves to a world without God, opened their mouths to proclaim the plans of the Father's House. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, think again! You must show respect for the word of my Son, it is fulfilled, and when He appoints a person to a special mission, He takes over completely. You who call yourselves my children cannot be determined to change in one aspect or in a few aspects, but there must be a total and radical absolute change. My Son does not want children only for a limited period of time, he does not want you to be the one to say: 'I have changed a little,' because those he will spit out of his mouth. These are not moments for those who are lukewarm, but for the children of faith, for those who devote themselves completely and engage in this life of the spirit, which requires detachment from all these tastes, desires, pleasures and wants, detachment until it hurts, until the human ego bleeds. Children: at this crucial moment, you must not pretend to serve my Son, to be my children and mess with the world, with what is worldly, for you will become the prey of Satan. He who is of my Son is of my Son, and he who is not of my Son is not of my Son. At this moment, those who are truly faithful and those who disguise themselves in moments to feign false faithfulness will face each other. The earth continues to shake in its desire for man to turn his eyes to his Creator. Pray children, pray for one another. Intercede for the Holy Church, which sometimes loses its holiness through its unfaithful children who betray it. Pray children, pray for the United States. Pray for the Middle East. Pray children, because the fury that the earth has in it is emerging, coming to the surface, and my poor children are suffering greatly. The waters are stirring again, I urge you to pray for each other, to be of one heart, to protect each other, to live in unity and to be of one heart. The devil seeks to divide my children, this is the weapon with which he fights. Unite yourselves! If you know that this is the weapon, fight with unity, with unity. Love one another! How much has been revealed to you, how much you know, and this is the moment to put it into practice! I want children who are active, not passive. Each of you must formulate a goal to be a spokesman for the Father's House, to move the hearts of your brothers and sisters, to raise your voice with courage and to be one more believer in my ranks. My Son has entrusted His mystical body to me to guide it in these coming moments, and so as a Mother of good counsel, as a pilgrimage of love, I make a pilgrimage to every heart, seeking to have the door opened to me. Allow the Holy Spirit to pour into you the fullness of His gifts, the coming moments are extremely difficult and full of confusion for the Church. Keep your gaze on my Son, your thoughts, your heart and your will in my Son. Do not forget to use the Sacramentals, but above all, do not forget that if you do not remain in grace, they do not fulfill their purpose. Fight, fight with all your strength, with all your powers and senses, to remain on the right path, to continue to fight, but without falling, strong with the goal of remaining with my Son on that cross which, more than pain, means resurrection, glory, new life, and this is what you are being led to: resurrection. I bless you and call you to unity, so that you do not destroy, but build. Abide in the peace of my Son. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 22 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless your every heart, every mind, every thought, every look. I pilgrimage from essence to essence, appealing to the consciences of those who are mine, so that they do not separate, so that they remain in unity, strengthening each other with the word of God and fraternal love. Community - unity is a great wall in front of which evil cannot break through. This is the reason why evil supports the division of my children, realizing the reality of this decadent generation. The split comes not only through the rupture of relationships between brothers and sisters, but through distrust of my word and the word of my Son revealed by Heaven's elect to remove the band of sin that remains before the eyes of mankind. Whoever denies the immorality that prevails on earth remains outside reality. Whoever denies the indifference and disrespect towards my Son remains beyond reality. Whoever says that life is not despised and is no longer seen as a great gift that God has bestowed on humanity, remains outside reality. Whoever does not see the changes in nature, in the seasons, in the behavior of animals and in man himself, who has ceased to believe in God's omnipotence, remains outside reality. Whoever does not see the antichrists who manipulate all of humanity remains outside reality. Whoever does not see the disrespect with which my Son is treated in the Holy Eucharist, remains beyond reality. Beloved of my Heart, as the Mother of all, I suffer with each of you. From Heaven will come signs before which mankind will be in great amazement, and you will see God's omnipotence. Many will be amazed, and then they will return to live in the nothingness in which they move. I encourage you to cover the earth with the prayers of the Holy Rosary. Hard events are approaching humanity, which is spiritually inert, and you should be the lights that bring light and protection to your brothers and sisters. Beloved children, pray for India, they will suffer. Pray for Russia, she will suffer. Pray for my beloved land of Chile. Beloved ones, time as a human measure will vary, the seasons will vary even more before the earth is shaken. Continue to pray with the knowledge that every action is a prayer and every prayer is a blessing for all humanity. I bless you. I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 25 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my peace be with each of you. The moment is coming when I will call my people to prayer, and they will not know how to pray, but will speak, not keeping their minds and hearts in accord with what their mouths utter. Here I am, because I love you. Excluding none of my children, I come again for the good of all. The moment is coming when those who do not understand me, who do not carry me within them, who do not know me, who do not allow me to give myself to them, will close the doors of their hearts and come against my faithful. Prayer must be born from within your being, it must not be repetitive, but must be born from the heart, until your being vibrates in every word, feeling and thought. I have called on you to pray, to live this constant prayer, thus being my deed offered with all love to your brothers and sisters, ready to be a help, an understanding, a protection, a mercy to those who need it. To be a word that corrects, that gives light, not condoning what is sinful, but acting with love and severity, first for yourself, and after correcting yourself, towards your brothers and sisters. The moments are coming when humanity must hear what it did not want to hear, what it did not want to hear. The condition of this generation is catastrophic, my heavenly messengers, your comrades, are helping you without a proper response on your part. How many dangers have been spared to you thanks to your guardians! The heavenly messengers are not resting, they are experiencing pain in the face of the refusal of mankind, which pushes back conversion and attaches itself to the lord of lies and confusion. Saint Michael, the heavenly hierarch, along with myriads of his legions, await impatiently the reactions of humanity, the reactions of refusal before my Mother, who is on pilgrimage in all countries of the world, saving souls that the devil holds captive. These are the moments when lack of humility leads to denial of the state of darkness in which you live. Children, beware, this generation will experience what no other generation has experienced.... The burden of sin has managed to pour a bitter cup over humanity itself. Pray my beloved children, pray for Argentina, she will suffer, she will shake. Pray, my beloved children, pray for Mexico, it will suffer. Pray for El Salvador, it will lament. Life in peace is coming for all the faithful, live and proclaim the truth, love me in the Eucharist, strengthen yourselves for what is coming. After darkness, after purification, the sun of my Love will shine for all, you will have no more pain, suffering will be only a memory. Be defenders of life and the innocent. Only through my Love will you return to the path of peace. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 28 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I bless you. I will never leave you, you are my children, I will not abandon you. Do not doubt my protection, I am not an invention, 'I am the Truth and the Life', I am the Lord of the Harvest. As heavy as the cross is, do not be discouraged, it is the weight of my Love that demands you. Children, some receive My Word and believe that they love Me without measure, but that measure may be less than you think. If your faith is not strong and grounded on a firm rock, you may fall. I urge you not to stop calling on me. Do not turn away from my Mother, her maternal love keeps her constantly fighting for each of you, even if you do not recognize it. All my people must bear fruit. He who does not bear fruit is like a fig tree, he is fruitless. My children bear fruit, and fruit is not born if you are not in prayer. You achieve this only when you seek and accept My Will in each of you, and when you give to your brothers and sisters with love, with faith and with charity. My children: this is a moment of urgent conversion. The bonds by which Satan has bound you do not allow you to see the grave mistake you are making, forgetting me, despising me, do not allow you to see your conscience. Because of this, great suffering is imminent, rumblings on the ocean and on land, the stars will send signals, the sun and the moon will not be the same. I have touched hearts, and they have been hardened. I will tear the veil of shame and denial, with a warning. Everyone will be in life in my presence and will see themselves without masks, every person will know that God exists. Pray beloved children, pray for Belgium, she will suffer. Pray for the Netherlands, she will suffer. Pray for the Middle East, it is bringing pain to the world. My beloved: people spin very human predictions, they have forgotten that even the mighty, neither human science nor the power of the antichrist will triumph over My faithful, because 'I am the Alpha and Omega. I will break the pride of those who call themselves powerful. My people will be purified, My Church will be purified, but the purification will not go beyond what I allow. My Church will go through the crucible; it will come out renewed, whiter than snow, sanctified, and My people will live, enjoying My House from above. I bless the perseverance, the readiness, the effort, the resignation in me, I bless your faith. I bless each and every one of you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 02 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I urge you to join me in praying the Queen of Heaven's prayer daily, especially during this month; to be sacrificed for all humanity, but do not neglect the Holy Rosary. You are my children, I love you. Humanity is a constant and continuous journey in which I come to meet you and offer you My protection. Humanity is not alone. At this moment I invite you to be followers of my Love, devotion, purity and silence. I call all my children to be worshippers of my Son, to be evangelizers and witnesses of His Love, mercy and forgiveness. My Immaculate Heart weeps because the innocent suffer from human indifference that commercializes life! My Heart is pierced by the insults suffered by the innocent! Because I am the Mother of love who is constantly on pilgrimage, I call upon you to defend the gift of life. The poisonous fruit of evil will lead people to despise this sacred gift, accelerating the plagues that flow from evil, which is caused by people themselves. Even if they try to close their eyes, humanity will be stopped and confronted before its own abomination. Children dare not raise their voices.... and those few who do, are silenced by the arrogant. My beloved ones, wisdom has been blocked by the ignorance of the arrogant. The humble and wise have been exiled by those in power. My Son is abandoned more each time. The mighty mock the delay of the foretold events, the punishments that this generation has created itself will come and come, and the earth will lament. Prepare yourselves, my Son will return; and what will he find? Mankind is hurting my Heart with its constant influx of evil deeds masked by ignorance. Children, the flame of sorrow surrounds the earth, and my Heart is pierced with thorns. Sorrow is spreading throughout the world. Pray children, pray for Russia, it will suffer. Pray for Mexico, it will suffer. Pray for Spain. Pain will be part of the daily life of a nation in the south, the mind of the people blinded by evil, it does not stop. My children, once again I encourage you to pray, be messengers of peace, humility and love. However, be pure, for impurity is the source of grave sins. Do not attach yourselves to earthly things, it will only make you hate My Son. Right now your duty is to spread my message throughout the world, receive my Blessing and spread it to your brothers and sisters. Time does not count. Children of my Heart: do not stop releasing the many blessings that are within you, my faithful ones. In the way you release the dove, release your blessings to every human creature on earth. Such is the Church of my Son, which loves, which blesses, which preaches in spirit and in truth, in truth as in the new time, in which the seed must be sown by my faithful, and that seed will bear fruit again and peace will reign in every heart and in all creation. The sun of love of my Son and my womb, the ark of salvation, will make the sun shine over the whole earth, and the truth will bring blessings from above to people of good will. Streams of blessings will flow from Heaven for my Son's people, and the light will shine without respite, and the mantle of the universe will shine with the divine love that has been imprinted on it for all human creatures. My hand will banish the oppressor, and my children will rejoice in the truth. Evil will not prevail against a faithful people. I bless you; peace be with you and your families. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 04 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I love you. You must act, trusting in my protection, everything that happens I hold in my hands, nothing happens if I do not allow it. Everything has been foretold, everything precedes my coming. My faithful must keep faith and not fear, but wait with patience, knowing of My return in power, Glory and Majesty. The sun alone will no longer shine, I will illuminate everything created, I will be the sun, the moon and the stars. All must be aware that I am coming a second time and I will judge the living and the dead. In those moments when this generation will experience grave events, fear will overwhelm those who despise me or say they love me, doing evil to their neighbor like birds of prey. I will return with power, the strength of my legions will be felt, the earth will tremble. The love of my legions will be the sun that will illuminate the earth in that moment of glory, in which the wheat will be raised toward me and the chaff will be left to burn. Every knee will bow before my majesty, they will know that I have come, and they will see that my Word announced by my prophets is fulfilled, and those who humiliated and mocked you for my sake will witness my great power. All those who call themselves Christians and live and practice my laws must stand steadfast during all the events that will precede my coming. This moment is a moment so great that I will act universally and directly before my coming, pouring out my Mercy on all human creation. I will intervene directly with each of my children, each one will be responsible for his actions before me and before himself, each one will see the good he has done and what he has not done, and the evil he has done to himself and to his neighbor. Every human being in particular will be aware of all the evil done in those times when no human being has ever lived. This moment is immediate and compels you to approach this sign, which foreshadows the explosive perversity of this generation, I urge you not to be among those who refuse to repent. Satan no longer prowls, he has infiltrated mankind, silencing people's senses so that they do not see sin as it is; demeaning thoughts to offend my Father as no man has ever done before. You have undermined my Commandments, and those who call themselves my children, my faithful, my servants, are devouring one another, while Satan is fanning the flames to make the conflicts greater and to make my Church devour itself. Be united and intercede for: Japan, pray, will suffer. Pray for Mexico. Pray for Canada. Beloved ones: all those dedicated to my service must fight to save souls. Fight with Love and Mercy, prayer and service, accompaniment and truth, building on the witness of your lives. Proclaim my Word with courage, even if you are scorned for my sake, even by your own brothers. My beloved priests, my beloved, do not be afraid, cluster my flock, proclaim the truth to this generation that is growing in sin; you will be scorned and persecuted not only by the world. I need holy priests, steadfast and convinced that this is the moment to preach at all times. My people, be careful, I have endowed you with senses to be used for good; do not praise me with your tongue if you use it against your brother. I penetrate the depths of the soul. Cherish my supplications, for they are not in vain. Look within yourself, grow spiritually, do not forget that if you do not love your brother, you do not love me. Satan divides my Church in order to hurt it deeply. You, my mystical body, do not be blinded, be souls of prayer and communion. Do not waver, I am who I am. All bow at my feet, and my people are protected, my legions with their light will be a beacon to guide my children. Do not fear, you are protected. My people are accompanied by their brothers: my heavenly messengers who protect you and watch over you constantly. My Mother is the light that illuminates the path of My people. Do not be afraid, she is the Mother of all mankind. After purification, my Mother will crush Satan and evil will be wiped out. I bless you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 10 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing is for each of you, you are my children. My hands remain on humanity, surrounding you with My Holy Rosary. It is not with bread alone that man lives, it is not with works of good faith alone that you remain on the road, but you must talk to my Son at some point in the day, you must keep a space where you can withdraw and talk to my Son. Personal prayer is very important. The noise among you does not allow you to listen and see the signs of the times that are near. Humanity, my children, denies the coming events that are approaching in this generation. They deny them out of fear, because they lack closeness to God and by being careless of the Commandments they should obey. Therefore, I will call upon my priests to see through the truth, and I will call upon the people of my Son to live in the Christian way, and not in a false religiosity that will not lead mankind to enjoy the coveted treasure. The way of dressing, immorality, lack of conscience, degradation of society should not be considered unimportant, they should not be overlooked, but it is necessary to be zealous in preaching and open people's consciences and hearts. Hell not only desires to keep souls within itself, but the demons feel pleasure in seeing my children receive my Son in the Eucharist, and later, like an ardent fire, they live in hatred, in revenge, in jealousy, disguised as goodwill or considering themselves defenders of my Son's Church. Time changes depending on the response of the people, if the response is in accordance with the will of my Son, then time increases. However, the response of this generation is so lamentable that time is immediate, and a moment is not a moment. The stars, moon and sun will not cease to shine, but people will not be able to see them, through the darkness that will come upon the earth due to the contamination of man's senses. Children, you are living in one moment, seize it and be conscious of your conscience. To remain steadfast on the path of righteousness is a condition of being able to continue, don't forget to be humble, don't forget to support each other, to be brotherly, to ask for Divine help, without which you will not be able to go. The coming moments will not be kind to any of you. My children will be persecuted by the followers of the antichrist. Those who deny him at this time will see it fulfilled, and my words will vibrate in their hearts. My beloved ones: pray for England, it will suffer greatly. Pray for Peru, it will be bewildered. Pray for Uruguay, sorrow will come. The waters will rise, the earth will tremble strongly in various places, and fire will come out of the ground. The signs will intensify, look up. My beloved of My Heart, I announced to mankind that they must remain in My Immaculate Heart, and this has not happened. You are my children, you have been entrusted to me, and I will keep you together with my messengers, your guardians, so that they will not be lost, not even a little. Be assured of a glorious sunrise, where everything will be past and peace will come, and my Son will reign. Be creatures of faith and in faith continue on your way. Do not distance yourselves from my Son, He will take care of His people. The faithful will not be humiliated. I bless you, I keep you in my Heart, do not be afraid, I am your Mother. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 13 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my pleading heart constantly reaches to the throne of the Blessed Trinity, pleading for each of my children. I come again to call you to conversion, do not disregard this brief moment to offer yourselves voluntarily to my Son, the way, the truth and the life. How many more miracles must your eyes see in order to open to Him who is all love? Chaos reigns, and at the moment miracles are given constantly, but you do not see them, you do not feel them; they cannot penetrate your stony heart, it is not softened by God's goodness. Children, you will suffer when the power and dominion of the antichrist's tentacles contaminate all mankind, which will weaken the mind and magnetize thoughts, so that people will perform acts contrary to the teachings of my Son. The enemy of mankind moves swiftly and is not far away. He has established his headquarters in all nations and has ordered the swift execution of his strategies against my children; his mark has already been imprinted in human flesh, spreading it with speed. Control of the people is the goal of the antichrist, because a moment becomes a short moment, evil will accelerate its plans to first gain control through food and health, and then you will be completely controlled, because you will lose your will. Your free will, will be subject to the orders of the one who deceives people; the son of darkness will rise with the consent of his followers. The exploitation of human dignity, the creation of atomic energy, the alteration and contamination of food, the abuse of technology, are just some of the tentacles of the antichrist, who planned them long ago to degrade you. Unbelief feeds evil and gives it weapons to attack without mercy those who, having renounced my Son, give in to all the ingenuity of evil that comes to them. The family for whom I asked for prayer is in a concentration camp, where the followers of the antichrist are destroying the minds of children, young people and adults, depriving them of morality by making them watch the monster that is television. Addictions are spreading with the wind to all the young, who are deprived of control and dominion. My beloved ones, do not continue to ignore my calls, this is part of the painful reality of humanity dominated and confused under the control of the powerful and the painful struggle for one government. Do not walk in this darkness, look up to the firmament, the work of the hands of the Creator Father, which shines, inviting you to look beyond what your eyes can see. You are not alone, my heavenly messengers, united in the will of my Son, will guide you if you ask with love, with faith and with awareness. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, pray for Japan. Pray for Nepal. Pray for Italy, the seat of my Son's Church will be shaken, causing consternation Children, listen to my calls and ask for grace to the Lord of the Harvest; the laborers have not reaped the harvest, and the birds of prey devour them without mercy. Unite yourselves into one heart that beats together with divine love that restrains evil. The unity of my children is a wall that evil cannot cross. Live in brotherly love; united and consecrated to my Immaculate Heart, you will defeat the enemy. I lead you along the paths of peace, strength and faith toward my Son. It is His will that all be saved. Do not be afraid, I am here, I am the Mother of humanity. The promise of my Son's Second Coming overcomes all desperation for His people. See what awaits you in my risen Son. Abide in faith. I bless you on this special day. I love you, you are my children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 16 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I bless you. What food is to the body, prayer is to the spirit; pray, you cannot continue your journey without prayer. At this time, I call on all groups that are aligned with my Church to stop and look at their foundations. Are the foundations on a firm rock? Take a look at your work, see if you are instruments that bring good to your brothers and sisters and your communities. Prayer groups must be practical: I came to walk among sinners, to bring good news, to preach love, peace, forgiveness and humility. I call on lay people dedicated to my Church to be humble. Do not boast about your commitment to my Church, but be aware of the humility you must show and the commitment you have made to witness before the communities. To those who lead their prayer groups and their members, I ask you to take a careful look inside each person. I do not wish, this is not a moment for Pharisees, I do not wish for Pharisees, I wish for true children who with the gift of a sincere word adore me, not like those who adore me in front of others, and behind their backs are like swords. To these I encourage them to reflect on themselves, and to those who have venomous tongues that destroy their neighbors, I tell them to reflect on themselves. I urge my shepherds, should a shepherd allow even one sheep to flee from his flock or remain hungry because he doesn't like it? No; I am not like that, he does not represent me. I came to welcome everyone; I did not come to publicly expose any of the sheep, but to publicly welcome them. At this moment I desire peace and unity, the evil one enslaves in every place. And my people are opening their doors so that they can enter and destroy. The weapon with which my people will defeat him is called: unity. Very difficult times are approaching for my Church, for which I call on you today to pray constantly. Very painful moments are approaching for humanity in the face of an earth that is once again trembling strongly, and from within it emanates a fire that will destroy everything in its path. I call on you to pray for my beloved Japan. I call on you to pray for the United States, my beloved children. The waters will rise and flood the land, coastal zones will suffer, all people will suffer. Communism will rise in the guise of a mask of peace and alliance. Pray, my children, pray for the Middle East, pray for China. My beloved ones, the elements, by the man who banished me from his heart, will unite so that people will turn towards me, look into your conscience, realize that I gave my life for you and I come for you, I come with Power and Majesty, with glory, I come to be heard, for I come to call my people and separate the chaff. The fig tree that has not borne fruit will remain dry next to the chaff. I call upon you, my children, to continue on the path of humility. Humility is the way of my Gospel. Humility is helping those in need, it is carrying my word of truth to those who deny me, it is raising my voice when they deny me, it is looking straight into the eyes of those who have forgotten me. What would people be without me? My mercy is infinite, and my justice is true. You preach a God of mercy who has set aside His justice. You have forgotten that in the end I will call you and ask you to account for your deeds and for what I have given you and how much you have multiplied it. I am love and I am justice, otherwise I would not be perfect. The powerful, the leaders of mankind, are feeding the tentacles of the antichrist, providing power to control my children. They have polluted the food! They have polluted and attacked the minds of my children so that they diminish the value of the gift of life! They have put drugs in medicine to destroy the body of my children and thus annihilate a great part of humanity! The Antichrist is moving, moving, and not exactly discreetly, but in front of everyone's eyes. He will rise up and fight against my people, but don't forget that I will send my messengers as your companions of the road and my heavenly legions to help my people in their fight against evil. Therefore, I ask my people to continually grow in faith, to be united, and to be able to clearly distinguish those who are not my true children, as they seem to be, because they have set themselves up to persecute my people. I proclaim through my prophets, although no one is listened to in his city as I am, but I ask you to listen and for my words to reach deep into your hearts, be open and let your senses be assaulted by my love, because the moment is difficult. How many of my children mock my calls, but when they bend their knees before what is to come, I will accept them if they convert with all their hearts. Do not stop praying. A great nation is about to perish, the sun will have a great impact on mankind, it desires to awaken man and in its desire to awaken man, the sun will have a great impact. You, my people, continue powerfully, using the gift of the word to glorify me and to ask and plead for those who do not love me and do not expect my second coming. Convert, the moment is no longer a moment, convert my children. Repent, change your mortal life, meditate and return to this Christ of yours who loves you and waits for you. I love you, bleeding as I am, scourged and in pain. I love you infinitely and wait for you. I will not be tired to call you, for I love you and in this my love: I bless the eyes of those who read my calls. I bless the ears of those who listen to my calls. I bless the hearts of those who treasure my calls. I bless the thoughts of those who do not forget my calls. I bless the hands that share my calls. I bless the feet of those who go and carry my calls to their families. I bless your loved ones. I bless your work. I bless your spirit as you remain united with Me. For those who love Me and wait for Me, they are the lighthouse that illuminates this land of darkness. You are the light that calls me, you are the light that draws me to you, you are the magnet that keeps me united with my people. Continue to pray and be active, I do not wish only passive prayer, I wish prayer and action. Remain in my Heart, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 20 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, each of you is a part of My Sacred Heart, where I protect you, if you allow Me to do so. I do not transgress the free will of man. I give you My word, I warn you and I call out to you. Children, keep the faith, you are My faithful people in whom I am well pleased. In these moments, when the cosmos in general is moving over the earth, do not distance yourselves from My presence. Whatever happens is for the good of man, who has cut himself off from union with My House. This ends in chaos, disrespect for oneself and one's neighbor, creating a reality so dangerous that it has become worse than in the days when Cain committed the crime against his brother Abel. Technology is the Cain that usurped minds, leaving empty bodies, and those bodies are at the mercy of sin. At the moment, humanity is living in such great sin that it is even greater than when my Father sent the universal flood. It is not the Divine Hand that cleanses, but man himself in a power struggle with the misuse of nuclear energy that will destroy everything in its path. Surpassing the time of the Tower of Babel, people are competing with their Savior. People have created confusion, mistakes and selfishness for themselves. My devotion to mine is quickly forgotten. At the moment, my Passion of love is seen as a distant past, although I live in my people. I painfully see so many souls who are lost for lack of a single good word about this great truth, which is My presence in every human being. What libertinism, lack of restraint, indignation, vices, degenerations and denials I hear again and again from the mouths of those who should adore Me! This is the reason for supplications, signs that you should not leave unnoticed, because they speak for themselves. On earth I established the Church so that my people would not go astray, and now they are sailing on a sea of storms. Society is depraving my consecrated, society is drawing them away from their duties, infiltrating them with human power and degrading my teachings. I will come and call out to the consciences of the people, without warning. I will call and enter so that they will see their atrocities and repent. I will put everyone before myself, and there will not be any human creature who will resist my Will in my fervent desire to save them, in spite of this some will persist in sin, renouncing me. Beloved ones, pray the Holy Rosary for Chile. Pray for El Salvador. Pray for my Church, she will weep. Those who do not love their neighbor walk the earth, causing damage. Those who degrade themselves with sin, harden consciences and the lives of the young, the word, a precious gift, harbors impurity. Children, the roar of volcanoes will awaken you; the wind intensifies and blows causing pain and destruction. The earth trembles with force. Demons move swiftly, stealing souls; be humble and meek, lest you fall. I am who I am. My people are my people. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 23 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, the journey of my Church has been stained with blood because of purification. In each age, my faithful were purified, and with each purification their spiritual environment led them to rise. They turned more towards me and understood my Love and my call. This generation is no exception. As in the past, which you know, but which you try to forget, aware of it, this generation will be severely tested. Behind each purification, faith, hope and glory are born. There is a rebirth of faith and confidence in my protection towards those who are mine. I am the head of the Church, and you are my mystical body; a mystical body without division, a mystical body of unity and brotherhood. But it is a mystical body formed by people who do not listen to My Commandments. My Mercy constantly hears the pleas of those who are aware of their wrongdoing and are quick to return. I receive them immediately and rescue them. I have called upon My consecrated sons to live a life of humility, without pomp and material riches. On the contrary, let them abound in spiritual riches, in love for my fold, in understanding and attention to the sinner. At this time, when various streams affect my people, turning them away from true faith, I encourage you again to look to me, to listen to the word, to see my Cross, and to see more than the fullness I offer you. The world offers immediate happiness, moments of pleasure, moments of warmth, fleeting moments.... I offer you eternal life. To my faithful, the way of the cross seems difficult, they see it as too high and are left looking at themselves and their fatigue. This is not right. Don't look at yourselves, don't look at what you are leaving behind, don't look at the world from which you are separating yourself; look at Me, and I will give you the strength and fortitude you need to walk hand in hand with Me. How many faltered, but persisted, not stopping to look at me! That is why they were victorious. The saints were saints because of their struggle for complete purification, to which they were subjected on my part and themselves willingly accepted. I constantly encourage you to be different, but don't hurt yourself because you are different, rejoice in the fact that you are different from the world current. The faith of my people will be put to a severe test. I encourage you with my heart not to look to men, but to look to me. I, the head of my Church, offer you eternal goods. Woe to him who puts his faith in men! Look to me to overcome the coming moments. I am the head of my Church, my people, and I make no distinction between my children. I encourage you to join forces, to reach out to your brothers and sisters. All are children of the same Father, all seek Eternal Salvation, all seek me. Unite yourselves, do not separate yourselves. I am sending you your brothers, messengers, companions in life; you can count on the intercession of the blessed, you can count on my House to protect you. Don't feel alone, don't be overwhelmed on this path, because overwhelm is Satan's strategy to make you stop and retreat, and get entangled again in the worldly. How many events, which have already been mentioned, await this humanity that has exceeded the measure of sin! How many rulers of the nations have ascribed to themselves the power of My Commandments and thrown them to the ground, offering promiscuity to their people in order to gain followers! 'I am who I am'! And I will come with a firm hand to put everyone on the scale. It is not I who condemns, it is man who willingly gives himself over to evil and still does not understand it, in order to make it easier for himself to walk in evil. Beloved people, pray for one another, intercede for one another, so that the spiritual strength of one may be the strength that lifts those who feel weary. Pray, for the sun will cause man pain. Pray, pray for my beloved Japan. Pray to my Mother, that she, who understands everything, will take you by the hand and lead you to me. Her mantle is the firmament, covering, protecting and giving light to all my children, even those who do not recognize her as Mother. My beloved people, the purification of the institution of my Church has begun. Continue to love me, pray to me, receive me, continue to love me, pray to me, receive me, strengthen yourselves in my word and take refuge in my Mercy 'I am who I am!', 'I am your God!'. Come to me, look to me. I have called you so much, not to look, but only at Me, to raise your eyes to Me, to quiet your insides, to hear Me! I come for my faithful, for those who are persecuted, for those who suffer, for those who sacrifice, for those who proclaim the truth which is my truth, for those who proclaim in the hope of my Love and my infinite mercy. 'I am your God!', do not turn away from Me your eyes, your thoughts, your conscience; do not forget that 'I am your God!'. And I strengthen my mystical body. I gave myself for you, and for my faithful I will return again. Abide in love, in brotherhood, do not be distracted, concentrate in my Love. The earth will shake, but most of my children focus only on the earthquake, and do not notice that my Church is shaking.... pray, love one another, live in brotherhood, proclaim the truth of my Word, meditate on my Word and defend the oppressed, love the poor, forgive sinners and receive them with love, keep my Commandments and you will enter into communion with me. I bless you, I love you, my people, do not forget that 'I am your God'. I bless those who read this word of mine, gaining strength to continue on this path without fear. Just as I gave myself for my people, I ask my people to hear my call and look to me. Remain in my peace. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 27 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, 'love God above all things and your neighbor as yourself' in a sea of Divine power there is one priority: love.... So that unity may come... so that His people remain united.... so that what is a hindrance, what chains you to the ego, what attaches you to the mundane, must die in each of you.... My Son needs renewed vessels into which to pour His Spirit. My children are struggling, agonizing in this wave that humanity has formed with its delusional raptures of liberalism and conscious modernism, which has led to great depravity. Don't forget, children, that witnessing is preaching, and this, at this time, the divine desire continues to assert itself through the actual disciples of my Son, who continue to share the word before it becomes dark. Do not forget that not all who say, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the Kingdom of Heaven. Life as being a witness to my Son is for heroes, the struggle at the moment is strong, but my children are assured that defeat only occurs when they look at themselves and enter the darkness, because they keep the promise of God's protection on them if they trust. Beloved, conversion exudes renewal, and this exudes witness, under the guidance of the Holy Spirit. I intercede for each of you, I make a pilgrimage from heart to heart, my desire is to unite all of you with the will of my Son, so that you will see the truth of these moments and not be seduced by evil. Pray and be faithful, do not lose your dignity as the children of God that you are. Do not despise the word, do not despise the call, and do not let power, injustice, money, evil, revenge or contempt for your brothers and sisters corrupt you. Pray and do not sleep, stay awake. The spirit must remain ready for the snares of the evil one, who fights furiously to divide my children; he knows that through divisions he penetrates and destroys. Pray, the earth is shaking, pray. You will see great signs in the sky, divine power makes them descend, calling for repentance. Man sees and persists in perversity, in jealousy, in hatred and untruth. Then my Son will come to call his people, no longer out of love, but out of justice. Beloved children of my Heart, I remain before you, waiting to be called, to guide you to a safe haven. You will never be alone. By divine design, I will fight for every soul, I do not want more souls to be lost, you must attain true faith and cry out for Heaven's protection. Be my messengers of peace, and at the same time be preachers of the urgency of change, do not give up easily. Here I am to guide you. I bless you, ask for the Holy Spirit and his gifts, not for personal glory, but for the good of souls. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 30 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children, I bless you. My maternal mantle remains over each of my children. Allow the virtues that flow from it to permeate your senses, and in this way you will be submissive clay in the Hands of my Son, and not clay hardened by what is material and worldly, what is temporary and subtle. You who are faithful to the call from the Father's House must constantly ask the Holy Spirit for wisdom to abide as people of faith. Who, who dares to claim that humanity is not fighting a spiritual battle at the moment? Who can deny that humanity is fighting, fighting spiritually from moment to moment, when it is torn between good and evil, and the worldly is winning over most of my children? Is it possible that my words and my calls are not certain, since you deny them? Look clearly at the reality: evil conquers souls through vices of all kinds. Do not wait for this monstrosity of evil, the antichrist, to present himself before mankind; he is already at work in everything that is contrary to goodness and the teachings of my Son. I look at the earth from afar and see it empty. I see abandoned temples. You have forgotten that every person is the Temple and Tabernacle of the Holy Spirit, who grieves in those who live in evil. My Son is reclaiming you, calling His people to grow in faith and to prepare themselves. Already others have perished, and the faithful have been saved by God's hands to become the first fruits of a new people. Do not forget that in order to enter the promised land that awaits you, you must be a rock ready to be carved by the Divine Sculptor and to pass through the crucible. I know what pain is. At the foot of the Cross, my Heart was torn, but love for the Will of the Father and the same obedience of my Son, surpassed the human pain in me. This is also how they must be faithful, on the contrary, they will perish. My Son foresees His coming. This is not the end of the world. I point out to you that my Son will come with a great sign of His Infinite Mercy, out of love for His elect, He will come to put this generation on the scales. He will come with Power, Glory and Majesty; His heavenly hosts will prostrate themselves at the four cardinal points, and the earth will tremble before the Infinite Light. The stars will be so close to the earth that man will think they have broken away from the firmament. The heavenly hosts will sing the Glory, Majesty and Power of the King. My beloved, be love, be gentle and merciful. Forgive those who offend you, but above all, stand part of the unity of the faithful, which, like an impregnable wall, strengthens one another. Rejoice in brotherly love for your brothers and sisters. My Son is waiting for you in the Tabernacle, my Son is waiting for you in the Tabernacle! My Son desires to nourish you so that you will gain strength and persevere in the coming moment. Pray, my people, pray for Argentina, it will be shaken. Pray, pray for Mexico, do not forget it in your prayers. Pray for all those who analyze my calls to deny them and confuse the people of my Son. How much I have called upon you through all my revelations, in which I announced to humanity the norms that must be followed to prevent this coming catastrophe! You have not fulfilled my great request for consecration.... that would have stopped so much suffering to come. Be preachers and proclaimers of the truth. Do not be afraid, for the events of this moment do not contradict my constant calls. I love you, I bless you, I protect you. You are the people of my Son; with Him, hand in hand, you will reach the new Jerusalem. You will adore and behold my Son, because you are His people and He is your God. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 03 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, the sun shines in the sky, it does not hide from people, it shines for the good and it shines for sinners. Such is my love: it gives light to all, guides all, shields all, speaks to all and calls all. I call on those who are mine to abide in consciousness at my word: this is faith. I call upon you to abide in faith. Take my calls seriously, accept them with humility, listen to the voice of the Holy Spirit, so that as you abide in Him, you abide in the Father and in me, with the strength needed to overcome the attacks of the malignant, all united as brothers and sisters. I see the hearts and know to what end each is striving; I bless the faithful and mourn the unfaithful. In this humanity so intoxicated with what is worldly, man does not focus his attention on reality, on his reality; he keeps it hidden. The moments are coming when those who abuse power will abound, the servants of their master, who, like earthly gods, will crush the sincerity of the heart, forgetting that my people are not alone. I continue to watch over them. The struggle between good and evil takes place in every era, even more so in this one, which is not an era. My people must accept my word, lest they go astray. Do not turn away, do not sleep when evil is at work. Come to me, accept me, do not turn away. Great tribulations are approaching, nature does not hold back hostility, the Church institution is suffering greatly, and my Church will be heavily purified. Wolves are circling my sheep. Children, I am waiting for you in the Tabernacle. This generation has come to a standstill, spiritually distancing itself en masse from me, unimaginably completely surrendered to sin, made efforts to build extremely destructive weapons, with the intention of dominating one power by another. When man sees the great destruction and irreparable evil he has committed, he will have no means of reparation ..., and that is where my Mother will come to the aid of her children. Abandonment of the Commandments and spiritual ignorance make people more irrational and hard-hearted towards themselves and their fellow human beings. Pray, beloved children, pray for China. Pray for El Salvador, it will lament. Pray for England, she will suffer. Pray for Nicaragua. Children, my people, do not rest, do not give up, stand firm in faith, confident in my word and my protection. Pray, make reparation for the insults of My Sacred Heart and My Blessed Mother. The dark clouds will pass and the sun will shine again for those who are Mine. My Mother does not turn away, she remains with each of you. I am your God, do not be afraid. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 06 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Sacred Heart, my heavenly hosts remain vigilant guides, fighting against human selfishness, so that you will once again follow the path I have set before you. My Mother, Queen of Angels, presides over the heavenly hosts so that your traveling companions will guide and enlighten you. These heavenly brothers of yours, completely faithful to My Will, are guiding you. Man rebels and does not listen to them, it is a constant struggle. At this moment, evil is fighting to steal the souls of my children. I urge you to be aware of My calls, I encourage you to be faithful. I encourage my priests consecrated to me, monks and nuns, to preach with the same love and with the same truth. My truth, my Love and my liking for every human being cannot be hidden from man, from my people. The cosmos itself marvels at the Infinite Love of my Heart for every human being, and this is because every soul is the fruit of my sacrifice on the Cross. Each of the predictions coming from the Will of God has been fulfilled and the others will be fulfilled. This is not to make you afraid, but to make you realize that you must quickly return to my House, that you must listen to my calls and the calls of my Mother, attentively, not only in your mind and in your thoughts, but above all in your heart completely softened. I encourage my consecrated people not to forget that I am present at the moment of consecration, and they must treat me with love, so that the same love extends to my faithful and they go to receive me with devotion. My people, do not lose heart for a moment. I hold you by the hand, and before the impending purification of my Church, my protecting hand is imminent, my Word that guides, my Heart that loves and my footsteps for you to follow. Do not fear what is to come, fear rather the loss of eternal life. Be merciful and just at the same time. Do not allow merchants to enter you in an attempt to distance you from My Word. I have acted in defense of my Father's House, and you must act to drive out those merchants whom the human 'I', the ego, continually brings into your heart through the mind and thoughts, in order to distance you for a while from the unity you hold with my House. Great signs are coming soon. My people remain strong and powerful because they trust my word and know that they retain the safety and protection of this, that Christ of yours, who will not leave you for a moment. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 06 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children of my Sacred Heart, my heavenly hosts continue to guide you attentively, fighting against human selfishness, so that you will once again follow the path I have set before you. My Mother, Queen of Angels, remains under the guidance of the heavenly hosts, so that your traveling companions will guide and enlighten you. These heavenly brothers of yours, completely faithful to My Will, guide you. Man rebels and does not listen to them, it is a constant struggle. At this moment, evil is fighting to steal the souls of my children. I call you to be aware of my calls, I invite you to be faithful. I invite my priests consecrated to me, monks and nuns, to preach with the same love and with the same truth. My truth, my Love and my liking for every human being cannot be hidden from man, from my people. The cosmos itself delights in the Infinite Love of my Heart for every human being, and this is because every soul is the fruit of my sacrifice on the Cross. Each of the announcements emitted by the Will of God has been fulfilled and the others will be fulfilled. This is not to make you afraid, but to make you realize that you must quickly return to my House, that you must listen to my calls and to the calls of my Mother, attentively, not only in your mind and in your thoughts, but above all in your heart completely softened. I encourage my consecrated people not to forget that I am present at the moment of consecration, and they must treat me with love, so that the same love extends to my faithful and they go to receive me with devotion. My people, do not lose heart for a moment. I am holding your hand, and before the coming purification of my Church, my caring hand is approaching, my Word that guides, my Heart that loves and my footsteps for you to follow. Do not fear what is to come, fear rather the loss of eternal life. Be merciful and just at the same time. Do not allow merchants to enter you, trying to distance you from My Word. I have acted to defend My Father's House, and you must act to drive out those merchants whom the human 'I', the ego, constantly through the mind and thoughts, takes into your heart to distance you for a while from the unity you hold with My House. Great signs are coming soon. My people remain strong and powerful because they trust my word and know that they retain the safety and protection of this, that Christ of yours, who will not leave you for a moment. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 10 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Love is infinite, just as my Mercy is infinite. Knowing my Love and knowing my word, my people are those who struggle in truth, being one. The struggle at this time is spiritual and personal. You claim to know me.... and you do not know me. You turn your backs on me when you do not see me as God..., I am insulted, not loved. The history of humanity is planted on my Love, to which my people have been called for their good. You live in the turmoil of society, a society that surrenders before events that come without delay. The Great Cain exists in the midst of a humanity that is unaware of its reality. Nuclear power is the modern-day Cain, who will snatch away human life without compassion and destroy everything that stands in his way. The great power of those who are ignorant is the cruel hand that executes and silences people. See the reality, do not continue without hope, for I am returning because of and for those who are mine, whom I love. Do not let what is worldly and temporary distance you from me. This moment of time demands a radical change from My people. Pray, children, for Japan, she will suffer. Pray for Guatemala, she will suffer. Pray for Mexico, it will be scourged. My people, I bless you. I do not abandon you, you are my people. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 13 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, without hunger harmony is easy, without trials the paths are straight, without stumbling everything goes forward. This is not the reality of those who are mine, it is rather the way of those who nestle in the worldly, where evil does not touch them, so that it does not make them uncomfortable. My people are tested..., and in the flame of fire..., there I educate my greatest children. How far away you are from this My word! I do not see what those who are of the world see. I speak and enslave with the truth of my being, not with grandiose glamour or false appearances. I cannot start a new earth without refining and purifying the present filth with which man has covered it. You deny my Justice to justify perversity; being God, I would lower my being as King if I did not act before the righteous are executed. Do not deny the reality of your life, examine yourself deeply, without measure or limitation, so that you will see yourself in spirit and truth. This is a call to return, a call to change, to transform in every aspect, because he who lives a double life attached to sin cannot call himself my Son. I remain attentive to you in the smallest way through which I can penetrate you, correct you, help you, bind you, gather you and bring you to my Love. Beloved children, creation came out of my Father's hand and protected you, giving you a roof over your head and even daily food and clothing. What was man's response? Ruthless abuse of my creation, extinguishing and destroying everything mercilessly. What was created was for the good, and you responded badly, consuming and trampling step by step what you found. The earth is asking for protection from the perverse hand of man, who, losing the consciousness of love, turns his back on it. The time of the end, in which man will be left without sustenance, without the protection of creation, you have entered a moment of moments. The change will be absolute. You cannot deny the relationship between my creation and the earth; everything came out of my Father's hand and everything communicates with each other: the moon influences the earth, the sun remains directly above the earth, the stars give man direction, and man, what does he give? Worldly answers instead of informed solutions, because man will not right the wrongs done, even if science can hide the truth from those who are mine, small and simple. Pray, my beloved, pray for Chile, it will suffer. Pray for Afghanistan, do not abandon it in your prayers. Pray for Israel, my beloved land. Man must repent, man must atone, until man is humbled, I will wait for him. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 15 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, in our Hearts nest the feelings of humanity: indifference, worries and petitions that some souls raise to us as they remain faithful to us. Our Hearts do not cease in their search for souls who wish to recognize Me as King and bestow upon Me the attributes that all creatures should give Me. My Mother, Mary Mediatrix of All Graces, emphatically mentioned to the hierarchs of my Church the obligation to consecrate Russia to her Immaculate Heart, and yet it has not been carried out with the thoroughness we have asked for. How many evils could have been avoided! My House gave love, and what did it receive in return? ... Coldness and indifference. If you had loved the kindness and mercy with which I treat you, you would have obeyed, knowing that this one act would stop or lessen the heavy consequences of what has befallen you. How many pleas for man to voluntarily save himself. The malignant persecutor of mankind attacks like a vulture souls to destroy them in eternity at the distance of my Love. Evil does not stop, it does not rest, but you rest in pleasures. Mankind is unstoppable when it comes to pleasures and disrespect, completely deteriorating the relationship between My House and man, whom I have called to see the signs of the moment and stay in tune with My Laws to save him. The winds of pain are approaching at a rapid pace for the man who is distant from his God and his Mother. Children, pray for England. Creation, the work of my hands, sees the darkness of man's deeds and tries to illuminate them, being rejected every moment. Mankind, you are running, relentlessly trampling the magnificence of what was created for your benefit! What do you expect from your God.... reward? my Mercy is like the wings of a windmill, just blow and these move. My justice is swift and sure. My mystical body, abused and wounded by ignorance, is a people who cross paths in the midst of not knowing Me properly, and not extending the gifts and virtues I have always bestowed upon them. Pray, children, pray for Spain. This generation spills its filth in My Temples, this moment is not for the mediocre, it is for heroes, men and women of good. Pray for Brazil, a lamentable event will surprise her. My Mother is the Morning Star who extends her light to all without distinction. Beloved ones, I love you, you are my hidden treasure, I beg you to surrender your will to me. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 17 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. My Son has prepared nets for you to be fishers of souls, each in his own way. I remind you of what is so important, because these nets are the disposition of the person. Disposition is extremely necessary in the spiritual journey, because it leads to giving everything, to serving in everything, to giving yourself for the cause of my Son, which at this moment is saving souls. In all my revelations I have called for conversion, and everything has been prepared for this moment and not for another; for this generation and not for another. Beloved ones, you cannot be content to analyze the world from the moment of creation, you must continue and be aware that what was realized in my Son, in the Resurrection for you, is the beginning and the ultimate goal. The Father's great plan of salvation is reclaiming His people and will continue to call upon them at all times. You who have chosen to follow my Son must seek goodness, love of neighbor, fraternity, solidarity and understanding among people. These are difficult moments, but not impossible to bear. Temptation is next to each of you, and he who wants to fall, falls. My children remain united among themselves, they belong to Heaven and retain its favor. I am looking for a new man, I know that for this purpose you will go through the crucible, only in the crucible is the most precious gold achieved and this is what the Church of the remnant needs. Serve my Son with love, respect and sincerity, not with ostentation. The Church represents my Son, but does not replace Him. And each of you must serve, not expect to be served. Each of you is a sense holder, you are the lens through which the light passes. That is why you must see clearly that you cannot fight individually, that is why I am uniting from one end of the world to the other my children to be a support for each other. I am the Mother of all that was created: the universe and the cosmos. Children, do not limit God's omnipotence. The reality of man is that he holds before him challenges that erupt with force to lead him into the abyss, but I remain before every man to give him My hand and so that he is not alone. Beloved, the weapon will strike swiftly. The malice of man has crossed the vault of heaven; those faithful to my Son and to me will suffer, will suffer, but will not be defeated. The persecutors of my faithful will multiply, but my legions will come to the aid of those who are mine. This is the reason why I make my pilgrimage from place to place, uniting the souls who are worshippers of my Heart, so that, like a great harvest, you will bear one fruit: unity. Children, pray for England, she will suffer. Pray, children, for Peru. Pray, children, for the Holy Rosary. My children, do not be dreamers, your actions affect all of creation. Christ binds everything, in this way actions have their cosmic consequences. I remain before each of you, without respite. Call upon me, I bless you. I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 20 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. I have been on pilgrimage without ceasing since I appeared to James the Greater, who was evangelizing in Zaragoza, Spain, and appeared on the pole on which my Son placed me to watch over His people. What would Christianity be without this Mother and messenger of heaven! You have not understood that sin is a field of magnetism so mysterious that it reaches to the ends of the universe, it does not stop, but grows and returns every moment in search of those who caused its growth. I am an intercessor before all of humanity and travel to even the smallest corner of the earth; my persistent exhortations stem from this aspect. My constant warnings are not to frighten, but to warn. Beyond the superficiality of what people see in my exhortations, or have them as a repetition of prayer or repentance; in essence, each exhortation is a battle to bring you to the core of these moments: the Second Coming of my Son. In each of my revelations, I prepare the way for the second coming of my Son, the Second Advent. I do not frighten you, children, you whom I love; I call you to reflect to avoid punishment, but you have not heeded my words and have allowed yourselves to be carried away by all manner of sins and will not stop what is coming, you will only be able to atone minimally for it. I intercede for you, you must remain open to my intercession and to change. Right now you are fighting against the power of the principalities that rule this world shrouded in darkness, you are fighting against humanity that is hostile to divine things. This is not a battle directly against the flesh, but a spiritual battle, and from there it vibrates to the flesh and blood that are affected by evil. My beloveds: the purification will come soon, see all that you will have in an instant: the implantation of the microchip, it's control over man, it's dehumanization; what you thought was far away is at hand. This strategy of the antichrist will expose the true believers, leading them to live in extreme poverty and to be the new martyrs. Children, your traveling companions, your brothers, the angels, will give you manna from heaven to sustain you; faith is already food for those who preach the truth. Beloved, come to the Eucharist. The ultimate goal of the antichrist is to erase Christ from the heart of man. It will be the final battle between good and evil. I will not abandon you, I will be at the forefront to crush the head of the serpent. No one will be able to exterminate what my Son has founded. Beloved, the moments that are coming are not easy, but you must not forget that evil will never prevail. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for Israel. Pray for Paraguay, pray, he will lament. Pray for the Philippines, they will suffer. Children, you do not want to see the arm of my Son that warns, I weep for you. Turn to the Holy Spirit, do not stray from His protection. You know that the sun never dims for those who vibrate in the divine light. Do not be afraid, the power of the Holy Spirit will rest on faithful people, and you will rejoice to be pillars of a renewed and purified Church. My Son will appear in Glory and Majesty. This Mother will no longer be on pilgrimage, the faithful people will dwell on earth. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 23 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, how great a light my Heart radiates to all without exception! I pour it out to give you strength, wisdom, constancy and perseverance. I shed my light on everyone. Even to those who are in darkness and hiding, I bring my love. Children, cover the earth with the prayer of the Holy Rosary, you faithful to my Son, be creatures of goodness in which He rejoices. My heart sighs for souls, I desire them. So many souls perish because of cowardice! Weak souls who do not try to control the flesh and continue to be stuck in sin in its various manifestations. How much malice, how much malice! How much contamination is spreading, driving the afflicted to despair and making those who try to turn to the spiritual lukewarm! Beloved, my motherhood has been forgotten, my Son forgotten in the Tabernacle, temples almost empty, and those who maintain a community of parishioners are haunted for various reasons. Very few approach with a contrite and humble heart, in humility and with faith. My heart expects the faithful to console my Son, to console so many who betray Him and deny Him. I have interceded to appease God's Justice, which is no longer waiting. The purification of humanity is not waiting! Sin attracts it too much. How much loneliness in the human heart, which clings to what is immediate, which clings to what is temporary, slander, vices! How many aborted innocents, how much contempt for the gift of life! This will take man to the crucible like never before. Pray my beloved, pray for my beloved Chilean people. Pray for Japan, she will suffer. Pray for Russia, she will lament. My beloved ones: I call upon you to offer your inconveniences, your sufferings, your pains, your efforts and even your moments of consolation; you forget that my Son takes every sacrifice and transforms it into mercy for all. How many want this mercy! Instead, they have led the human soul to plunge into the mud, flooding you with pride and allowing the devil to lead you to his foolish and harmful pleasures. In this way they will confirm that what is true is false, and what is false is true, in order to deceive my children. Humanity will be tested, and that is why my Heart suffers. What exists on earth will shake, the water will find no peace, being more contaminated, the wind will blow with force as if it wants to escape from man, the fire will burn as if it wants to reach high. In the midst of this groaning, everyone will be checked by himself, even from the most trivial act. This is how God's mercy works. The great leaders of the nations have taken over, obscuring everything that concerns God, spreading the strategy of evil among the people, bringing it into the nations, enjoying the evil that it causes and that will come, through its powerful tentacles, which man does not recognize as such. I, the Mother of Humanity, will comfort my children, give them the robe of love and mercy, and they will receive the fruit of perseverance. The blasphemers, those who despised the faithful, will themselves be put to shame, experiencing Divine Justice. I leave you, my love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 27 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved ones, I bless you, you are my delight. Prayer is essential for My faithful. Prayer is food for the soul. Prayer, no matter how small, reaches me, and I receive it with great love. Prayer is support for the person, and offered for your brothers and sisters, it expands infinitely from person to person, bringing light to lost souls. Abide in union with Me, so that you do not lose heart, so that My strength and My Love dwell, from moment to moment, in My faithful ones. Prayer must be constant, but at this moment I call you to the prayer of practice, that prayer which I carried from people to people, that prayer which helps the helpless, which lifts up the one who lies on the ground, which helps the one who cannot find his way and which feeds the hungry. This is the prayer of practice, the prayer that does not remain static, but goes out to meet your brothers and sisters. Prayer without practice is an empty vessel, prayer without practice is a vessel that is beautiful on the outside, but dry on the inside, fragile, selfish. You, my faithful, must help each other. This is the rule from now on, because the evil forces that invade people's minds instill in them: selfishness, seeing only yourselves, looking at your neighbors with contempt, distancing yourselves from prayer. The essence of each of you must remain completely united with Me. Communion must be constant. Receiving Me in the Eucharist during Communion must not end there, but must continue in every moment of your existence, taking Me wherever you go. My beloved ones, humanity has lost conscience and reason. It only drags itself instinctively towards those who call it to follow a certain path. You will suffer, you will suffer immensely. All, all eyes of humanity will see how the selfishness and fanaticism of some human beings, will bring great pain to multitudes of young people. I encourage you to pray, to pray for England. Right now the earth is being cleansed; this cleansing is beginning and is already present! How many are laughing at my exhortations, but these are the ones who will groan lament this mockery! Do not forget that time is not of the essence, that the purification of my Church is already taking place. Open your eyes, open your understanding so that you can comprehend this painful reality. Remain faithful to my word. My priests, faithful lovers of my Blessed Mother, will lead my Church along the right path. Evil is spreading. The lamentation will be such that it will reach my House, because of the groans of the innocents whose joyful hearts are gathered and who are harshly scourged by the snares of minds tormented by the desire to exterminate those who are mine. Beloved, the antichrist's tentacles are manifold. The antichrist is powerful insofar as man is still one of his followers. Rulers are being supplanted by followers of this hostile force; countries will find themselves subjected to a single government that has quietly infiltrated various countries. The formation of one government is underway. My beloved ones: pray, pray for Guatemala. My children, continue to be united to Me, nourishing this constant connection with My House. Do not look to the worldly, look to Me. The crucible is being prepared, but the fulfillment of the hardest part for humanity is yet to come. How many snakes tricked to harm My children! But I will raise them up, and like eagles they will soar to the heights, so that they will not touch them. My heavenly hosts, filled with My light, will go out to meet My people, to protect them from evil. Man will have to show his allegiance to My House, and there I Myself will stand before man, take him in My arms and give him a taste of the magnificence of My House. Be firm! Do not hesitate to sin. How many of you justify yourselves before Me, telling Me that the struggle is hard! ... I could have abandoned my Cross because it was too heavy..., I could have refused to be crowned with thorns because it hurt too much..., I could have refused to be scourged so cruelly because the pain reached all the way to the soul.... I did it out of love for you. Be strong, and if you love me, resist temptation with courage and with your head held high, not running away like snakes or huddling on the ground to avoid being seen. My children show their face, lift up their head, lift up their spirit and keep my Love written in their heart. I need people of faith, faith that is steadfast, people who are willing to agonize their senses in order to stay by my side. I Love you, you do not remain in darkness. The light of my Love keeps you in the fullness of noon, enjoying the brightness. Truth brings clarity and truth must remain within you. Pray my children, pray for Mexico, the pain will come. My hands, my hands will take my people. I will protect you, I will nourish you with My Word, I will hold you as I am holding you at this moment, in My Heart, very tightly in My Heart. Turn to Me, I do not remain far away, I remain in each of you. I am blessing you. May this blessing remain yours and with you? my dearest blood poured out for you cover you, protect you and may you be its worthy children. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 30 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I watch over the steps of my children. I love everyone with maternal tenderness. I am the Mother of all humanity, not just some, but all. Whether they reject me or not, they are all my children, so decided by the Most Holy Trinity. So I cannot speak to you only about love, when love does not reign in all people. I do not prophesy calamities, rather, my exhortations are given so that mankind will pray more and at the same time be more aware of their immediacy. Prophecies can be revoked if the Trinity Throne so decides. Some will fall irrevocably in the face of man's weak response and abuse of God's mercy, others will be softened by man's perseverance and response, and still others have been softened to the lowest expression so that mankind will see that when it responds, it is heard by my Son. At this time, the prayer of people who are aware of what they live and what is born before man is as necessary as water for the body. I call upon you not to ignore my Son. I urge you to accept Him and visit Him in the Tabernacle. If some despise Him, you must receive Him with all love, with readiness and with humility. You are fast approaching to live what those who remain far from the truth do not want to live. Those who know the lukewarmness of man at the moment, demand the imminent arrival of what is to come, before the most basic instincts of man, manipulated by the enemy, increase. Husbands of faith who need words of wisdom that will lead them to realize this misbehavior of mankind at this time, separating itself from what is God's will, are numerous. My children, you must see farther than you move, you must act with wisdom so as not to soil yourselves with what is worldly and sinful. The human mind does not stop, it works constantly, and staying away from Divine principles, evil takes it like easy prey. Do not deny the fact that you are moving towards pain, you are aware of it. At the same time, do not deny the love of the Trinity and my Love for humanity and a certain protection for all, if you allow it. Pray, children, pray for North Korea. Pray, children, for Japan, pray. Pray, my children, for El Salvador, for it will suffer. The human mind has become mortal; man will fear man in the face of his unexpected behavior, guided by evil that moves from heart to heart, seeking those it can infect with its harmful inventions and actions that bring great suffering, which humanity will not be able to deny is its creator. Beloved ones, nature does not stop, she continues on her way from place to place, causing pain. I suffer with those who suffer, and I call upon you to keep me in your homes, in your Hearts. Beloved ones, I do not stop, my heavenly messengers, your guardians on your journey do not stop, they fight for you, so as not to lose you. The fight is spiritual, that is why it is so subtle and the devil advances unnoticed. Deepen your prayer, be aware of the need to remain united with my Son to overcome temptation. I protect you, together with my legions we will crush Satan and his legions. A purified people is a victorious people who go to meet their beloved. Do not be afraid, the Will of the Trinity is being fulfilled and is assisting His people. I bless you, keep the lamp lit. I am on pilgrimage beside each of you, I do not abandon you. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 04 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I look with such great joy at this number of souls devoted to my Son, souls who love Him. I bless you. Beloved ones, the sun will unexpectedly shoot out its fire causing great misfortune on earth. The man of science and those who have made science a God will feel that they are collapsing. Man has advanced in technology to the detriment of humanity. Technological progress itself will become the cause of destruction, pain and plagues. Until then, those who have worked for technological progress will lift up their eyes, crying out for forgiveness from my Son. It is not that science and technological progress are evil, but that their use by man will cause great suffering to mankind. My Son sent me on a pilgrimage to warn those I received in my Heart at the foot of the Cross. This generation, which is hurting my Heart more and more, is the one that makes tears constantly flow from my eyes, because sometimes you behave like strangers, so far away from this Mother and, above all, from my Son, that you seem to be of a different strain. You walk in haste, and Satan, who is crafty, takes hold of your mind to make you tools to cause pain to your neighbors. In every time, the Holy Spirit has chosen prophets through whom to convey His word so that the mystical body would prepare and listen. In every era, my prophets have alarmed, announced and foretold events that are approaching, and as in every era, at this decisive moment for humanity, how many of my children are acting against my prophets, denying the word of God and my calls, allowing the devil to invade their hearts with jealousy, with truths that desire to surpass this word of God! Be attentive to my constant calls. I do not come to bring my constant love, because my Love is what compels me to announce what is coming. I do not come to please those who want to hear what is coming, I come rather to convert souls, not through fear, but so that they are aware that, being far from the love of my Son, they are easy prey for Satan. The earth is rapidly aging because of the destruction that man has caused to it, because of the sin that man allows to fall upon it continually, polluting it and contaminating the seas, forgetting that what you throw into the water and on the earth rises and descends again upon mankind, bringing with it unknown and great damage to the physical being of man. How different is this generation, at this moment, in which it has completely closed its senses to the call of the Holy Spirit! Blinded by lust and power and the desire to enter the unknown, they have entered the depths of evil, and it is constantly calling them, insinuating them, and setting before man a host of new and unexpected inventions. Everything that happens is known to the father. Not a single hair falls without his will. As a Father, he always expects the best from his children, and seeing that they do not respond adequately, he wants to quickly save his remnant of a nation. My Son has prepared His legions to descend to the aid of His faithful. How much pain is coming and does not even cause fear in man, on the contrary, you take quick steps to meet what is coming, challenging my Son and His Divine Will and despising this Mother. Be, my beloved, a people who make constant reparation for the transgressions of those who despise my Son; be aware of what is coming and of the fact that a moment is a moment, and that moment has ceased to be a moment. Make a change, a radical turn in your conduct; remain consciously united with my Son, making reparation, making amends for the pain caused to Him by this generation given to all vices. There are many obstacles to turn to my Son, to listen to His calls and to love me. And man, man has completely failed to nourish his spirit. Beloved ones, who listen to my word with faith and love, I intercede for you, I need this will of yours, so that the Holy Spirit, together with His Holy Fire, fills you with wisdom and intensifies love and faith in you. How many sacrificial souls are silently suffering contempt for my Son! How many sacrificial souls cross themselves daily with my Son to atone for the offenses committed against the Eternal Father! You are so ignorant of spiritual reality that when I tell you that you are engaged in spiritual warfare, you do not understand my words and continue to sink into the folly of sin. The devil with his henchmen invaded the earth, and they, having found people without God, invade them and bring them new inventions of sin. How much less did Sodom and Gomorrah sin, and how violently did they suffer for it? My Son's mercy is infinite, and at the same time His Justice is infinite. Do not expect any more delay. Pray my beloved, pray for New Zealand, she will soon suffer. Pray for the United States, it will suffer greatly. Pray for London, it will suffer. The earth does not stop its process, the waters will not be stopped, man must be purified so that after passing through the crucible, he will truly go to meet my Son. My Vicar is suffering and the Church will suffer, will suffer, will suffer. Pray, pray in every action, pray in every thought, pray in every word, pray in every sense, pray in every step, pray in every action, be people of active prayer. My Love is leading you towards the promised land in the midst of unexpected and constant forms of stumbling, in the midst of attacks, in the midst of pain, do not be discouraged. I am leading you and will lead you to the promised land. I bless you, be love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 08 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my Mercy lifts up man, revives the one who is dying and gives hope to the one who is lost. I am Freedom, Love, Patience, I am Justice. Man has not opened himself to transformation, has rejected My calls, has not believed in My Messianic message, nor in My angels, nor in My Mother. This moment is primordial, evil moved like a wolf of prey destroying humanity. It found hearts obscured by selfishness, overcame the conscience and like the plague consumed the heart and sensitivity with which man was created. My divine lifeblood circulates throughout creation, spreading my wonders to all that is in harmony with my House. Man, however, rejects it. Few are those who accept it with wisdom, that which is worldly overcomes you, dresses your eyes so that you cannot see the truth. I call on you to live in austerity of thought. I call on you to be different from the rest of humanity, to spread my Love to those who do not know me and willingly open themselves to this call of mine. Beloved ones, you are living in the foretold moments in which your wandering companions, your brothers of light and purity, are rushing over each of you, calling you, as in the past, to stay and resist, so that you will not be victims of Satan. The fight is spiritual, the battle for souls is relentless, the malignant one hides the smallest details so that you ignore them and act wrongly. The masses are dragging those who are undecided, snatching and erasing from their thoughts, from their mind and heart, My Messianic coming, My sacrifice, this is the moment when Satan uses all his cunning against those who are Mine, and My children do not see this, uniting in the masses against everything that signifies My presence. Everyone in his state of life must be a witness to his brothers and sisters. Proclaim the truth of my word, do not frost it with human considerations, and be faithful apostles uniting my people, whom I gather from nation to nation to recognize and strengthen. This is the moment of my Holy Spirit, He fills with wisdom the one who seeks Him, who asks Him for it, who wants to find his way anew, satiate his thirst and find rest in the midst of the daily struggle in which humanity moves. Pray with your heart. My Spirit will listen, filling with strength those who repent with a sincere heart. I need the faithful who walk without fear, without selfishness, confident that my Spirit will not abandon you and, as on the day of Pentecost, will fill empty bottles, light candles, and your brothers and sisters will admire your faithfulness, because those who are mine walk in silence, in simplicity and in love. It is no coincidence that nature, aged by sin and tainted by man, wants to renew itself. Rivers of lava flow from the depths. Pain is atonement, and atonement awakens the heart dormant and blinded by evil. The waters of the sea will be polluted anew. I am waiting for you, I love you. My Justice has been called by mankind and will be heard. I am coming for my people. Pray, beloved children, pray for Russia. Pray, children, pray for Chile, it will cry. Pray, children, pray for Costa Rica, it will be wounded. Trust in my Love and in my Justice. Everyone receives his measure before himself, the conscience will be a mirror for man. Contamination of the mind is what is most lethal to man, as one adopts wrong beliefs. Defend my Church. You are my mystical body, you are my universal defenders, do not turn away. Love my Church. Do not silence My calls, treasure them. Do not be afraid, I remain with my people. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 11 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I look upon each of you with love, you are my children, in every good deed I immerse myself in love, encouraging you to continue to seek the good. Every good deed bears the seal of the Holy Spirit, who delights in those who strive to continue their lives with humility and simplicity of heart. The sufferings of humanity are unknown to some who view their brothers and sisters from foreign lands as strangers. All are brothers and sisters. To those who do not lack food, do not waste it, but give thanks and remember those who are dying of hunger. One must not be an individualist, but share with the one who does not have, with the one who is in need, not only of physical food, but of spiritual food. There are many who turn away and scoff at my Son, seeing in Him the history of the past before the promising present. Ah, humanity confused by materialism...! How great sorrow hangs over you! Without realizing it, you despise the prophet, the herald, the one whom Heaven has chosen to warn you. How much spiritual poverty do I see in souls who have been overcome by the temptation of material and superfluous possessions, unjust self-improvement at the expense of the life of your brother or sister! Large groups of people are preparing attacks on your neighbors, the mystical body will be confused, attacked and persecuted by those who maintain false idols and false spirituality. I urge you to pray the Holy Rosary, to visit my Son in the Tabernacle. I call on you to live by practicing with humanitarian deeds the teachings of my Son, which cry out for brotherhood with you. A great sign will awaken the dormant gaze of man. Heaven will send a sign to move the insensitive and disorganized man, the ignorant and false man, who tells the rest of humanity that nothing is happening, so that it sinks into what is wrong. The moments of great winters will come, the cold will prey on man, and man will remember that he has his God, whom he despised and did not recognize. You call my messengers fanatics and madmen, you ignore me, you deny my existence. The schemers fight in silence against those who have really been sent to announce the reality of what is coming. They fight in order to silence the truth and for hell to rejoice over the souls that fall. People who are lukewarm turn away from the truth to justify their pettiness and persecute the faithful with false words. In its reality, this generation carries the foreshadowing and fulfillment of the punishment of fire that will come down from above; those who mocked me and did not believe in my prophets will lament, gripped by fear. Those faithful who have believed will not need to fear. I will not abandon them, nothing will harm them, if they persist in grace and remain in the path of my Son. Constancy and perseverance will be rewarded, those who accept the Word of God with respect will have nothing to fear. Pray, children, pray for France, for it will be wounded. Pray for Mexico, it will suffer. Pray for Italy, they will suffer. The people of the land do not accept their mistake, they deny any regret. Humility is necessary to get back on track, without it your steps are shaky. Like the waves of the sea that rise above the earth, so are the steps of unbelievers - they come and go. Children, this Mother will not abandon you, my Son keeps her legions of defenders of humanity watching over every word of the faithful man, the humble and simple man who recognizes his wrongdoing. Do not forget that even the most sinful, if he truly repents, is accepted by my Son. I bless you. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 15 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, My Heart is delighted with those who love Me. I come to meet man, in search of his love, I do not want more souls to be lost, nor do I want the demons to rejoice when a soul reaches them. Children, Satan and his ilk are cunning, and in order for people not to see them, they work in silence, seeking what attracts you the most, so that you will fall, leading you towards what subjugates you the most. The powers that hold power on Earth are preparing a war in unison with the one who is most interested in this work to cause harm: the antichrist. Children, the antichrist is not a being who will fight alone against my people, but is a global power, a machinery that does not stop. His main goal is war. The use of nuclear power will cause the annihilation of entire countries. I announce to you, not to frighten you, but to change your way of life and unite with me. The allies of evil will carry out the orders in a hurry. When this happens, the rulers won't be able to give opinions, they won't be so important. Evil will give them orders, and they will obey. Banking transactions will become a thing of the past, no transaction will be possible at this time. Famine will spread, the amount of food for the population will decrease, among them water will be contaminated and disasters will occur, the geography of the earth will not be the same. A dense cloud covers the world with this evil that is born in the heart of man. Wake up, you are asleep! And my sheep are wandering without shepherds; there are few with so many sheep, there are few that look down on reality. These are the moments when my Mother's name must be accepted with greater love. Through her, salvation began and through her intercession it will be completed. My Mother will proclaim My Love and My Mercy throughout the world, so that you will not fear Me, but love Me. My Mother is extending her mantle over the Church. When the Church is cleansed and when she is raised, she will drive out the invaders again. You will see a sign in the sky, luminous as never before, a sign that I will send so that my children will prepare themselves. Pray, children, for Pakistan. Pray for Spain. Pray, children, for Japan. The disasters are ongoing, I announced them, did I not? Some who discredit me will be the first to detail the truth to all people, because they will see the mistake they made. You, my faithful, know that I call you with love, I describe reality to you, so that you will not be put to sleep. I am benevolent, I am merciful, I love my own, I suffer so much with you. I now desire the renewal of my people, I wish that conversion would not meet so much resistance. People do not want to listen to me, they think that I am in heaven, and far from earth. They despise those who mention my Name and preach the truth, they despise my children, they forget that with this ingratitude they do me harm. Babel yesterday is one of those moments. Confessors know the reality well. Children, I invite you to pray and to practice brotherhood, in reparation for the transgressions of humanity. I need souls who struggle, souls who make an effort, souls who recognize my omnipotence, who do not limit me and allow me to lead them. Turn away from sin, from that which separates you from Me; do not be fools who stubbornly rebel against Me and remain in the current of what is worldly, what remains tainted with Satan's evil. The body is the temple of the Holy Spirit, and how you disfigure it with figures of evil imaginations, with the number 666, displaying them with great pride! These are my people. Do not be blind, these are my people, who have supplanted me with tricks of evil. These are the people I want those who are devoted to me to wake up, to these dormant people I sent my prophets to wake up those who are mine. I see those who say they love me rise up to hide the reality of what is happening. No, children, the reality in which you live is not hidden, it is visible. I urge you not to lose spirit, my faithful do not lose spirit, keep faith in my protection and in my word, which is above everything. I love you, and my blessing remains with my faithful. I bless those who value with love my urgent calls. I bless those who devoutly celebrate the feast of my Mother under the invocation of our Lady of Carmel. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 18 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I make pilgrimages throughout the world from place to place, I make pilgrimages in search of souls longing for conversion, I make pilgrimages to satisfy the thirst of my Son. Just as I received you at the foot of the Cross and accepted you, I am on pilgrimage and will continue to be on pilgrimage with you until the end of time. My Love surpasses the human mind. My Love surpasses human expectations. My Love surpasses titles and lineages. My Love surpasses human thoughts. I am on pilgrimage, bringing My Love, and even more My Son's Love, to the conscience of man, so that man may be moved and return to Him. My Son has entrusted His mystical body to me; He will not abandon it in these moments when so many antichrists have arisen against humanity: the antichrist of power, who wants to crush the humble nations. The antichrist of war, through whom the powerful want to exterminate the people of my Son. The antichrist of armaments, through which they will inflict pain and death on the people of my Son. The antichrist of modernism, which has undermined morality and the family, the antichrist of sin, the antichrist of abortion, with which you have greatly offended my Son. You have despised the precious gift of life, and this must be..., must be purified in man. The earth is being renewed and man's conscience must be renewed; from the worldly man to the spiritual man, whose center is his God. You have cast out My Son and want to banish Me to the desert to silence Me. My Love is stronger than those who want to silence me. I remained in the desert, but now I remain present here among you. As Mother, I call you to see my Son in your midst. Not as the historical Jesus, but as the Christ who is present, risen from the dead in the midst of His beloved ones. I encourage you to feed on the bread of life, to turn to the Scriptures, to know and love the One who gave His life for you. I urge you to evangelize, not to destroy. I call on you to preach, not to destroy. I call on you to unite, not to destroy. The Mystical Body of my Son has already been sufficiently insulted that even among yourselves you persecute and destroy one another. I encourage you to unite your hearts, in spirit and in truth. I urge you to pray firmly for Mexico. I urge you to pray anew for Japan. I urge you to pray for Brazil. Moments are short-lived, ceasing to be moments. The earth thirsts for water, and water flows upon it. What I clearly announced to you has come true: the seasons are not the same, the weather has clearly changed, there will be moments when you will feel as if you have been burned by the sun's rays, there will be moments when the sun will be covered and you will feel the cold penetrating into your bodies. Beloved children, do not deny my word, this is the will of my Son, I will not abandon you at any time. My Son has entrusted his people to me, and I will be with you in this spiritual battle against evil, I will not abandon you. I am the counselor of the people, and I will continue to be with you, interceding for each of you. I do not want even one of you to be lost by respecting free will, my Heart aches to see how many are turning away from the way of my Son. Be steadfast and faithful, be faithful and love one another. Do not be afraid, he who remains unmoved will not be moved by any wind, no matter how strong, he who is lukewarm is the one who is afraid, but I love even he who is lukewarm and I call on him to take advantage of these moments of conversion and not be a victim of Satan. A great sign will be given in the firmament and then you will be confronted in your consciences. Prepare yourselves. I, your Mother, am with you. My angelic legions protect you. Do not turn away from me, I bless you, you are my children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 22 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved ones, My Cross is erected as a sign for My people, all the inhabitants of the earth shall see it. I am your Savior, your King, your Lord. Do not live in trepidation, be people of faith, do not be deceived. Progress has led mankind to retreat in what is spiritual, and at the moment my children are trying to fly without wings. You ask yourselves about the severity of my calls, not seeing the urgency of my Love to save you, before you do not see the sun of my Love and darkness envelops people of little faith. My Father called man to transformation, and man disobeyed His instruments: the prophets. At this moment it is my Heart that emanates to man: an urgent and loving call. My people must bear witness to humanity: witness to faith, peace, brotherhood, authenticity, wisdom. Do not tire of what is temporary, do not give yourselves over to what is contrary to my Will, give yourselves with true inner love to my commands, which are the commands of my Mother: to help humanity. I command you to be a holy people. My mystical body must be holy. I have not reserved holiness for some, but for all. This is the true way, knowing that this way is joy, not tears. Joy in discouragements, setbacks, disasters, illnesses, sufferings, joy in being part of the sacrifice for the sake of humanity. My exhortations are for you to live in wisdom and not be deaf or blind to the signs of this painful moment that humanity is experiencing 'now'. This must not distance you from Me, but must bring you closer to allow Me to protect you. Get to know me before you throw me out of your lives. I seek you by all roads, even if they are the steepest and narrowest, I seek you with divine love. My Spirit is the strength of my people, of every human being. The force that resolves one who is enslaved by the vices of the world. The strength that gives encouragement to one who lies on the ground without hope. The strength for the one who cries out for Salvation. Strength that breaks the snares of evil and leads you to resist the tentacles that constantly tempt humanity, preparing the way for the one who will come to deceive my children. I encourage you to prepare yourselves, to love me alive in each of you.... I am not the God of the dead, but of the living. Beloved children, continuing to trust and feed on Me leads you to see clearly. Man has quarreled with creation, wounded it and creation groans. Its groans lead man to pain, the earth does not cease in its constant trembling. The air will change its normal course, and this will bring a clear and loud change of seasons that man is not prepared for. Water has been contaminated and will be contaminated again, causing physical havoc for man. Man is a victim of his own technology, his pride. Pray, my children, pray for Australia. Pray, my children, pray for Chile. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico. Pray, prayer is not empty, it carries request, sacrifice, adoration, adoration, repentance and supplication. Don't just pray with words, but with every good deed toward yourself and your neighbors. Pray, turning to the call of evangelization, of which all my children are participants. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 28 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal love longs for the rest that my children offer me when they come to adore my Son. I desire to find it in all human beings. Children, do not remain in darkness, open your mind, analyze the accelerated path by which the current of the worldly stuns you, in order to move you away from the true path to the examination of conscience, which is absolute and necessary in order to return to the fold. Do not drift further away, make a firm decision and, convinced of the merciful love of my Son, do not wait until the last moment to ask for forgiveness. Change must take place at this moment, before night falls and completely obscures the light of the moon, and the stars do not shine in the firmament as a sign of what is already being born under the protection of the forces of evil that have seized what belongs to the Church of my Son. Be aware of the purification that has already begun on earth, in the sea, in nature and in man. Man has despised the great gift of life and will trigger a bloody war. It will be the result of the desire for power over human beings, in order to subjugate and indoctrinate them into a fictitious communal life, which in return will be the establishment of the one who will come completely against the children of my Son: the antichrist. The above is not the invention of a select few, those who have been appointed to share our word; it is a reality that all of humanity will have to face and will suffer, giving its 'yes' to evil and denying the one and true God who was, who is and who will be forever. Each and every one of you, my children, is easy prey for evil if you still do not recognize that you have allowed yourselves to be taken over by the technological inventions that you are addicted to and which have supplanted your true love as people of God. Until you fully understand this defining moment in your lives, you will not be consistent between what you say and what you practice in your lives. The pearl does not shine because it is a pearl, but because of the decision to remain hidden in the oyster.... until it matures into what the Trinity desires. You must not proclaim that you are true and perfect, it is a lack of humility, it is anti-testimony and makes your lack of conversion apparent. The coming events will embarrass him who has reason and who has an honest conscience. Do not be afraid. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 29 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you. You are my Heart, you are my Love, you are the reason for my existence for people, you are the reason for my constant coming to humanity. I am making a pilgrimage from heart to heart, from land to land, from person to person looking for souls to present to my Son. Be aware of the great responsibility that each of you bears as a follower of my Son, as a worshipper and true child of my Son. I call upon you again to make reparation for the offenses that mankind is constantly committing against the heart of my Son, wounding Him. Make reparation by being true witnesses of my Son's deeds and love. My heart hurts, it hurts very much to see that a great number of my calls are despised. As the Mother of Humanity, I descend into every heart, offering you my maternal love, so that you may be fully aware of the reality in which humanity has wrapped itself. Be the lights that illuminate this earth engulfed in darkness, be those souls who constantly pray before my Son, praying, loving their neighbors and being true children in 'spirit and truth'. Pain is advancing every moment over the whole earth, and I invite you to be love, to be a blessing on earth. Beloved children, do not be afraid. I, your Mother, am with you, but you must return to my Son, you must keep Him in your heart, you must love Him with your thoughts and mind, and you must offer Him that right conscience that will make you walk the right path. I encourage you to offer your prayers and your sacrifices for the United States. I encourage you to pray and make reparations for my beloved country Colombia. I encourage you to pray for all those who are victims of terrorism and are forced to sudden death because of it. The heart of man has allowed itself to be controlled by hatred, you despise the gift of life, and the devil takes advantage of this human attitude to capture the mind of man and lead him to commit these cruel crimes. You children of my Immaculate Heart do not succumb to temptations, abide with me at the foot of the Cross of my Son, so that nothing and no one can separate you from Him. Again the earth will shake and my children will lament and weep. How much it pains me that after this passage you return again to a life of sin! How much indifference to my Son, how much forgetfulness to my Son, how much rejection to my Son! You will embrace evil, you will feel as if you are living in constant joy with the One who offers you everything you desire, but then you will groan, you will moan and fall to your knees, having given yourselves over to evil. Children, you are abusing the mercy of my Son. This is the moment of decision..., the moment of 'yes, I want to belong to Jesus Christ.' This is what I, as Mother, come to ask of you: 'yes' to my Son, 'yes' in spirit and in truth. I love you profoundly. My love attracts those souls who love my Son and love me, and this love embraces me, this love attracts me, and out of this love of the Mother I come to you, so that the coming events will not find you dormant or unprepared. The earth will change its geography and man will shake, and I, as Mother, will weep and my Heart will ache. Children, at any time there is the possibility of conversion to good behavior. I expect, as Mother, from each of you that you will imitate the good villain and at the last moment ask for mercy, forgiveness and say: 'Jesus, remember me when you enter paradise. I love you. Listen to my calls. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 03 2012 - Holy Archangels
Beloved of Christ and our Heavenly Queen, we, your brothers on the road, your heavenly companions, continue to guard humanity, remain within reach of each of you. Ask for our help, and then we will help you. Nevertheless, take into account that there are requirements without which our help to man is not as intense.... if a person is not aware of his spiritual state and does not carry a true and strong goal of change. Humanity is heading in the wrong direction; Christ's Commandment of Love is constantly being betrayed. We are the messengers of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit to accompany you, to protect you, to enlighten you, to defend you, and so that you can be guided to the good at all times. To reject us is human freedom. We help you with pleasure, love and joy. The calls of Heaven, filled with love for humanity, are overshadowed by minds, thoughts and hearts that are enslaved by evil, jealousy, hypocrisy, vengeance and the constant treachery of Satan, who urges you to act outside of Christ's behavior, which is a necessary requirement to enter the true path that comes from love, from which flows every act in accordance with our Creator. Every human being who remains in the love of Christ and does not refuse to be the fruit of this Divine Love is a torch that gives light in the midst of the darkness in which souls distorted by human selfishness move, selfishness that does not accept correction and guidance from on high. The Holy Spirit, being the giver of gifts and the source of wisdom to man, struggles to renew those antediluvian gifts with which man was filled as an attribute of the Father's love. Our Heavenly Queen, Mediatrix of Graces, has guided you to remain in that circle of consciousness that tells man what good or evil he is doing. You do not want to see and live the reality to remain immersed in negative and haughty actions against divinity. How many think they live inside divine love! Instead, arrogance flows with pride, fed by your ego. You must detach yourself from the ego so that your abilities and strengths are lifted and are perfected by Christ and our Queen. You move in earthly hope, mired in the ignorance of a mind poisoned by the ravages of the fantasies with which you have been deceived to make you fight each other. We contemplate the indifference of the human being to what leads man to see the causes of evil behavior. Man accepts only everything that speaks of mercy. We reveal to you not only God's mercy, but we reveal to you the reality of man enslaved by the senses and unreality. Who like God, just and merciful? The waters of human foolishness are moving, agitating the mindless wills, making a threat to humanity. Nature groans in the face of the selfishness of some powerful people, hardened by the vengeful arm of the antichrist, who emerged with the power given to him by man himself, bringing affliction to mankind through abundance. The implantation of the chip is only a sign of the power that man has given to evil. We, your defenders, will come after the faithful, showing you our allegiance to Christ, so that you will resist the trials of purification. Faithful to our King and Lord, our Heavenly Queen! And Mother of humanity, do not fear, do not be afraid! Christ's love for His own has provided you in nature with the elements necessary for His faithful to remain healthy, to be protected from disease and from what sends evil. If you remain willing to change and with a conscience to fulfill heavenly commands, you will see help descend from the firmament. We urge you in the name of Jesus Christ to pray for England. Pray for Manhattan, it will suffer. Pray for Italy, it will suffer. Our beloved ones, do not lose faith, but rather respond to this call to be ready, to be aware of this moment in which agitated humanity is moving without responsibility. Be vigilant, beloved, be vigilant! You who remain faithful and accept this call with love, intercede for your brothers and sisters, do not neglect mercy. Do not be afraid, we, your companions on the road, remain ready in the highest will to come to the aid of the chosen ones. We will descend with power, power received from Christ and our supreme Queen, preparing the way for Christ, who will return in Glory and Majesty. Man was not created for self-destruction. If by free will he persists, we will save the innocent, we will come with the splendor of Christ for those who believe. And those with hardened hearts and stubborn minds will groan before the scourge of iniquity of the son of Satan. The mind of man cannot comprehend how much the son of evil will produce. Let us expand and instill in each of you love for Christ and our beloved Queen. Brothers and sisters, expand your mind and heart. Do not continue to live in the narrowness of the human mind. Your brothers, holy archangels, greet Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

August 06 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I continue to pilgrimage from will to will, crushing the human ego with my love, so that it is set aside and you allow Divine Love to blossom in you. How much my Son has plowed, how much I have plowed amidst the dryness of the human will and the human heart! We have sown words of life, but in most of you, humanity, they have fallen on stony ground and have not germinated. I continue my pilgrimage uninterruptedly, every moment. I have received you at the foot of the Cross, and united at the foot of the Cross we will give back to my Son what he has passed on to mankind. Do not continue to be so indifferent to Him who created you. At the end of what will happen, my Immaculate Heart will triumph. By not fulfilling and obeying my call at Fatima, I will triumph over the pain of the faithful. If my call had been fulfilled, the consequences of what is coming would have been different. I do not announce this to frighten you, but to encourage man to take a new path, to see, feel, perceive and enjoy this Divine Breath that lives in the wind, in the sun, in nature, in what you see, and above all in your brother and sister. The vessel is empty, you must fill it with the wine of Divine Love, the wine of my Son's love, so that your senses will be transformed and you will act in His likeness. You are well aware of the events that follow one after another against humanity. You are on the edge of a cliff, and I come here to save my sheep, those entrusted to me by my Son, so that they will not fall into the abyss. How much power mankind has given to the devil! What great power you send him with every negative thought that comes from you! The behavior of mankind does not go unnoticed, it remains in constant motion, and your actions expand not only on earth, but also in the cosmos. You children are not static beings, you are beings who constantly emanate activity inward and toward your brothers and sisters, toward what has been created by the generous Father's Hand. I encourage you to remain willing, to expand your knowledge, to not limit your thoughts. I encourage you to surrender yourselves to the Holy Spirit, so that He can penetrate you deeply and lead you to understand that you are children of the Almighty Father, who with His hands created everything that exists. My beloved ones, I encourage you once again to pray for Japan as it will suffer anew. I encourage you to pray for the Middle East, do not forget it in your prayers. I encourage you to pray for Guatemala, it will suffer. Let each of you be an intercessor for your brother or sister. Rise up, now! From the lethargy in which you are still living. Rise up and boldly proclaim the Second Coming of my Son, so that everyone may prepare. Be evangelizers who, with your testimony, encourage hearts hardened by lack of love, those who do not know the mercy of my Son, and have given themselves completely into the hands of the devil. Awaken the children who are dormant by what is worldly, by what is unseemly, the children hardened by human maltreatment! Children who have succumbed to hardness, wake up! For my Son is coming, and before His second coming the spawn of the devil will make the mystical body of my Son suffer. Trust in God's Protection, do not be afraid: he who is afraid does not have enough faith to continue to say 'yes' to my Son. Mature your faith, which is not limited to verbal prayer, but must be accompanied by the practice of evangelization, through which my Son has set you an example of the way to the Kingdom. You are beloved disciples of my Son, you are my beloved children. Correct your behavior, turn your mind away from these very human temptations and focus on what my Son and this Mother are asking of you for the good of each of you. The human mind has been darkened and is being led to commit atrocities. You believers continue to feed on my Son by living Him constantly and carrying Him within you. This is the best practice for the believer, the best and highest testimony of faith: do not keep to yourself the love of my Son, which does not belong to anyone, but to all mankind. Forward, forward, forward! Do not stop, because at this moment not even a blink of an eye is allowed. I bless you. I bless the eyes that read this word of mine, and the ears that hear it; I bless the homes of each of you. Remain in the peace of my Son and in my maternal heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 08 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in the unity of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, enter into infinite love, into the unfathomable mystery of the Most Holy Trinity. You have received a new covenant, an eternal covenant, which my Son has handed over to you with infinite love: The Eucharist. You have been given the gift of human freedom, so that this generation will consciously act in accordance with this inheritance that my Son has given to each person. He gives Himself to each of you to dwell in each of you. The Laws were given to be fulfilled and the Will of the Father must be fulfilled in all ages. At this time, this generation is no exception; it has turned away from the true word, from true love and from obedience to the Blessed Trinity. This generation in particular, while remaining with so much progress in all areas, is constantly drowning in suffocating negative progress, which has plunged it into total indifference and disrespect for the Word of God. Willingness and awareness of the gift of life have been relegated to last place. How much offense, how much pain, how much disrespect for the Holy Trinity! You remain sunk in sin. You remain on this earth to submit to the Father's wishes, to be grateful for the sacrifice of my Son, to consciously open yourselves to the Holy Spirit and not to limit the creative power of the eternal Father. On the contrary, you must expand your mind and your thoughts toward all that divine power which has no limits. I encourage you to pray: 'O Father, Son, Holy Spirit giver of life, mercy, forgiveness and justice: keep me attached to Your Infinite Love, so that whatever blinds my life may be darkened by You. I dedicate my thoughts, my senses, my entire being to Your power, to Your Infinite Mercy and to Your Divine Justice. I am aware that I am constantly turning away from Your love and allowing vanity and dreams to distort this faith that I do not bear witness to. Come Spirit of God, come with Your power, renew my whole being and as a person renewed in You, renew my mind and my thoughts and make my Heart beat continually so that I may be one with You, O most holy Trinity! Forgive me for my constant transgressions, and by appealing to Your Divine Mercy, I also surrender myself to Your Divine Justice. Renew me from within and make me thus a faithful witness of Your love, Your goodness, Your omnipotence and love You above all things, Amen'. Children, you remain on this earth to honor, respect and praise the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. By failing to fulfill this duty and this constant thanksgiving, you have forged a painful future for yourselves, placing yourselves in the hands of the son of perdition. My angelic hosts do not abandon you, my Love has placed my blessed mantle over my children to protect them, the dome of heaven remains with my mantle to bless you. I cannot penetrate the human will unless my children allow me to do so. Children, let me guide you along the good path, so that you can shorten the pain and feed on faith. I encourage you all to pray for Mexico. I encourage you to pray for the United States, pray hard. I encourage you to pray for those of my children who, attacked by evil, will bring pain to humanity. As a Mother, I love you all with a motherly love. I will not cease my calls at this time, when my children will face great suffering. Take my hand, I will not abandon you, trust in my protection and do not despise my Son. He came to save you and to save His people. Take the right path, fight your human will and surrender yourselves to my Son, who will lead you to eternal life. I give you my Heart in those moments when my Son is forgotten by his people, forgotten by those who sacrificed to him, by his priests and by those for whom he sacrificed. After purification comes glory, the sun will be reborn and shine over all creation, and my Son will reign over every creature, in heaven, on earth and everywhere. I bless you; I give you my love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 13 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I bless you, you are My people. My Love spills over everyone without any distinction, penetrates everyone, is immersed in everyone. It is human freedom that hinders my Love from penetrating the depths of your being. Appealing to my Mercy towards you, I come, together with my Mother, to invite you in every call, to this transformation, to this walking, to these remaining faithful testimonies of my Love. I see what you do not see. From here flows my constant call to humanity, which is moving towards the precipice of the encounter with evil, where weeping, pain and trials will no longer wait. You persist, not opening your eyes, refusing to listen and denying the truth that cannot be hidden. Science has joined forces with the great powers to lead my children to create nuclear armaments that will put an end to my creation. The man of science has created great advances in this age, and man, feeling that he was very technologically advanced, was gullible and foolish in allowing himself to be carried away by this. He was not aware that he had not moved forward, but rather regressed to a great extent, going backwards in all aspects, turning away from Me every moment. Meanwhile, I do not stop explaining My Word as recorded in the Scriptures, I do not stop explaining My Infinite Love, nor My Justice. I come for My People, for those who remain faithful. My beloved ones, the bell has rung, and at this moment, in this proclamation, it has announced to mankind the beginning of great conflicts between nations. My people must remain united. My children must remain united, closing off from the devil all access through which he could penetrate and disrupt the unity of my children. Maintain unity and love among you, so that you can continue on the path of faith and not be knocked down by the extreme winds that are heading toward my people. Be people of love, of mercy, be unity among yourselves. I see that some of my children are yielding to the constant threat of evil. You, my faithful, do not fear, I do not abandon you, your brothers and traveling companions, your heavenly guardians are waiting for one sign from me to defend and help my children. You are not alone, even if humanity will lament, will suffer and cry..., you are not alone. Antichrist arose, stretched out his tentacles at the sound of the bell, compressed and gained strength. My people, pray for the United States. Pray for Israel. Pray for England. Terror is approaching, and in the face of terror, my children unite in one solidarity embrace, forming a great wall to overcome the attacks of the enemy. My work remains and will remain, it will go where My Will wants it to go, through it My people will remain vigilant, strong and knowing that I do not abandon you. Do not be afraid, he who loves Me does not fear, he knows that I reciprocate far beyond what you give Me of yourselves. Do not fear, I will send help directly from My House, so that My people will not falter, but I need faith, courage and fortitude from you, whom I have called to shape My people. Once again I recall the moments when my people wandered through the desert and were fed by the hand of my Father. This will also be the case at this moment, it cannot be otherwise on the part of a Father who loves his children infinitely. Do not be afraid, be assured of my protection, the protection of your traveling companions, and keep your eyes on the mountain. The signs will not cease, neither on earth nor in the firmament. My peace be with each of you, my strength and my Love remain with my people. My Mother's protection remains over my people. All my House remains over my people. I bless you; My peace be with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 13 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I bless you, you are My people. My Love spills over everyone without any distinction, penetrates everyone, is immersed in everyone. It is human freedom that hinders my Love from penetrating the depths of your being. Appealing to my Mercy towards you, I come, together with my Mother, to encourage you in every call, this transformation, this walking, these remaining faithful testimonies of my Love. I see what you do not see. Hence flows my constant call to humanity, which is heading towards the precipice of an encounter with evil, where weeping, pain and trials do not wait. You persist, not opening your eyes, refusing to listen and denying the truth that cannot be hidden. Science has joined forces with the great powers to lead my children to create nuclear armaments to end my creation. The man of science has created great advances in this age, and man, feeling that he was very technologically advanced, was gullible and foolish in allowing himself to be carried away by this. He was not aware that he had not moved forward, but rather regressed to a great extent, going backwards in all aspects, turning away from me, from moment to moment. Instead, I do not stop explaining My Word as recorded in the Scriptures, I do not stop explaining My Infinite Love or My Justice. I come for My People, for those who remain faithful. My beloved ones, the bell has rung and at this moment, with this tolling, announced to mankind the beginning of the great conflicts between nations. My people must remain united. My children must remain united, closing from the devil any opening through which he could penetrate and disrupt the unity of my children. Maintain unity and love among you, so that you can continue on the path of faith and not be knocked down by the extreme winds that are heading toward my people. Be people of love, of mercy, be unity among yourselves. I see that some of my children are yielding to the constant threat of evil. You, my faithful, do not fear, I do not abandon you, your brothers and traveling companions, your heavenly guardians are waiting for one sign from me to defend and help my children. You are not alone, even if humanity will lament, will suffer and cry..., you are not alone. Antichrist arose, stretched out his tentacles at the sound of the bell, compressed and gained strength. My people, pray for the United States. Pray for Israel. Pray for England. Terror is approaching, and in the face of terror, my children unite in one solidarity embrace, forming a great wall to overcome the attacks of the enemy. My work remains and will remain, it will go where my will wants it to go, through it my people will remain vigilant, strong and knowing that I do not abandon you. Do not be afraid, he who loves me does not fear, he knows that I reciprocate far beyond what you give me of yourselves. Do not fear, I will send help directly from My House, so that My people will not falter, but I need faith, courage and fortitude from you, whom I have called to shape My people. Once again I recall the moments when my people wandered through the desert and were fed by the hand of my Father. This will be the case at this moment as well, it cannot be otherwise on the part of the Father who loves His children infinitely. Do not be afraid, be assured of my protection, the protection of your traveling companions, and keep your eyes on the mountain. The signs will not cease either on earth or in the firmament. My peace be with each of you, my strength and my Love remain with my people. My Mother's protection remains over my people. All my House remains over my people. I bless you; My peace be with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 15 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in my hand I hold the universe and the constellations, the moon and the sun are part of me, illuminating with them the path of my Son's people. My purity I make transparent to all mankind, so that it may be a sign of Salvation. Every step you take conscious of good action is a step you take before a quest that is not far from 'the one who strengthens me'. The awakening of those who are mine has begun, so that you may unite with courage in one march. No matter how difficult the struggle, do not hesitate, I will dwell in my womb, where every being feels the heartbeat. Open your hearts, and on those who are found willing to be simple and humble, my Love will pour out joys and blessings on them. Power should be transformed by love, rebellion by dialogue, wars should cease. You, beloved children, do not wait for the call, but act on your own, putting into practice every word of the Gospel. The brand of evil is fully carried by some people. Others unknowingly follow, without direction, imitating the majority, even if they end up being imbued with those vices behind this evil, degrading God's children and crucifying my Son as many times as dark deeds are committed. At the moment, the struggle of the mystical body is bold amidst the imposing systems, experts in masking evil with seemingly good deeds, obscuring human understanding and reason. In this way, they want to hand over to the evil one and his tentacles the faithful, whom I will protect, for whom I will crush Satan and his empire. This empire has arisen and will continue to arise over the martyrs of My Son's Church, over the faith and truth of those who offer their lives in the spirit, struggling to overcome their humanity, and who continue to offer themselves for My Son at this moment. I will destroy this empire for the glory of my Son, and the sacrifice of the martyrs will not be in vain. Raise your eyes to the firmament, be aware of the divine power and fall to your knees before the Holy Trinity. Beloved children, pray for the United States. Pray for Israel. Pray for Japan. The earth is plunging into pain, the Church of My Son will suffer. I continue to appear for the sake of humanity, to be a sign that I do not want children to be lost. My word is a blessing, it is a loving warning, because you have reached the abomination. My tears are shed because of the human corruption that has reached the interior of the Church that my Son founded. I expressed at Fatima, in the Third Secret, my pain over the corruption and desolation of the Church, and it has not been revealed. Children be vigilant, Satan will focus on tearing down My Son's Church. The waters already tainted by modernism and lack of prayer, as well as those newly tainted by lack of faith, have opened the way for the evil ones and will cause havoc among mankind who do not live in true faith. Beloved children, misused science will once again bring great pain to mankind, and man will feel that he is burning from within, completely defenseless against the consequences of wrongdoing and irresponsibility of those who stealthily keep mankind in suspense. My beloved ones, I call upon you to rise up, to put aside modernism and its music, which not only pollutes the mind, but also the heart, in order to distance you from my Son. I will not tire of calling you again and again. Humanity, what are you waiting for to return to your King? Come. I will lead you to enjoy the love of my Son, the peace of my Son. The days of peace will return, mankind will believe again, and in that day you will look back and see that my calls were right. I love you, you remain in my Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 19 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, do not turn away from My Grace or spoil My Word. I have borne a heavy Cross for mankind, and this mankind has returned it to Me, placing on itself its own painful, purifying Cross, built of free will. These moments are times of great controversy, trials and spiritual confusion. Do not forget that I am perfect, but people are not perfect. Faith must be grounded in Me, not in people, so that this faith will be strong and you will be able to endure the trials to come. What is coming was made with human hands. The people who for years rebelled against my commands and gave themselves over to worldly feelings did not listen to their conscience or their hearts, which called on them to stop. My people must become stronger, for there are lukewarm people in them. Desire for what is worldly leads them to ignore my requests. Right now I need heroes, heroes who love me more than what the world presents to them, more than their own interests, more than self-imposed goals. Vain are human concerns.... May the heart of those whom I have called to work for My Kingdom not grieve that they are not understood. My Love permeates everything, encompasses everything and fills everything you can aspire to. Your paths are not those that you impose on yourselves, they are rather those that My Will has outlined for you to achieve true happiness, do not reject it. Pray for England, it will hurt. Pray for Japan, it will suffer. Pray for the United States, it will suffer. Children, go without fear, trusting me and do not go astray in these decisive moments. A darkness such as man has never seen before is approaching, with every moment containing the madness of denial of my divine love, indifference to the gift of life, torture of the innocent, disobedience to my word and the calls of my Mother, the despicable creation of atomic energy and its derivatives, the slander of cinema and television, the arrogance of man who restricts me, the lack of love of those who are mine toward my Mother, clinging to the father of lies and the deception of industry that pollutes the human body by offering altered products for consumption. The death of nature does not go unnoticed; nature cries because of the man who destroyed it. What man has left in space will fall to earth. The contaminated waters will flow down to earth. Man will be purified with his own hands.... then I will come with my peace to meet all those who have suffered in my Name and will enjoy life in my presence. Beloved, do not be afraid. 'I am who I am'... and you, my people I love. I bless you with my peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 22 2012 - Our Lady
Beloved children, I encourage you to take my invocations seriously, treasuring the word I offer you. Each call contains a great lesson for each of you in particular, a lesson of Divine Love. So many millions of human beings! ... and in all of them it is possible for you to treasure the word, not to forget it, but to make it your life, to treasure it, to be sure of its value and in this way, and only in this way, to share it, convinced of the truth it contains. Children, you are privileged..., but more is required of those who are privileged: 'to whom much has been given, from whom much is required'. Yes, children, I ask you to abandon selfishness, rejoicing in that ego which is so very human, which grows and forms deep roots causing man to be unmoved if his environment does not adjust to his comfort, perhaps even putting himself before the word of God. Beloved, nature remains expectant and ready to embrace man so that he does not fall further into the abyss. Before so much human refusal, the sun moved, within itself, to soon interact with man. Technological failure, unimaginable to man, will make him have to use simple tools again. Beloved ones, do not reject reality, it remains before you. Man's dependence on the material, on money, leads you to chaos, to a sense of failure, to the point that you detach yourself from the gift of life when you find that you are economically bankrupt and destroyed. Humanity knows other gods who have intruded into its existence, in whom you place your faith and life. Abomination, ingratitude, injustice, rises with power before those who have removed my Son from their being. Climate change is accelerating around the world, before man's refusal to change. You who believe in the Word of God, you who love my Son, you who are Christians, do not give up in the face of trials; he who keeps the faith attracts blessings. Children: my legions are approaching you to stir you to reflection, to protect you from the very man who in his desperation feels like a failure and without hope. Beloved children, pray for the United States, they will suffer. Pray for Israel, it will suffer. Pray for Mexico, it will lament. Do not forget Japan in your prayers. Children, my Immaculate Heart will triumph when humanity is purified. The Second Coming of my Son will be with power and glory, in majesty. My Son's Second Coming will be announced by His heavenly hosts, who will shake all that exists before the King of Glory. The Second Coming of my Son will not be alone, but surrounded by His legions, with the announcement of Him who is King. He will come for His own, His faithful ones, those who will not break with attacks. Beloved children, the faithful will see the triumph of their sacrifice, they will be crowned with laurels and eternal life. I keep you in my Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 26 2012 - Holy Archangels
Beloved of Christ and our Heavenly Queen, the signs that constantly appear and disappear in nature, in the cosmos, in everything that surrounds man and in man himself are not ordinary signs. Therefore, these are moments of discernment. The blessing of revelation reaches you, not only to our King, Jesus Christ, but to our Queen and Mother of all creation. She, our Queen, does not stop at revelations, she gives them so that you may prepare yourselves. Therefore, what she announced to mankind will be fulfilled. Everything was subject to human conduct.... however, the evil deeds that man continues to perform have caused the Divine Arm to descend. How many signs are increasing in heaven and on earth, leading to human confusion! Everyone wants to experience reality in their own way. How many warnings of such a great refusal of a generation that has eyes and does not see, ears and does not hear, not accepting the change of its 'ego' and not accepting that within this divine plan Christ Himself will check them in the Great Warning! At the moment, humanity itself is denying its own Salvation. This has triggered the beginning of the Salvation Plan, resulting in the Great Warning. We, your companions and guardians, are not recognized by man. We are recalled only when necessity demands it and when man, seeing that he is limited, knows that he needs more intervention. We are faithful to the divine, and among other things, we are entrusted to protect that humanity which does not enjoy the divine light, but only abuses the tolerance and love of Christ. We are beings of peace, love, kindness, sensitivity, so much so that even if we are rejected and unloved, we continue our entrustment. Man must be guided, because events are coming that will test faith and make hearts tremble because of injustice, ungodliness and lack of love on the part of the spawn of evil. The clock is running fast, so much so that it is not time that rules, rather you are living in a non-time that is approaching a sun that will be dark and the moon opaque. You already know about this moment and have ignored it, as other generations have done, ignorance has overcome reality, the worldly has overcome obedience, the superfluous has overcome the human heart and immorality and contempt reign on earth, allowing satanic forces to act as they please, settling in the consciences of God's children so that they hate God. Demons no longer prowl the earth, but take control of those who live without God and act according to the current of those who have taken over the rule of the world and by various imperceptible techniques weaken the conscience and subconscience of man. This is done in order to exploit and control humanity so that it does not reason, even if it suffers the consequences of wrong actions. The decadence of this generation, which despises life, has led it to sink into such a level of lethargy that it does not realize that the Earth is in imminent danger because of the existence of nuclear power plants. Man is aware that in doing so he is exposing all of humanity to the most horrible suffering. Do you expect the antichrist? No, beloved of ours, there are already followers of the antichrist, not making necessary the coming of the spawn of evil, so that you can suffer in the flesh the very serious consequences of this energy used irresponsibly, disrespect for the Living God, the meanness into which the human being has fallen, and the evil that has taken possession of so many souls, so much evil that creation itself is bewildered. Jealousy is the work of Lucifer and reigns in people. You have rejected God and do not know that the thoughts and vibrations of each of you do not remain within your being, but expand and produce a chain of energy that turns against you. Human deeds do not happen and disappear, their effects accumulate negativity, which quickly returns to pour out on the ground. The lament does not wait, it has returned. The signs will not stop, the firmament is a faithful witness to this, we warn you and encourage you to do good, the rest is in your hands. You await the apocalyptic times, look around carefully.... The paths of pain await this generation that has come to usurp the power of God, and it will bear the consequences of this gesture. Pray, beloved, pray for Argentina. Pray for Iceland. Pray for Japan. Heed our warnings, stay attached to the benefits of nature to alleviate diseases. Do not let yourselves be implanted with a microchip, for it is the beginning of human overgrowth, by which a person remains in the hands of controllers who will point out and oblige you to do things you never thought of doing before. This microprocessor is man's consent to let the spawn of Satan be Lord over man. Thus it is written: from the heavenly mantle that covers the earth will come, as in the past, the defenders of the human race. Reject us no more. Heaven promises that no more souls will perish. Be doers of the Will of the Holy Trinity. In Christ and our common Queen. Your brothers on the road, holy archangels, greet Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

August 29, 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in the hope of a new dawn in which peace and divine love will prevail, and above all in the hope of a people renewed in their conscience and therefore in their spirituality.... you must not be afraid, but keep faith in my Son's protection of His people. Beloved daughter, as before, do not keep for yourself any of the calls we give you, they are not yours, they are for mankind, even if they do not want to believe. If you are despised because of us, blessed is this contempt, resulting from obedience. Do not be afraid of what is approaching mankind, whoever lives in union with my Son and this Mother will be forewarned in advance of great events. Live in practical prayer, caring for the common good, have your Sacramentals at the ready, but above all, remain in unity. My beloved, you hear of the riots and wars that are being orchestrated by the followers of the antichrist to prepare his way, so my sorrow for humanity is deep. My consecrated ones, my priests, are also tempted by Satan. Some of them will not be able to resist and will fall. They lack a life of prayer and are less involved in the social life of their communities. Beloved children, I remain with humanity in every event, my Heart remains open to all who wish to take refuge in it. Receive my Son in the Eucharist. Be tireless fighters. Do not despair. Pray for Brazil, she will suffer. Pray for Japan, she will weep. Pray for Australia, it will lament. The power of the volcanoes will be felt, the earth will continue to shake with force, so much so that you will not be able to help each other. Beloved ones: do not despair before these signs. Instead, pray and maintain confidence in the power of my Son and do not forget to believe in my protection. Events are worsening every moment, foreshadowing their imminence. Those who mocked and scorned the Divine Calls will repent of their unbelief. Beloved ones, I do not separate myself from my faithful ones. I bless you, my hand guides you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 04 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you, I bless you. I am making a pilgrimage with my Heart from person to person, from place to place..., bringing the light of my maternal protection to all your brothers and sisters. Do not try to be the light if you live in darkness, let me lead you to the eternal light. Come to me. I love you, I wait for you constantly at the side of my faithful ones. Beloved children, I invite you to be aware of this moment. The earth has been completely invaded by the bad behavior of man, who constantly denies himself or rejects the Divine calls and changes his behavior. You yourselves will be brought before your own conscience, because you do not obey and do not return quickly to God. The moment ceases to be a moment, you live in a non-time. My Son calls you constantly, I call you constantly, and only a few souls listen to these calls. You, my faithful, are the lights that allow this earth not to be total darkness, although my mantle protects everyone. Unfortunately, not everyone wants to cover themselves with the same mantle. Humanity continues its cycle, humanity will be purified by its own hand. The sun has awakened and is demanding the earth to be freed from this decadent generation that causes it suffering. Beloved children, this is my Heart, living and beating, which is before each of you, inviting you and calling you to obedience. As Mother, I come again and again and will continue to do so. With the difference that the time is not recognized and the moment of moments is coming when everything is being prepared for the second coming of my Son. Here is an insistence that you return to the path of truth, love and purity. Turn away now from that which is worldly, turn away now from that which is worldly, turn away now from all that pollutes you and that which is sent by the antichrist, so that you turn away more and more from the true path. Demons are fighting for the souls of people in this great spiritual battle, which you cannot see, but which you perceive. The enemies of the soul are fighting with all their might to create division among my children. Be vigilant and do not allow yourselves to be divided, stay united under my mantle so that evil does not touch you. I encourage you to pray, not only with words, but by being a witness to the truth in your daily lives, seeing my Son in the poor, in the imprisoned, in the despised and unjustly punished. Let your mouth not open against your brother or sister, but be a blessing to your brother and sister. Jealousy has firmly seized mankind; it is the great weapon of the evil one to destroy My faithful ones. I will not allow it, I fight evil for you. But beloved ones, continue to be willing to let me deliver you. Pray for China, they will suffer greatly. Pray for Chile, it will suffer. Pray for Brazil, it will suffer greatly. My beloved ones, the earth continues to shake, events in nature do not stop, on the contrary, they intensify. Also the sun continues to give signs of the rapid fulfillment of the warnings I gave you. Be love, be like Me: I am Love. Be light, as I am light to those who have not found it. I bless you. I press myself into your Hearts with my Love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 08 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I accompany you constantly at every moment. You must gain the strength to transform, to realize this moment you have entered: the final moment in which faith will be put to the test, love will be put to the test, and you must give the necessary answer. Prayers are answered, none are left in the void. I ask you to allow yourselves to be transformed by the love of my Son, and that this love will rise toward your brothers and sisters through deeds born of a pure and sincere heart, a pure heart free of selfishness. This moment, which some have already entered with the suffering that nature has caused, is very strong. All of humanity will suffer great pain such as it has never experienced before.... and you do not learn, you are not aware of it, you continue to live with the mediocrity that the worldly offers you, you continue to live with what is unnecessary and what pollutes you. You have not consciously surrendered to absolute transformation..., you have not prepared yourselves for deep transformation..., you have not engaged in spirit and truth..., you continue to abide in the world.... I want to remind you that: 'my Son will spit out of his mouth the lukewarm. Make a decision, follow the path of my Son, that is why I remain with you, so that my words reach your consciences, so that they remind you of the transformation to which you must open yourselves. I call on you to be true, not to act for your brothers and sisters to see, but to act with a heart that is completely ready, with a mind and heart that is completely ready to be one in this great army that I have called you to: 'the Marian army. Beloved children, I urge you to pray greatly for Japan, which will again suffer. I urge you to pray for Costa Rica, it too will suffer. I urge you to pray consciously for the Church of My Son, it will be greatly punished. It will be devastated because of those who abused it. My heart aches for this reason. Beloved children, even if you do not hear my calls, I will not tire you by calling you to inner renewal, to not continue to be lukewarm, but to make a firm and conscious decision. The moment is running out ... and it has already occurred over humanity. I will be the light that illuminates the way, I will be the word that guides you, and I will reach out to help you when you need me. Beloved ones: you must consecrate yourselves at this time, personally and familially, to my Immaculate Heart, so that you who love me and who have accepted me as Mother in your lives will fulfill what I have asked in my invocations. I do not despise those who are small, humble and simple. If you love me, be love, remain humble and faithful to my Son. Do not be words that tear your brothers and sisters apart, on the contrary: be silence, prayer and love. The enemy of man has approached mankind and has instilled jealousy and indifference in the heart of man, because through them he penetrates, reaching the mind, defeating those who are mine and separating them from me. Let each of you be a banner that flies on high. Radiate the love of my Heart, before which the infernal enemy trembles. The battle has begun, so I call upon you to consecrate yourselves to my Immaculate Heart, thus allowing me to help you with my Love. Children, I love you, even those who do not love me, or who, not knowing me, despise me. I accepted you after accepting my Son. What a great lament! How much suffering you forged for yourselves! And here, from the depths of my heart, I invite you to be with me..., but you remain indifferent to my call. I bless you; I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 12 2012 - Jesus Christ
My people, My beloved people, I bless you. As the sun gives light to all, so my Love is for all. I keep it before each of you, without looking at how much you give Me, because My Love is greater for those who need Me more. My Cross was permeated by the sin of all generations, therefore it was heavier and still is. My Mercy is no longer called for or required by man. I am despised, scorned, cast out of My Kingdom and removed from souls. You have placed Me outside of creation, you have trampled on creation, and now at this moment man will trample on himself. Misfortune is approaching, and in an instant, in the blink of an eye, man will suffer in such a way that, not knowing Me, he will not know how to summon Me, because he does not love Me. You will accept the one who comes to take my Name, to take my Kingdom falsely. And because man does not recognize Me and does not love Me, he will find in this impostor what is necessary to continue to survive. Behold the sorrows so great that you bring upon yourselves. How much you repair! ... Do you repair from the heart? How many prayers do you say! ... Are you aware of these prayers? How do you claim to love me! ... Do you love me sincerely? How do you claim to fight for my Kingdom! ... Do you really fight, or is it just an appearance? Whoever follows Me takes up his cross, but not the one that is the least heavy, but rather the cross that I give him to carry, because those who are Mine follow Me constantly, sacrificing themselves as I sacrificed myself for all mankind. Only in this way, and only in this way, will you be true; otherwise you will be one more mediocre among this world, which is unjust, unclean, saturated with sin.... Pray, pray for Japan, she will suffer. Pray for El Salvador, it will suffer. Pray for the United States. How much suffering they cause themselves! Beloved ones: my Love and my Mercy remain open, attentive to the call of those who are mine; only that the call alone is not enough, I need you to be faithful and show that love, I need you to prove your faith in me, because this moment is not for those who are lukewarm, but for the true children who love me and are ready to overcome their human selfishness to love me above all that surrounds you. Nevertheless, I love you. This human race is mine and I love you. It is mine because I reject no one. My care remains over you. He who is faithful does not fear, because he is aware of My protection. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 16 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I invite you to enter my Heart and live with all your senses directed toward my Son. Your conscience must be bent by the calls of Heaven for the Salvation of man, you must control your thoughts to live according to the Commandments of my Son for those who belong to Him, the mind must not fly from flower to flower, but must settle on the purest flower that remains present in the Tabernacle: the Body and Blood of my Son, which await you every day as if it were the first time. The conscience must be instructed by man to secure it in what is true, in what is eternal, in hope, in faith and in humility, in obedience and fraternity. How many of my children maintain respectable work in the Church! Will this work remain so, outside the Church, serving with humility and love, mercy and understanding toward your brothers and sisters? To serve is not the same as being served, to serve is not the same as standing out, to serve is not to stand out. It is these acts, undertaken for personal gain, that spoil the sense of neighborly love and brotherly love. Humanity pours itself out with a current that mimics the tsunami, trampling brother and sister to maintain a prominent place in the Church, forgetting that the Church is the entire mystical body, not just those who gather. My Son came to serve, not to be served; He came to suffer, not to live among comforts and luxuries. My Son came for His children: the erring, the poor, those corrupted by drugs; He came for sinners, for the hungry, hungry not only for spiritual bread, but also for material bread. Knowledge is not incompatible with the essence of a Christian, because you cannot love who you do not know. As a Mother of Humanity, I constantly see abuses against the gift of life, and my heart aches for this. I see centers where nuclear energy is stored for war and force.... Communism has been forgotten by man, and this has allowed communism to invade. You are suffering from this in several countries and will suffer even more because of it. People's distraction and absentmindedness favors the masks of those who have taken over humanity. Communism is the tentacle of the antichrist, through which he has taken control of small countries in order to later achieve one united front and dominate those who are weak. At times when the world economy collapses before man, man does not want to live without pleasures and luxuries. For this reason, he gives himself over to evil or despises the gift of life. My Son desires faithful and resolute children, courageous warriors of love who are not afraid to be despised for His sake, and who live willingly, knowing that they live in a society without purpose, tempted by what is vicious, easy and temporary. Without realizing the reality in which you live, events take you by surprise. Not believing, you discredit my word, distort it and ridicule it in order to continue your evil behavior. This is the generation in which the very spawn of Satan will flaunt his power and give man to drink the bitterness of his own evil conduct, subjugating him and chaining him to unholy instincts. This is the generation that moves among false leaders and false prophets who deny Divine justice in order to justify man's sinful acts. This is also the generation that will discover the great hidden mysteries. This is the generation that will experience the Great Warning. This is the generation that my Son loves and that I will not abandon. Beloved children of my Heart, my Word is maternal and at the same time will guide you to understand a truth that has not been clearly taught, a truth that is a shield of protection and Salvation for man. Horsemen roam the earth, and the human eye, limited by man himself and his dark mind, has not been able to perceive them either with its eyesight or its turbid spirit. Are these not the signs you expected? Are they not the people who do not fear and despise the divine? This is the generation that will suffer the great plague, already announced by this, my faithful instrument. This is the generation of change. This is the moment of man's ascension to the reality that was before him at every moment, and he did not see it. Yes, children, you are the ones who will experience change, opening the thresholds of knowledge, and you will live in a time when the wheat will be separated from the weeds. This generation is the one that received the prophecies and yet did not soften its heart. Therefore, only the holy remnant will be the one who will ascend with a humble heart and a mind open to the Divine Word. You will be accompanied by your heavenly guardians, so that you will be protected by them. No, beloved children, do not give up, be vigilant with my Son present and alive in you, with the Rosary in hand and with your senses fixed on the love of God and neighbor. My beloveds, let the eyes of the one who says 'yes' be 'yes'.... Not of him who says 'no', let it be 'no'. I come for my children, to guide them, to accompany them in their prayer. Pray for Australia, she will suffer. Pray for Europe, she will suffer. Pray for Jamaica, she will need comfort. Children, unite in one praying voice. I love you, bless you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 19 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you constantly, at every moment, so that you do not succumb to the evil that lurks continually. Preserve unity, each of you is an element of unity, a strong glue that does not allow divisions. How much I urge you to be united in love, in understanding and in God's Love! Man, like the waves of the sea, approaches the divine and then moves away. These moments are not like those in the past, they are moments in which you should reflect on your actions, because my Son is approaching with power and will ask each of you about your behavior and how you have practiced love and brotherhood with your fellow man. The ego of man has become the cause of great evil because of disobedience, because of debauchery mixed with free will. Here is the moment when each of you must rise up, turning away from all that turns you away from my Son and my calls. As the Mother of Humanity, I see the rising and unstoppable wave of immorality in which this generation has plunged. Each of you must take responsibility, this is not unconscious immorality, man is aware that these acts are contrary to the teachings of my Son and contrary to my calls to modesty and love..., they cause my suffering and lead you to fall. Fidelity to my Son can only be found in one way, not in several ways, but in one way, and that way includes faith, adoration and human humility. My Son comes for sinners, for the sick in body and soul, for the needy and abandoned, for those who constantly fall into the mud, unable to rise from it. Only mankind is not humble, does not admit the sin it commits, does the opposite of what would unite it with the House of My Son. This leads man to act without measure, without limit, leading him to the abyss. How many of man's attachments to the material will be broken from one moment! ... and in a man without my Son in his heart, without trust in this Mother .... what reaction can be expected, except despair? Idolatry has displaced my Son, and has displaced me as the Mother of mankind well in advance. It is the idolatry of the material, it is the idolatry of technology, it is the idolatry of the flesh, it is the idolatry of vices that allow one to forget for a second the situation in which one lives. How much indifference and forgetfulness on your part, and how much of God's Love, which continually descends on the one who accepts it freely! I encourage you to unite in prayer for Mexico. I encourage you to pray for Australia. I urge you to pray for Nigeria. My beloved ones, the mind of man has become united in indulging its selfishness, and this, combined with the effects caused by nature, continues to bring pain and suffering throughout the earth. Do not be like those who are lukewarm, who claim to believe and feel what they do not believe and feel in their hearts. Do not be like those who are lukewarm, who come before my Son with a mask of goodness, thinking to deceive him. Do not be like the weeds that invade and spread to obscure the wheat. Be true, expand your heart, your mind and your thoughts, so that what descends from the Divine Will for you, with the Divine intention of showing you the omnipotence of the Holy Trinity, will be received with joy and not despised. There will come moments when those scholars who have amazed mankind will be those who feel ignorant before the Divine Power. Moments are coming in which the love of my Son reclaims those who are His. Moments are coming in which nature, all of creation as one, will embrace humanity to awaken it from this lethargy in which it willingly remains in the face of all that is connected with Heaven. You do not remain alone, you know this well, you do not remain alone, it is necessary that the human will willingly accept my Son and this Mother of yours to protect you. Freedom is not debauchery, freedom is the awareness that there is a Father, a Son and a Holy Spirit, it is the awareness that man comes from the eternal Father, it is the awareness that love and infinite mercy have converged in all generations, and this generation has abused it. Change your behavior, come out of lethargy, draw strength from the word of my Son, the strength of the faithful, the strength of faith, and fight against injustice, abuse, immorality and the denial of my Son uttered by man. Be lamps that overflow with oil, and in this moment of darkness, guide those who ask only for a glimpse, a word, to open up and return to the true path. The climate will wreak havoc on the entire earth, changing its normal and natural state everywhere. Wake up, wake up! For creation is calling you. Creation calls you and warns you, creation asks you to be one with the Will of the Trinity. Wake up, children, wake up, for great events are coming soon. And the horror of voluntary separation, which each of you has marked on your path toward the Word of my Son, will cause you to tremble hard in your soul. My children are wise, and before the storm comes, they make preparations, not for personal gain, but because they recognize their smallness and the greatness of the One who sends me to bring you His Word. Remain in the peace of my Son. Let each of you be a repetition of that unity in which I sustained my Son's disciples in moments of desolation. To be unity does not mean to indulge the one who errs, it means to balance with love. As my Son commands, as my Son asks, so it should be. This is also how my faithful should act.... I bless you. My peace, my motherly love be with each of you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 23 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, man's devotion to God is the source of life. Mankind has conditioned itself to live by a mistaken concept of freedom. A free man is one who possesses such closeness and awareness of my Son's love that he does not wait to be called a second time. Therefore, he is one who knows his conscience and does not expose himself, but rather takes seriously what it means to be a true Christian. I have called you to be witnesses of the Cross, because faith and the experience of faith are more separated than at any other time in human history. Human generations have stained and buried the name of my Son, made him dust, which is why there are so many who want to silence what is coming and purify humanity. They want to silence and ignore the final events for humanity, and this is not the way. The way is awareness with courage and fortitude to rise above self and above distorted desires. Beloved ones, you are living in the midst of a fierce struggle between great and powerful people who rise with strength like giants. This affects all of humanity, not just some. And this is one of the reasons for my constant calls throughout the earth. Man will not be saved through the achievements of human reasoning, but through all people who have the imprint of Divine Blood. Beloved children, recognizing oneself as a sinner, as an offender against My Son, as an ungodly and deviant is not evil for man. On the contrary, it leads man to recognize the universal plan of faith, and at that very moment man, without knowing it and without achieving it by his own strength, allows himself Salvation. This is what my children must take into account: I do not frighten; I warn you to persevere and regain what is lost. My children, whoever struggles for Salvation knows that Salvation is not only personal, but also universal, and resolves to abide in the Commandments and in the Sermon on the Mount, accepting responsibility and not sweetening it to abide in what is wrong. At this point you must understand in the strongest and closest sense man's devotion to my Son. Man must stop himself, look at his life and change it; every man must become a judge of himself and not of his brothers and sisters. Do not turn away from my Son. Pray for Japan, she will suffer. Pray for Peru, it will suffer. Pray for England, she will suffer. The earth is shaking with force, before an unbelieving humanity. Beloved children, the second coming of my Son will lead you to share in the fullness of God's glory. Salvation remains before each of you; accepting it is part of human freedom. There are two paths before you: Salvation or damnation. Children, be careful. It is not my Son who turns away from man; it is man who, by turning away from his Lord, pulls against himself the call of creation, which manifests itself in natural disasters and other signs. Do not be deaf, the signs continue, look up, the Divine Power will be reflected in the firmament. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 26 2012 - Holy Archangels
Beloved, the pages of human history remain filled with our presence. We were direct messengers from the Father's Will to His chosen people, and especially to His servants who were devoted and faithful to Him. We were chosen by God to announce to our Queen and Mother the great event of the coming of the Savior of Heaven and Earth. Our path has not been in vain; our presence in the midst of mankind has marked the plans of the Trinity at times when mankind has succumbed due to disobedience. At the moment, this generation is sidelining us and does not believe in our help. We have received the necessary gifts from the Holy Trinity. Since we live in unity and in union with the Divine Will, we have received from the Will of the Trinity what is necessary to intervene so that man will return to the path of truth and Salvation. Nevertheless, while respecting free will, we continue to help you as much as each of you will allow us. All the announced events and our continuing interventions, which you do not yet understand, have converged at this moment in which we remain in anticipation, because in this way we are obedient to the Will of the Holy Trinity. We will intervene specifically and on a spiritual level for as long and as much as you ask of us, and not in order to stop the divine plans or to mitigate or diminish them. This perverse generation has overstepped the cup of God's mercy. We, your brothers, companions on the journey, present in all ages of mankind, with joy and loving respect towards the Creator, feel sadness for the lack of human awareness and response. Already our King has urged you to be ready, to be ready to be fully filled with what you need to fend off the daily assaults. We see a great indifference, an exaggerated detachment from the divine, and this is because you are still unable to fully understand the very serious moment in which this generation is living. Just as they mocked Noah, they are at this moment mocking those who, fully filled with the Divine Spirit, are announcing the coming events and the second coming of our King. So you will lament when you find yourselves face to face with the futility with which you have acted, with the disobedience in which you have plunged, with the constant denial with which you deny yourselves Salvation. Our beloved ones: at this moment we call upon you to awaken, for time is not time, and the moment is no longer a moment; we call upon you to prepare yourselves with courage, with faith, strength and obedience, but above all in unity and love. Do not fight with one another, for demons move among you and enter into consciences and hearts, into the thoughts and minds of men, working assiduously, unceasingly, to bring you to schism, to a lack of mutual love and to a fall. Aren't you enough of the devil's snares and assaults that you still have to fight among yourselves? The key of this moment is the unity in which you must remain, not looking at the behavior of your brother or sister, but looking within each of you, and thus seeing yourselves as you truly are and without falsehood. This is the moment when a person must work on himself, overcoming all the snares that appear in his thoughts, all the snares that the evil one sows in his heart. It is a moment of personal struggle between good and evil.... and so you did not understand it. It is a decisive moment, an extremely decisive moment, in which a person must fight against himself, against his 'ego' and be humbled anew. Don't lose your humility, don't lose your humility. Do not think you know everything, be humble, go into your personal interior and renew yourself from within in the spirit of Christ's love, universal, without differences, feeling rather as you are: all children of the one Father. Forward, beloved royal people! Forward, beloved royal people! We protect you, we accompany you, so that you do not wander in the desert of sin and meaninglessness. How you offend our Queen! How offended She is by the fashions and trends of the moment, fashions and trends in which the sexes are mixed up and woman has lost her dignity! How much pain is caused to the one who overindulges in these modernisms to satisfy his sinful desires! Not our loved ones, man should strive for holiness, he should strive for purity, so that in this way with his whole being he may want and be able to achieve the holiness that our King expects from each of those who make up His people. What will be the cry of the lukewarm when the wheat is separated from the chaff! There a person will weep and moan and lament his disobedience and unbelief, he will lament that he ignored God's signs, that he spread lies to counteract our presence among mankind. How will those lament who, with God's great mercy, accepted God's signs and choices in the midst of their humanity, and minimized them, leaning toward all that the meanness of the world calls man to! At this moment, he who gives himself to our King and our Queen must be ready, must respect, must abide like those who did not see, who did not hear, who did not feel, but who, aware that the Father was calling them in obedience, wanted to go. And today, at this moment, everything has been left to you, all the blessing through which Heaven itself was directed to you in the revelations of our Queen of Angels. Continue to be a heart of unity, a heart of defense against evil, a heart of love, against which everything that is not truth dissipates and cannot penetrate you. The struggle is hard, but it is not impossible to win. We, in the constant coming and going, do not abandon you, lift your eyes upward. Here we remain your traveling companions, we will defend and protect you at all times. Accept our love and our yes, our Fiat for Christ the King and for our Queen and Mother of Angels and all humanity. The love of Christ remains within you. Holy Archangels. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 30 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are walking lost.... I am the Mother of all mankind. I come to rally the sheepfold of my Son; I call you to unite in brotherhood. Children, deepen consciously each call through which I reveal to you in words God's love, God's mercy and God's Justice. I express the present reality in them, because I want you to improve and be able to achieve peace. Man's speech and behavior will become more diverse, failing to recognize his nature, degrading himself in acts that are superior to animals. Actions against the weak will become part of daily life, humanity will be overly aggressive, fighting over religious beliefs will increase. Man's negativism toward the good is a sign that should prompt each of you to explore the reason why this response is being given to God the Father at this very moment.... it is a sign of the times that have been foretold. False doctrines are arising and spreading everywhere like dust, from heart to heart. Fads degenerate your essence, which serves the enemy, because in the face of a heart that is not alert, he enters to break up and destroy spiritual groups, causing disunity among them. Seek strength in prayer, in the Eucharist, in God's patience and in God's Love. Be vigilant, it is urgent that you see the starry nights, they will allow you to see that what exists in the firmament is not separate from man. Unrest will be more frequent in countries where it is not expected. Men must unite to share the faith and the word of my Son. The calls of this Mother must not fall on dry ground. My beloved ones, be vigilant, do not let the devil lead you towards the actions of men without faith, without mercy, without love. A great river will overflow preying on the people of Mozambique and will cause suffering. The activities of the antichrist will soon be carried out in several countries, the dispossessed will not find a solution, and there will be more violence. Famine is a cloud that hovers in the air, just as the scourge I announced is expanding silently to the comfort of the powerful. Be pure in heart, discern who are sincere to you, do not pounce on those who offer you only entertainment, these are the predators of the antichrist. Some countries are slowly increasing the use of nuclear power, a great misfortune for this generation. Do not be passive, when evil feeds off of man, man falls hard. Children, pray for Istanbul, it will suffer heavily. Pray for Chile, it will lament. Children, pray for Spain, it will be surrounded by mourning. Children, do not be afraid if you walk in truth. I love you, remain united with my Son. I protect you. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 03 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My beloved people, I bless you. My Love and My Mercy remain before each of you. Forward my faithful people, do not stop! Forward, for the strokes of this moment are only for you to show your love and your faith toward my Father's house! In every era, my Mercy and my Love have stood before mankind. Why should it be any different at this decisive moment? How is it that some want to limit My Love and My Mercy? No, no, you will not limit Me! As I protected My people in the past, so I continue to protect them and will continue to protect them. The Divine Word came through the prophets, and today, at this moment, I am clarifying and clarifying My Word before hard-hearted humanity that does not want to be saved. I will not limit My Mercy, no matter how great man's offenses against Me are, but My Mercy reaches My faithful when they open themselves to It and seek It. I offer, and man must seek Me, must make himself ready to receive Me. I am Love, Mercy and Justice at the same time.... I would not be a good steward if I filled everyone with My Mercy when they need rigor in equal measure. My faithful fighters must remain confident in the protection of My House. Those who repent with a contrite and humble heart retain the security of the aid of My House. O humanity! Those who are lukewarm are so many, so many are those who announce a future filled with love and peace, denying my children the ability to see with truth! They deny My announcements and My calls, so that man does not see the accuracy of events, does not renew his conscience and does not become willing to seek Me. Woe to those who, knowing my word, deny it! Woe to those who, knowing that mercy comes along with Divine justice, deny it! What would have happened to my people in past history if Divine Justice had not reached them? You would not be here now, for if sin had not been stopped at the right time, all of humanity would have perished, leaving no possibility for any righteous person to start the history of this generation anew, for even the righteous could have fallen. I encourage my faithful to rise up with strength, to overcome obstacles, to see me, who am the Almighty, and to take up the daily cross with love. I need people of faith, people who are determined, people who are ready to fight with the weapons of love and faith. How many events hover over this generation! Woe to those who have denied them! They will lament and they will ache in spirit, having committed a great sin, which is: the diminution of My Divine Justice to humanity, so that debauchery takes complete possession of that holy remnant that still survives in the midst of that stormy sea that is modernism, which quickly drags in the weak, those who do not know Me, those who do not seek Me, those who despise Me. I encourage you, My people, to speak up for the one who is silent. I am coming soon in my second coming with power, with my glory and my majesty, accompanied by all the angelic choirs, the companions of your brothers in your journey, the powers, thrones and governments. I come with the power not to pass unnoticed. There will not exist a man who will not notice that I am descending with all my power. The earth will shake, the air will vibrate, all creation will surrender before me, for the King of Glory is coming for his people. But before this, before this coming of mine, each of you in a very special way will see yourselves from within, will see yourselves in the spirit, and from it will flow an abundant river that will flow before the conscience of each of you, showing you in its waters as in a mirror all the events of your life. These will be powerful moments, but necessary for you to prepare yourselves properly, to realize the offenses committed against me and against my Mother. However, there will be those with hard and stray hearts who, absorbed and attracted completely by what is worldly and sinful, will say that this Warning event was man-made, deny it and rise up in ostentatious living in sin. My people, I purify those who are Mine, not because I do not love you, but on the contrary, because My Mercy toward you is so great that I want you to be beside Me, and beside Me are pure souls, those who are not afraid to speak the truth, those who are courageous and practice My Love toward their fellow human beings, those who crush human 'egos,' so that My Spirit rises in them with power. I love you, My people, how much I love you! My eyes do not leave you for a moment. Do not fear, I have never abandoned any of My sheep, and it will be no different at this decisive and urgent moment for this generation. I encourage you to pray for the Middle East, the spark of war is ignited. Pray my beloved ones, pray for my beloved Mexican people. Pray, pray for Chile. Pray for yourselves, so that you do not fall in faith. I bless you, my Love remains in you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 07 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my Heart burns with love for you, for those who are mine. My Heart constantly thanks those who love Me in spirit and truth. My Heart does not despise any sinner, if repentance is genuine and if a person is willing to fight against what surrounds him and what distances him from Me. I am Divine Love. That is why I offer My Mercy to everyone; no matter how sinful a person is, if he stands before Me, ready to humble himself and to direct his path toward the good, and his heart remains contrite, I forgive him and lead him to be a new person. I am both Infinite Mercy and Justice. If a person calls on me, I come quickly; if a person despises me, I respect his free will. I intervene for the sake of those who are Mine, I wait, I am patient and I declare what is for the good of mankind. My Love makes Me watch before acting. I would not be a Righteous Judge if I were to shower you with exhortations that do not warn My people, if I were not to fight for you to wake up and turn away from debauchery, rebellion, arrogance, pride, haughtiness, libertinism, immorality and disrespect for the gift of life. And how much Satan has done against mankind, captured the minds of those who gave priority to their idols of power, domination and money, manipulated atomic energy, being aware of its destructive power, and yet, unscrupulously distributed it around the Earth. Ignoring and despising my power, the nations are marching against me, just like those who shouted: 'crucify him! Humanity is crucifying me again and again. Attacking each other, dividing each other at decisive moments, where unity must be the force that lifts the souls of those who love me, so that they are strengthened in brotherly love. Do not seek the one who lives among the dead. Do not seek me in the wrong places, where I do not find a repetition of my deeds, living my word to the full and making it real in your every step. Do not say you love me if you do not share the bread of my Word or physical bread with your hungry brother or sister. Do not say that you love me if you give bread to satisfy your hunger, but leave a person without the bread of my Word. Do not say that you love Me if you do not desire the good of all mankind. Be my Love, cherish yourselves in my Word, and like a crystal that is completely pure, let me become visible in you for the benefit of all who feel lost. I do not abandon you, I respect human freedom. The ignorance and lack of humility of the present man is a lamp without oil, it is an epidemic that spreads with the wind from mind to mind, from thought to thought, from heart to heart. You say you love me and blame me for what is happening, without looking at yourselves, when you insult my Love and despise my calls, denying yourselves the Salvation I offer you. Mankind doesn't see, doesn't hear, doesn't analyze, doesn't keep wisdom and discernment, man lives without love, walking around, sowing seeds of envy, resentment, hatred and ill-will toward his neighbors. There are few who value my calls, with these few I will defend what is mine from the clutches of the devil, who will rise from the turmoil and ignorance of mankind and raise up a liar, who, led by the enemy of the soul, will fight against my Church: my mystical body, will torment it, persecute it, put it to the test and purify it. Whoever does not recognize my truth will also not recognize the deceiver who will hastily lead my faithful to suffer. The prophecies were not revealed to frighten man, but so that man would discern and not be seduced by the traps of the antichrist. Nevertheless, people, my children, before the rebellion of this generation, continue to accept evil, which in this way can tear down and banish that little bit of love you have in your Hearts. Beloveds of my Heart: the serpent does not sleep, he tends to deceive you when you pass near him, he attacks accurately, poisoning you against all that is Mine and leading you to rebellion. Beloved, my faithful will not perish, you are now living in a moment in which humanity will ache and lament. This moment, which is deteriorating more, brings with it terror, but it must increase unity among you. Pray, my beloved ones, for Japan. Pray, my beloveds, for Africa. Pray, my beloveds, pray for Italy. The roar of the volcanoes will inspire fear, do not forget, my children, that I am your God. No matter how much the volcanoes roar, my people will not fall, they will remain faithful in the security that my second coming is near. My people will rise in My Name, and I will bless them with My everlasting love. I send you my peace. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 10, 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in the slow walk of humanity along the path of the spirit.... As Mother, I intercede for each of you. I urge you to fulfill the calls of my Son and my exhortations, so that you do not fall prey to the attacks of evil. When my Son was sent to earth, he did not conclude his love for all creation, he proclaimed the universal Commandment of Love, and at the moment this law is not understood by man, who sinks into his own selfishness. There is an implacable adversary at work in man: human selfishness. Man, unaware of the consequences of his actions, multiplies evil against his neighbors and against all creation, forgetting the 'mystery of the Love of the Holy Trinity ' to which he should pay attention. Man must direct his thoughts toward Him who is infinite purity: my Son. All must cooperate in building the Kingdom. Man, being the temple of God's spirit and despising it, refuses of his own accord to be the recipient and giver of God's graces. In this present act, in which mankind has fallen, not only participating in the evil that is happening, but allowing everything to pass unnoticed, failing to react before injustice, mankind imposes on its soul a life of more than passive indifference to the causes and effects born of misused human will. The awakening to which I call you is an action for the good of your fellow human beings and all of creation, so that peace fills your being. The harmful currents, toxic, catastrophic and poisonous of this moment, degenerate man's spiritual self, immobilizing his desire to build good. Beloved, evil has achieved and will achieve even more, even the unthinkable.... my children will have to suffer in order to realize this diabolical reality, which the devil orders to constantly increase in order to destroy man himself. My beloved ones, pray for Australia. Pray for the Middle East, it will suffer greatly. Pray for Mexico, he will cry. You are ignoring my calls, you are changing the truth, and some of the elect are afraid to proclaim the truth of what I am revealing to you. Children, you do not walk properly, you come to receive my Son improperly dressed, and some with a conscience stained by constant sin. Violence is increasing like the plague, like the pestilence that is progressing and against which I warned you. You do not recognize the signs of creation or the signs of man's wickedness until these come upon you, without warning. The earth awakens because of the roar of some volcanoes when it shakes. Man has no compassion for human suffering, he is indifferent to it, and at the moment indifference is as dangerous as nuclear energy. Children, live in constant practice of Divine teachings. Be worshippers of the Glory of the Father. I bless you, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 14 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I am waiting for each of you in a special way, you are my beloved ones. I persistently keep you in my calls, because I want you to return to me. It is not darkness that weighs on man, it is not fear that weighs on man, it is the distance you are at from Me that causes you to be afraid, to doubt or to make excuses. He who abides in me is sure of the constant care of my House over him. Who will you respect if you do not respect me? Who will you call Father if you do not call me Father? Is the temple of the Holy Spirit the one who lives immersed in sin, the one who returns to me only in moments and in constant coming and going like the waves of the sea, thus giving their souls to the devil, in a frightening lukewarmness? Can such a person be a true and living temple of my Spirit? My people must urgently prepare and prepare spiritually for the final change, from which you will emerge triumphantly, you who live in spirit and truth. Unparalleled moments of tumult and temptation are for those who have yet to secure their faith in Me. Man urgently needs a change, a radical change in his behavior, a conscious inner transformation, because in my ranks you must be prepared for any attack. Not only must you walk on water, or stay in the desert, or multiply loaves, but first you must want and realize once and for all that you cannot turn away from me. You must be those who want there to be a very close relationship between the human person and me, in which there is no separation, because I have already paid the price for everyone. I urge you to be ready and vigilant, not sleeping and not forgetting that he who is not vigilant will not be able to resist trials. You see that these events are so far away.... and they are so close! And mankind persists in its pride, which leads you down the wrong path. Man will lament and cry over his disobedience to My Word. It is difficult for you to comprehend the level of demands on those who follow Me.... and you pretend to be in my ranks without transforming yourselves! my path has been laid out so that you do not see others, but first of all yourselves. Because the thirst of the spirit is greater than the thirst of the physical, food does not satisfy hunger because it is greater than physical hunger. The lack of the spiritual, the lack of knowing Me, of being in constant union with Me, the lack of conscience, the lack of readiness before Me, this is what prevents you from knowing Me as I am. What you know is a faint shadow of My divinity. You are afraid to go deeper into Me, because you know My demands. Time flies. As the eagle soars to the heights and from there sees, recognizes, dives and snatches its prey, so it is with man, only that he has forgotten that to be an eagle he must possess my gifts, and these are not for those who do not deserve them. Pray, beloved, for Jamaica. Pray, pray for Japan, she will suffer. Pray for Central America. Children, you are navigating an uneven terrain on which you must tread with the utmost caution, because setbacks are constant and their purpose is to discourage you, but do not forget that by rising from every stumble, you win battles. I do not abandon you, my Mother does not abandon you, your guardian angels, companions on the road do not abandon you, and Heaven remains with you. Only human hardness makes you underestimate My greatness. I am righteousness. My greatness is revealed in you, in every creature. It is not by supplication that man reaches the summit, but by firmness of disposition and a righteous and just conscience. Fish swim against the current, just as my children are mistreated by a society that despises me. Do not abandon my path, be more prudent and prepare, for I will come. The roar of the volcanoes does not wait, the earth groans, man suffers. The man of faith strengthens his path with prayer, and his actions are the practice of his inner life. I do not want hesitant testimonies that embarrass me, but children who proclaim the truth of my word. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 17 2012 - Saint Michael the Archangel
Beloved children, you are guarded by me, your every step is seen by my legions. The enemy of man wants to gather as many souls as possible to rise with greater power. When our Queen speaks in Heaven and in the universe, every knee bends. On Earth, Her children do not listen to Her, ignore Her calls and cross them out as false. They do so in order to escape the reality that affects them. They do not see the truth where it is, they see it in what is deceptive; this is the way evil comes to attract people, to turn them away from Christ and our Queen and Mother. What is to come unexpectedly is not a story of the past, but will become a reality in this generation because of the distancing from the truth, from brotherhood, from the inclination to goodness, and above all because of the limitation of the Almighty's action in man and the turning away, the distancing from Him. Not knowing everything, man is born predisposed to act within the framework of free will, contaminated by what is worldly, and which distances him from the truth and from union with Christ. Beloved: this struggle at the moment is spiritual, and you must stay on the right path to shorten the suffering. It is not man who administers God's Justice, it is the King who comes with Power, Glory and Majesty to show mankind how wrong they are, making wrong decisions against life, goodness, obedience and love. The chains that man is currently pulling are heavy. They are part of a generational legacy, and are absolutely necessary for you to recognize that without God's help everything else is futile - efforts, little, words, vain and striving, confusing. Pray, beloved, pray for Russia. Pray for the United States, they will suffer. Pray for Japan, she will weep. Beloved: when time is not time, when the moment is about to cease to be a moment..., the gap of blessing is opening, the change is approaching, the greatness of the knowledge of devotion to our King is approaching.... the choice is in the hands of man. The remaining moments will be intense for all mankind, and above all for the Church, which will be stoned. You, the faithful of Christ and our Queen: maintain the firmness that this moment demands, do not take steps backwards, the enemy is still lurking. For this firmness that I have called you to, you must maintain peace and brotherhood. The lukewarm will be spit out of the King's mouth, this is the moment of moments. Be those who will open to your brothers and sisters a spiritual vision that is not for those who have empty hearts, but for those who live in truth, for those who discern and are not afraid to be lost. The lukewarm are in excess, the true children are not there. I urge you to practice mercy toward your brothers and sisters who are set on this terrain of lukewarmness. Man must broaden his mind and enlarge his thoughts to perceive the infinity of creation, which is not hidden, but is revealed to man. Beloved ones: after the martyrdom and the cross, peace will return. Do not turn your eyes away from Heaven, be those who keep wisdom in faith, so as to witness the permanence of Christ in His children at all times. Raise your eyes to the firmament i.... Let us give thanks to the Lord, King of all creation. May my Blessing be in each of you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 21 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my creation is a sign of love. Every created thing has a purpose. The heavens and the universe give shelter to my children and everything created: the night is necessary, the stars are necessary, the sun gives light to all existence, emanating my Love inscribed in them for the good of men. What has man given to my creation? The destruction of what serves man, forgetting the main purpose of the resources I gave you. At this moment, because man has overstepped the bounds of nature, nature is asking man for what it lacks and what has been appropriated. At this moment man is devouring himself, the spiritual person is seen as an alien, because the world does not recognize its God. My Love is infinite, so much so that I warn you to return to me, asking for my Mercy with all your heart, with a clear conscience and a contrite heart. Beloved children, if your gaze is pure, your heart is pure, your word is pure, your behavior and actions are pure, because you will have the right disposition and the right desires to share the blessings that come from My House. At this time, those who serve my Church must have a generous and humble spirit, those who serve my people must have a generous and humble spirit. He who wants to be great, let him make himself the least and the servant of all. My Love is the sun, the star, the water, the earth, the food; whoever loves Me knows Me and recognizes the mighty and unlimited God, the Lord of all that exists, and while He possesses love, He also possesses severity for His people. It is I who must remember this before those who drag humanity to the debauchery that has drowned it in the abyss of the abuse of My Mercy: you will see yourselves, each before his conscience, this will be My great Act of Mercy in which each will see himself. Children, the intrigues of the nations for power will be a cause of pain for them. They have taken people as gods and these people will lead them to suffer without measure. Humanity's progress is its growth in decline. How you have wounded and continue to wound my Heart with abortion! You have wounded me with the immorality of today's fashions. Children, you continue to wound me because you do not know me! The bowels of the earth shake before a proud man, and man will suffer the consequences. Pray for England. Pray for Spain. My archangels look at you with sadness and remember how in the past they called you to change, and you were not respectful or attentive to those calls. Children, do not remain restless by ignoring my calls. Your conscience must unite and attune to my House, in this way you will act in what is good. My peace be with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 24, 2012 - Holy Archangels
Beloved, the gift of life is a profound gift of love, which man has received as an invaluable treasure.... not to fall into vain attitudes, like those who drag themselves through life in a state of agony. Man survives, but does not live, emanating coarseness from all the negativity he absorbs from the collective of humanity. Man walks bitter paths, not understanding the true meaning of life... and then succumbs to self-destruction without contemplation, carrying in his thoughts about things incompatible with Christ and the Mother of Humanity. The enemy of souls is very cunning and has captured a large part of humanity, gathering and using the human mind at his service and for his purposes. We have always been at your side, we have participated in the history of Salvation, and we will come to your aid when the sun no longer shines. Then your amazement will be complete that you did not believe in our existence, which was for the benefit of mankind. Christ, our King and Lord, receives our adoration as atonement for human indifference.... our Queen and Ruler is praised by us as a reparation for all the offenses that humanity utters against Her purity.... human beings, you do not strive, the desire to seek what is spiritual is not born in you.... What exists hidden in each of you. You have lost the meaning of life in your hurried gait in which you move. You must stand before Christ, and before that each will be his own judge. The Holy Trinity worthy of adoration has always shown mercy to mankind. And it is not directly divine punishment that will make you suffer, but your continued denial of the good. Human stubbornness knows no bounds and repeats its erroneous behavior, as in the time of Noah, as in the time of Sodom and Gomorrah, because man has no conscience in the face of the evil he creates for himself. You are temples of the Holy Spirit, temples that are empty, decadent, neglected, defiled and adulterated. People of little faith, return quickly to Christ! The Queen and Mother is waiting for you and intercedes for each of you at every moment. Beloved ones: do not turn away from prayer and from constant persistence in practicing God's Commandments. Do not give in to temptations. The evil one puts them before you so that you stumble and fall. But do not forget that we guard a faithful heart and a generous spirit. Pray for Chile. Pray for Central America. Pray for the United States. Pray for Pakistan. Love conquers every emotion in man. The peace of Christ be with you. We protect you. We are your brothers, messengers and servants of Christ. Saint Michael the Archangel, Saint Gabriel the Archangel and Saint Raphael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 28 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children: the history of humanity is filled with instances like the present... The teachings have not been written to be only remembered, but to analyse them and take from them the preceding situations and correct as much as necessary, not to return to the same pains. How many I look at without faith mocking my word! They are blind men who wish to lead other blind men My light is everywhere, only that in order for them to look at it, the heart must be well disposed, since it is not the word that harms in itself, but what comes out of the heart of man. Beloved, it is said that blessed are those who for my cause are persecuted, hated, insulted and mocked; a sign that they are on the right path. My love is infinite, as immense and endless is man's abuse of my mercy. They do not heed my prophet, for not all men are found with hearts and minds disposed to listen through a human creature to my word. Blind are those who do not wish to look, deaf are those who do not wish to listen, forgetting that it is I who moves all things. They are a dry wood that will not grow green by their own will. Beloved ones, you should live in unity with my will, in unity towards everything, in unity towards my principles, for since you do not act in this way, you do not succeed in finding happiness. The events have accelerated... Do not forget that I am waiting for you, remember that I am waiting for you. Beloved ones, pray for America. Pray for England. Pray for the West Indies. My love remains open to all who approach with a contrite heart and a firm disposition to change. I await you in the innermost being of each one of you, I await you in the Tabernacle. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

October 31 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloveds: the revival of my word will come in an instant, after the purification. Just as every day the sun rises, so will I come before all mankind. I will come to demand my kingdom; what is mine shall return to me. True it is that I have given to human creatures the stewardship of creation. It is true that I will come to call each individual steward to account for what I have entrusted to him. My coming will not be silent, on the contrary, all that exists will know that the king of heaven and earth is descending with power and majesty, together with my faithful legions that will shake the earth. My faithful legions who will shake all creation. Beloved ones, he is not a good administrator who limits the expansion of his faculties, nor he who distances himself from my word so as not to be forced to change, so as not to be forced to change. Those who are far from me abound, but before me they will not come without first becoming aware of their remoteness and until they are aware of their distance. They will not come before me until they have the ardent desire to be close to me and to live with awareness of this instant. Humanity looks dark, the unconsciousness of man impoverishes his heart, reduces his mind and clouds his thoughts. Beloved ones, you are in the instant in which the level of consciousness of each one about what is happening will achieve the spiritual ascent or the spiritual ascent. Will achieve spiritual ascent or spiritual stagnation, forcing you to make a decision between good or evil. I will give my grace to my own and send their protectors to guide them, but this is not allowed to be done by those who withdraw spiritually, being spiritually partisan, those who withdraw spiritually by being partisans of evil. In the darkness they can, if they wish, find a ray of light and come out of the darkness. On the contrary, in the light they will not they will not find darkness, but more light which will lead them to taste the true union with my house. These my calls are encouragement for the fighters and perseveres, discord for those who live in darkness and confusion for those who live in darkness. And confusion for those who believe that they own the last word. From my heart this revelation has been born in these moments and remains in a continuous present before me. I am your god, the same yesterday, today and forever, the one who preaches the truth and the one who is love, only love. Beloved children, this my word is revealed through my prophet and will guide mankind. This revelation is fused to my house and committed to my people, who accept my precepts and vibrate in my atonement. My word is the same yesterday, today and forever. I have children who are variable; at one moment they are faithful to me, at another they are not, depending on what the world places in front of them. My mercy is always the same for all, my justice is the same for those who deserve it. Beloved children, neither nature, nor the sun, nor the animals will be as they were before, nor will man himself be as he was yesterday. All that exists is not recognize each other. In this instant everything converges where man will have to decide what he really desires for himself.... The chaff will be the only thing he will be able to do for himself... The tares cannot live with the wheat. He who is faithful to me will leave whatever he has to leave in order to follow me, he who is not willing to take up his own cross and sacrifice himself in order to follow me. To take up his own cross and sacrifice and offer himself for me, he will go astray on the way. Beloved, pray for Taiwan. Pray for Japan. Pray for America. Maintain unity, be my very oneness so that nothing and no one will separate you from me. You will suffer greater and more assiduous natural shocks. My love is powerful for those who with faith keep me present in their lives. From the universe will emerge a light that will make the faithless man tremble. You keep yourselves where you are, my envoys will help you. My peace is with all. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 03 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, children, how much more must I urge you to open not only your heart, but also your mind, thoughts and senses to my constant entreaties.... that you be alert not only to what is coming, caused by nature, but also, and this is most important: that you be alert to the disposition for the spiritual and conceptual transformation of what I am warning you about. Recognition on the part of man of his littleness, his limitations, above all when he lives in constant error, is necessary for you to duly heed the call of my Son, who, knowing all things, warns you. Blessings descend from Heaven, 'from above', not from the air, which makes up the earthly atmosphere. In the air, not in the firmament, but in the airspace, are those who have been transformed by man into true air demons in times of war, motivated by Satan, who has infiltrated the mind of some scientists who agree to create bombs of mass destruction and other various chemical agents against humanity. These real air demons are artifacts born of man's thoughts, created by the hand of man himself, transported by air to be detonated over large populations, which will be repeated, causing death, mutation of innocent beings who are currently roaming the Earth, not realizing the gravity and immediate annihilation that nuclear energy causes when man, with his lust for power and destruction, uses it. Children, I encourage you to become aware of this serious daily threat in countries that have nuclear power plants, as well as a serious threat to the entire world. Nature, uncontrollable, is now a threat to man, who has invaded it without mercy. Countries with nuclear power plants pose a double threat to the Earth, which is now subjected to a powerful and known scale of natural events, an onslaught of natural effects, not to overlook the immediate threat posed by Japan. Beloved ones, as the Mother of the Word and of His mercy, I keep in my Heart my Son's respect for human freedom, for those who have developed and are developing nuclear energy and the resulting advances, handing them over to the powerful to subjugate those most in need. This is how to understand the depth of God's Love, which does not subjugate, but transforms and captivates through its mercy. Nevertheless, human stubbornness will not give way, the pleas of my Son and mine have not penetrated the stony hearts that continue to deny these inevitable warnings, lest mankind fall into an abyss from which it will not be able to escape, thus uniting with the gigantic sacrifices of the antichrist and his followers who have already established themselves in the midst of mankind. My beloveds, man will suffer because of what his hand has produced. You have not accepted the calls, you have despised the help and wisdom that comes from the fruits of the Holy Spirit, you have given yourselves over to debauchery and will continue in it, not knowing, not being grateful, not understanding the suffering of my Son for each of you. Beloved: pray for the United States. Pray for Chile, it will suffer. Pray for Iran, it will weep. Beloved children, the path of humanity is turbulent, the current of the majority is dragging and pleases the weak man who allows himself to be dragged along by what is worldly. Children, you live in moments of decision: to follow my Son or the worldly. Those who call themselves faithful to my Son and call me Mother must not allow themselves to be seduced by the pull of the currents of this world or the lust of the flesh. If someone calls himself faithful, it is because he does not make excuses for man's weaknesses, but because he overcomes them and does not fall into them. Man's conscience, man's instinct for goodness and man's disposition is what allows a human person to possess spiritual heights, can ascend and, having ascended, become more spiritual. The path of the human being is so profound with regard to everything he has in order to live, act, discern and connect with a Christ-like feeling, it is so profound that I urge you to act and make an effort in this moment that is coming, the moment of decision. You are aware of the love of my motherhood. My hand is here to protect you and give you my support. You know that the certainty of My watchfulness leads you to great graces. My Immaculate Heart will triumph.... For the glory of God and for the good of mankind. The Mother does not abandon her own, but warns them and shows them the good path to feed on it. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 07 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, my mantle is a shield of protection, an armor that I lay before my faithful, so that evil does not touch them furthermore, as allowed by the Will of the Holy Trinity. My cloak is a part of me, and with it I not only shield and protect, but I spread wisdom and humility to man. My mantle is not an adornment, it is a blessing for the people of my Son. It is a teaching for you to open your mind, your thoughts, your heart and remain united, joined to my Son as one. My mantle covers my being like a sign, so that you will not be attacked by false doctrines. Do not turn away from my Son in the Eucharist, denying yourselves silence, refusing to pray, refusing to live and be aware of the reality of this moment, all this is a mistake that distances you from my Son, it is Satan's manipulation. The devil works in various ways in man, and at this moment there is a spiritual battle going on and you are being tried, because those who are lukewarm do not and will not resist the trials. There are many human beings who walk the earth in masks of holiness, leading my children astray and instilling in them a lack of respect for the most holy presence of my Son, not only in the Eucharist, but in each of you. Children, be strong and delve into the Holy Scriptures. Purity and holiness are not reserved only for religious, but for every person, just as spiritual love is for everyone. Each of you is a living temple of the Holy Spirit, the stones from which temples are built do not speak, you who trust in me as Mother, be temples of witness to Him who is 'the Way, the Truth and the Life. Beloved, pray for Finland, she will suffer. Pray for Panama, she will suffer. Pray for Italy, she will lament. Children, the earthquakes will not stop, just as sin does not stop. Freemasonry is reigning in the church; it is taking root in the gravest evil, lies and darkness, passing them off as kindness and goodness. Freemasonry is a snake lurking for the world to believe that it is all about love, and on the contrary, it destroys the true Church and the unity of souls; it is aggressive and imposing, being totally opposed to the Church of my Son. As with Freemasonry, my children remain lax in the face of foreign forces that invade them. In the same way, man, warned about the advances of nuclear energy, remains passive, without that spirit that makes him raise his voice against that which separates him from Salvation and against that which threatens existence on earth. Do not stand before your brothers and sisters without defining yourself, even if you are the subject of harsh criticism, and reveal to your brothers and sisters: 'I believe in Jesus Christ and in His Mother; I am not of the world, I am of Christ.' How you will comfort the Sacred Hearts in this way! Bless you, Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 11 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, even before the creation of the world, I already loved you in the Will of the Eternal Father. I was the Mother of silence. I was beside each person, respecting that precious gift of free will. Watching you fall in the mud, my hands lifted you up. With motherly love I loved you. When you remained on the edge of the abyss, I laid my hands so that you would not fall and perish, provided you allowed me to do so. Those who did not allow me to do so wounded my Immaculate Heart with daggers thrown by the devil and his greatest spawn: the antichrist. You have torn me apart with the terrible dagger of abortion, one of the gravest offenses against the Holy Trinity, because it transgresses against the gift of life. You have also torn my Heart with the danger of drug addiction, which keeps the one who takes drugs in the lethargy necessary so that the antichrist can seduce him with the most unimaginable meanness, keeping these people in an inanimate state. Accepting false idols leads you, mindlessly, to adopt fashions that not only inappropriately interfere with your closet, distorting beauty, but confusing the sexes, giving space for men to dress femininely and for women to dress like men, and on other occasions to dress scantily and naked. Beloved, suffering lived consciously bears abundant fruit. In your mind, thoughts and heart you are guided by the negative things that revolve around humanity. My children: the evil use and distortion of that which is spiritual, through the instructions of the antichrist, has produced a false image of Christ acquiescing to all that mankind desires and a weak Christ who only grants forgiveness, so that mankind does not experience purification. No, my beloved ones! There is justice at the Father's Throne for those who deserve it when they do not act in spirit and truth. The universes are infinite, just as the Father's creative work is infinite. Mankind refuses to acknowledge the universal Christ, the lord and master of all creation. Instead, mankind distorts Divine Justice, with the approval of some of my priests, encouraging debauchery, falsehood, lies and hypocrisy. You have limited love even in man himself, and denied love to all nature and animals. This has transformed you into insensitive beings, hardening your hearts, going so far as to spread germs that cause incurable diseases and thus reduce the population in some countries. Beloved children, pray for Australia. Pray for Central America. Pray for Brazil, she will suffer. Pray for Denmark, she will weep. The constant lamentations from region to region will not cease. The smoke from the volcano will not cease. My beloved ones, the moment of change is approaching and everyone will witness the power of my Son. You cannot live as before, the Kingdom of my Son will touch you, it will come to you and a great miracle of love will take place: the election of the holy remnant, those who have persevered and suffered, so that my Son can show His glory before the unbelievers. The lamentations of those who have been foretold of the consequences of the evil use of nuclear energy, which has contaminated much of humanity, will be heard. The lamentations of those who were foretold of the danger of the spread of viruses of all kinds, and who did not turn a deaf ear or soften their hearts before the presence of my angels and reacted with pride, will be heard. The Church of my Son is wavering, do not be troubled, the prudent child still holds the hand of the Holy Spirit. Beloved of my Heart: keep faith in the protection of this Mother who loves you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 14 2012 - Holy Archangels
Our beloved people, faithful people, you who abide at the foot of the cross of our King and Lord, you who, like us, were created by the mighty Hand of the Father, who in His omnipotence can create anything He wills! ... to you we say, crying 'yes' at this time, crying 'yes' in the name of the faithful. There should be no divisions between those who profess different faiths. This is a moment that has been heralded from time immemorial; in it all the revelations and announcements of the past and present converge. It is no longer time..., it is no longer yesterday..., it is no longer the past, but the moment of this moment in which we cry out to you: 'Unity. Our beloved ones: we are, at the request of the Alpha and Omega, companions on the journey of each of you through this land, through this road that becomes steeper for the faithful, for those who struggle constantly to achieve spiritual elevation, to get out of the current of the world and see beyond, where those who live immersed in what is worldly and sinful can see. The sea is rough, but the one who remains faithful does not sink, because faith keeps him firmly above water, very firmly, and he stands where others will sink and perish. Today's man in such abandonment keeps the real name of the Holy Trinity! In what great contempt you have drowned the Mother of our King Jesus Christ! By your own will you wanted to remain orphans, without a Mother. Those who call themselves believers and lovers of Christ the King of the Universe must understand in their little mentality that the Mother, our Queen, Queen of the Heavens and the Universes, must be treated as such. We come to you to call out to you precisely to open your thoughts, your mind and your heart, to preserve in all of them this revelation, which is not given casually, but in view of the urgency of this moment. We do not come to create fear, we come to instill in souls a serious and responsible attitude so that they will awaken from this lethargy in which they continue to live, unaware of the reality, not only at the physical and spiritual level, but of the scientific reality that man himself discovers and against which he finds himself in extreme powerlessness, to the point of wanting to produce effects in nature itself that will be harmful to man, and once nature is awakened, man has no power to stop it. The man of science comes to these extremes, the man of science who in his wild race wants to be God. We cry out to this holy remnant that endures, not listening to the grotesque words of those who have denied the Divine Omnipotence. The events from which man suffers are taking place all over the world, little by little, but people read the words that come from Heaven and hear about the events that take place, and are unable to reflect and see that there is a complete synthesis between this word sent from Heaven and the events that take place here on earth. The pride of humanity! How deep will you plunge man? To what is most low, until he drags himself along the ground, and when he does not have the strength to even cry out: 'Abba Father!" ... until at that moment man remembers that at least in his mind he has a supreme being who created him and to whom he must beg to be heard and forgiven. We, the divine messengers, do not cease to tirelessly accompany each of you. Therefore, you must give faith, you must bear witness to that capacity with which you were created to see further than the ordinary man can see, and to love the one who comes in the name of the Holy Trinity to save you through the Divine Word of love. You are afraid of who you should not be afraid of, and you love sometimes those who lead you into spiritual ignorance in sheep's clothing, not allowing you to exercise yourselves spiritually to exalt and enjoy the presence of our Christ, the King of the universe, who remains present in every human being. This is a moment for you to revive Christ the King within you, so as not to be caught in the snare of the devil or Satan. He remains in a fierce battle against us, the messengers of Christ, but with the same power that Christ gives us, we will help His faithful, His holy remnant, before the hour is completely exhausted in Heaven and before the moment is completely exhausted on Earth. How many different events of every kind are happening right now! Events of every kind: natural, economic, food-related, but above all, spiritual lack. And this is due to the lack of serious religious study of man. We don't come to bring news, we come in the name of Christ: King of the Universe and Blessed Mother, under the call of Mary Mother and Empress of the Americas, the Virgin of Guadalupe, because in her is represented the whole of creation, and just as in her mantle every star shines without interruption, so we come again to explain by divine command this call that was made by the same Christ, our King of the Universe, when as a twelve-year-old boy he preached his word, the word of his Father in the temple before the doctors of the law. So before you we come to explain this urgent call. We do not come to mention the end of this humanity, the end of the world, but the annihilation of this generation, this generation that does not love itself, that does not respect itself, that does not tolerate itself, that destroys itself, that is condescendingly disobedient. No, beloved of ours, this is not the way to go, this is not criticizing God's calls, this is not subverting Heaven's messengers, this is not ignoring and demolishing Christ's or Mary's calls, as to strengthen the Church that our King has established, here on earth for you. Stay vigilant you who know the developments and who respect this word coming from above, stay vigilant, don't be afraid of change, don't be so afraid of nature, but of yourselves when you turn away from the true and correct way, which is to stay united, united and realizing this word, this call of love in spirit and in truth. To be a witness to our King does not mean to be completely lenient when it comes to allowing the evil that your brothers and sisters do, but on the contrary: to give them loving attention. The earth continues to shake from one point to another on the globe and will continue to do so; volcanoes will be formed and man will suffer. From the universe will come a test for man. Everything is uniting to stir consciences and awaken people, this is the moment, this moment in which those who live in truth will be visible before everyone, and those who live in darkness will not even be able to look at themselves. Do not confuse, beloved of ours, the Great Warning, which is near and of which you are aware, with the three days of darkness revealed to various prophets and mystics. Do not entangle and confuse people, be careful, we cannot hide the truth from you. Humanity will experience a spiritual change, accompanied by a change coming from the depths of the Earth and from the infinity of the universes. There will be weeping and repentance, but there will also be indifference on the part of those who want to abide immersed in darkness, and whoever dives into these words of ours to find some inconsistency with the Scriptures will find so much light that he will be blinded. Pray, beloved of ours, pray for Japan, the cause of more pain for humanity. Pray for Chile, our beloved land. Pray for Italy, beloved land of ours, but soured by those who misrepresent the true calling of our Lord Jesus Christ King of the Universe. In the name of the Holy Trinity and our Queen Mary, Virgin of Guadalupe and Empress of the Americas, with the love that the Father Himself has placed in us, we convey to you our peace and our love. Saint Michael the Archangel, Saint Gabriel the Archangel and Saint Raphael the Archangel. Remain in the peace of Christ. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 18 2012 - Holy Archangels
Our beloved, we love you as a creation of God, the fruit of the same Fatherly love that, in creating and creating the heavens and the universes, also created man. God created the sun by condensing it so that the light is not divided, but embraces everyone, and although there are solar flares from time to time, the sun is not weakened, it does not lose its atoms, but recreates them on its own. In the same way, man should be, like the sun, which absorbs all creation to recreate its light. God placed the moon so that man would feel obligated to look up at its beauty, and He also gave the stars so that man would feel attracted by them, giving him a sign that the universe is not just the Earth. The Sun and the Earth, the Moon and the Earth are connected. Mother Earth remains absolutely connected to the sun and moon, which exert a greater influence than the one the same man of science has now discovered. The pulsation of the sun, its explosions containing fibers of energy unknown to man, affect the Earth to a degree that raises the level of aggression in men and women, as a result of the same aggression with which they themselves treat the Earth. Humanity is receiving the fruit of the destruction of what it has received for its prosperity. The magnetism that the sun will exert will affect man and force him to go backwards in absolutely every aspect; the science that man is proud of will be unable to do anything in the face of the solar explosions that are occurring with greater force. The moment is near when he who walks without Christ in his being and who is spiritually lukewarm or does not keep the will of the One who created him will act without self-control. Human fear is not an immediate solution, the solution is rather to personally change and make a personal introspection that leads you to look at yourself in the ugliness you carry, thus polluting your brothers and sisters. The main epidemics are the negative pollutions with which you operate without truth, in the darkness and among the shadows, creating greater effects in yourselves that degrade you to become more and more useless, more and more inert with each passing moment. We do not see unity among human beings, but distortion. Your spirit is moved by appearances, and at this moment the believers are those who do not allow themselves to be moved apart from the will of God. Beloved, mankind has betrayed the love of the Holy Trinity and plunged into its own pride, blinding itself and urged by evil to do more evil. Christ is Infinite Mercy, and man is unmerciful to himself...you demand mercy from Christ, but not justice.... justice entails subhuman acts, which man is happy to repeat every morning or evening. This brings the fall over the Earth, the rise of atomic energy as a means of power and the merciless extermination of the innocent. This does not come from Christ, but from perverse demonic instincts. Beloved, pray, the earth is in danger. Pray for personal transformation. Beloved ones, pray, do not persist in the evil that feeds the forces of Satan that act on the powerful people of the world. Pray for Nicaragua. Pray for Finland and Japan. Pray for Mexico. Submit faithfully to God's values, do not give way. Be strong towards yourselves and towards those who persist in error. Listen to the love of Christ and of our Queen and Mother in these words we leave with you. Embrace peace, be givers of good, and maintain unity as a symbol of the love of the Holy Spirit who dwells within you. We bless you. Your brothers, Saint Michael the Archangel, Saint Gabriel the Archangel and Saint Raphael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 23 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, I bless you. My Heart is constantly beating for you in the midst of this humanity that is constantly hurting My words and My truth. The forces of nature are stirred and powerfully spread. You have unleashed the harshness of nature, abused My patience, and yet My Mother continues to intercede on your behalf, unfaithful and ungrateful. You do yourselves so much harm by denying Me, present in you! ... how you will mourn the disobedience of this moment to my calls! The star of the sun burns with greater force toward the earth, thus showing its disagreement with the deeds and behavior of this generation, this generation that constantly humiliates itself, plunged into endless sin. You, My beloved ones, do not separate yourselves from Me, abide step by step in My Love and in My Truth, for I do not abandon you. Beloved children, great events, announced in advance, stand at the door of this generation, do not doubt calling upon Me, calling upon My Name, calling upon My Love. I will not close the door to you, if in you is preserved a humble, humbled and willing heart, that I may be its King. You will receive a great sign from on high, in it you will see my love, you will see my great Act of Mercy, it will be a mercy in the midst of man's lamentations, in the midst of man's requests, man who, seeing himself, will cling to me more. How my Love for you desires that all this should not come true! How much I have slowed down time.... Time! my Mother, who intercedes for you, continues to do so, so that I, her Son, do not yet lower my arm upon you, but I will come soon to seek you, to see you face to face, so that you yourselves will unveil and discover your conscience and your heart before Me. It is not the praises of men that fulfill My will, but immeasurable devotion to one's brothers and sisters and to My law. How great a danger rises above this humanity! ... how much misery and lamentation towards my children! ... how much pain a father suffers, seeing his own grief and suffering! ... how persistently I have called upon you! ... how many denials on your part! ... the moment will come when this will cease to be, when I will gather my faithful, take them by the hand and we will go in my peace and in my Love towards the full world. My beloved ones, I bless this land of mine: Paraguay. My Mother is placing her mantle of protection over this nation. I cry out to this My people not to reject My requests, not to forget this beggar of love who is once again knocking at the doors of the hearts of those who are His seekers of this correspondence, of this love that is Mine and for which I come. My beloved people, look toward My House, rise to the heights. My children must go with their heads held high, not retreating, even if the attacks are constant and persistent. Do not retreat, he who retreats is doomed, and I desire to save everyone. The minds of the perverse work against My people. Be strong, remember my calls; in no case will the forces of the devil crush my faithful. So with this faith in my word, do not let you, my faithful, be introduced to a microchip, which will be diligently spread throughout the various countries. Remember that my manna will descend from my House, for I am faithful to my people, if my people are faithful to me. Unite, do not allow disunity to destroy what my Love has built; be obedient to my calls. You soldiers of my Love, be patient; let the enemy not destroy what we have been able to erect. I am building on solid ground, and the enemy wants to weaken the foundations on which you stand. Resist, resist, resist. The moment passes like a blow, resist. I remain with you, not abandoning you; resist, for the moment has been shortened even more. Pray, my beloved, for Japan, do not forget her in your prayers. It will be a cause of pain and sorrow for humanity. Pray for my beloved nation of Chile, do not forget it in your prayers. Pray for Mexico. Pray that the winds of war will cease to be winds, do not turn away from me, do not turn away from this consciousness to which I insistently call you, conscious to be part of my ranks. I bless you. I keep you in my Sacred Heart. You are my children, I love and protect you. Do not fear the one who can rob you, but the one who can turn you away from Me. Be strong in the face of attacks. My peace be in each of you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 26 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless what the Father has created for the blessing of man. I bless the essence of each of you, my beloved ones. It is not through misused human power that man will be able to rule the world.... the moment is coming when nations will suffer, tormented by the reign of weapons of mass destruction that some nations possess. Eventually, nations that do not have the resources to feed their populations will possess nuclear weapons, acquired by starving their people. The man who proclaims that my Son is his Lord will be persecuted. Human stupidity will exterminate the word 'God' from its life and from its space. The one who loves the truth will be feared, and therefore will be persecuted, not only by some of his brothers and sisters, but by hierarchs, institutions and rulers. Children: pray actively. It's like an athlete who wants to triumph and, with only a meter to go, feels that he is breaking down, but inside he knows the truth about his training, his commitment and his courage for this great moment. So do you, my beloved. You are on your way to the end of this generation, not the end times. My beloveds, at the end of this era, man will bring his own purification to abide as a renewed creation, with a very tested faith. My Son is returning to separate the wheat from the weeds..., He is returning to reap what is true. My beloved ones, even the flesh of man will not be able to bear the wickedness that comes from himself. From this begin the unknown diseases that devastate every man. The sword of man is ready to destroy, and my hand is ready to unfold a moment of love, preserving the Mercy of my Son toward mankind. Not because she deserves it, but because of my maternal love. The winds of war are rising and even man does not look at himself or the innocents he has beside him. The signs do not cease.... and my Word will not be silent until Satan is crushed by me. Man's conscience leads him to formulate intentions that will not be realized later, and man himself will believe in them, thus suffering defeat and not bearing fruit. You, my faithful: do not stop, for I am looking ahead. Do not retreat, remain in that first line of those who do not hide their faces from the enemy. Pray, my beloved ones, for England. Pray for the United States. Pray for Mexico. Do not retreat, he who retreats is not real. Do not seek in time what is written by man. I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 28 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my people, as in the past, are still wandering, not finding their way. The humanity I love has withdrawn from my care. It has mistaken free will for abuse of My Mercy. I waited for everyone with patience, leaving no one out, all are my children. My people are not formed by a few, but by all, without discrimination. Accept my insistent calls for the unity of those who are mine. The enemy grows as man increases in wickedness; the enemy becomes merciless toward My people. At every moment he instills more and more wicked instincts in those who despise me, because they are fertile soil for him, to the point that they infuriate their neighbors. The earth, the cradle of man, does not tolerate the one who destroyed and invaded it, and mocks its Creator. The masses, satisfied and immersed in innovation and modernization, have allowed themselves to be deprived of the reigns of truth and morality, and are no longer interested in them. At these moments, I cannot speak to you about unconscious acts, because man is conscious of his actions. I call on you to change your spiritual state, your faulty conscience, and to take your heart from the flesh and leave behind a heart of stone, otherwise you will not recognize my voice, no matter how close I am to you. False prophets call you to live in the world, without change, without repentance, without turning to my will, without leaving sin behind. Woe to those who follow them.... and woe to him who leads my people astray, blindfolding them so that they do not recognize the signs of the times! You do not live in another moment, but in the moment of moments. Pray, my beloved ones, pray and intercede for Japan. Pray for Canada. Pray for the United States. My people pray in every act realized in my Love. My beloved ones, be vigilant, for evil is approaching to make you stray from My path. To the extent that you engage and are aware of the urgency of the moment, to that extent you will be tested. Remain vigilant so that you will not succumb to temptation. Who is my Mother and who are my brothers? You, my faithful, do not be afraid. With the cold I come to cover you.... In loneliness I am a comfort.... In contempt I am an encouragement.... I am who I am and I will not abandon you.... do not fear, my Heart hears the beating of those who are Mine and goes quickly to their aid. Do not despair, you have always lived in a time that is not time and is still Mine; man has set limits to guide himself in his passage through the Earth. I approach with my Power and Majesty, I approach out of love for my people to reclaim them as mine. Not with silence, but with My Power, with My Glory and Majesty; like a king who, driven from his kingdom, returns with power and makes himself heard by all. My beloved ones, these events point to the urgency, to the man who denies himself Salvation. Be like the eagle that sees from afar, from on high. Fire emerges with power from the earth, the sun is no longer man's ally, on the contrary, it calls him to repentance. Water will again be a cause for lament, and yet you continue as if everything is happening from afar. O mankind, how sorry you will be for rejecting My calls! My faithful, with patience I come for my people. Pray, visit Me in the Tabernacle, I am waiting for you. I give you My peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 02 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I remain with you in a perpetual pilgrimage without end. I come to each of you, seeking a place where I can penetrate those hearts of stone that do not soften, not even seeing me face to face. Evil penetrates, it does not sneak peeks, but penetrates; it no longer peeks, but penetrates into those who are weak, into those who are not firm, into those in whom the human prevails over the spiritual. Evil pounces on the souls of my children, which it attacks mainly to discourage them. Evil attacks unity with great force, because it knows well that those who are mine are slow to recognize this attack and succumb to schism. Although they are able to recognize it after allowing it to wreak havoc. To be 'chosen' at this very difficult time, it is not enough to be recognized as such by your brothers and sisters, but you must be recognized by my Son and by me. Theory is easy to declare, practice is total merit. In practice, the inner being of a true Christian is formed: a growing Christian who sees everything that happens, not out of fear, but as an awakening of what is to come. My Son is coming in His Second Coming..., the Lord of the Harvest is coming for His own.... comes with the power of Heaven, in the midst of His mighty legions, heard in the heavens and on earth. He comes in the company of His own, who dwell with Him on high and abide in His Will, being one with Him. My Son is coming, shaking the world, and every creature will know that the King of Glory is coming. Meanwhile, evil fights in the open against My children. The serpent attacks man's thoughts, gaze, emotions, mind, word and heart. I, who with my mantle guard the universes and search the hearts, see good intentions, but not good deeds.... I, who see universes, ache for you stiff-necked and arrogant people.... I, who see the universes, am loved by my guardians, who love humanity and give themselves up for you; they will come for the faithful and innocent not in chariots of fire, but in the will of my Son, and every eye will see them, and every mouth will recognize Divine Omnipotence. Pray at this time, pray for the United States. Pray for Russia. Pray for Taiwan. Beloved ones: malicious intelligence has seized nuclear energy for evil use, creating nuclear power plants with which to shake the Earth; they will be a threat to man. Sleep no more. Evil acts are the product of pride; cry out for God's help. Only the Father knows the time and the hour. I bless you. My peace be in your hearts and in your families. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 04 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not be afraid, do not be afraid of what is coming, do not be afraid of events, be afraid of those who steal your soul. Humanity is about to unite in a series of events known to man, but men and women persist without God. You, who are allowed to hear the will of my Son, I invite you to realize the need for rapid radical change. In other eras, I have called insistently for conversion and have not been heard, but scorned. I invite you to personally consecrate yourselves to my Immaculate Heart, to personally fulfill my request for consecration. Do not give in to those who want to decide the fate of humanity, only my Son with his love, his mercy and his justice will dictate the moment for you. The moments for each of you will not be exhausted until the events come. Use these moments for conversion. Do not deny yourselves the privilege that my Son offers you for your conversion. How I suffer from so many innocents being removed! They are part of the pain that will be shared by mankind. Man despises the greatest gift that my Son gives to every human creature: life. Today, my Son feels cast out into the wilderness and is the object of great criticism. How my Heart aches because of this. Make amends for this very grave sin, for this grave offense. My beloved ones, war is not far away - how many innocents will die because of the pride of those who desire power! I ask each of you to be a repetition of the love and will of my Son, one more in my motherly heart. You whom I love and urge you to persevere, without losing heart, I am with you, I am your Mother. I bless your Sacramentals. I bless your being, so that evil does not touch you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 08 2012 - Mother of God
Hail Mary most pure! All mankind, all my children, I carry you on my mantle, as magnificent stars that enlighten with your faith and your love all those who do not love my Son, who do not obey His calls. I carry you, my people, holy remnant, you who read and listen to my words, not by chance, but because you are chosen to know this blessing to which you have been called by the Father. What I have announced to you through all my revelations, I have made clear through this daughter of mine, the prophet of my Son, and therefore of mine. Do not hesitate in your decision when you must despise what is worldly and turn more to love, truth, mercy and forgiveness. Today, on this special day when you, my beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, give me your love and homage, I come to ask you for your devotion, I come to ask you for answers, and the answer I desire is an unconditional 'yes' to the requests of my Son, is not to deny yourself the truth of this moment without precedent. Very soon, darkness will touch humanity, and with it will come pain in all its glory. Therefore, I am here, I who am your Mother, to protect and defend you, to keep you in My Heart, a sanctuary where I will protect those who are Mine. Come to Me, I am waiting for you, I am waiting for you like a Mother who never closes the doors of her home to her children, like a Mother thirsting for self-love. On so many occasions I have seen you still the same as you claimed to be, because behavior means something completely different from what you tell me with your words! If you truly love me, renew yourself with a generous spirit, with boundless effort. This is the moment to give of yourself, to leave behind this 'ego', all selfishness, all human ego. Humanity, all of you, take heed! The moment is approaching when a drop is spilled from the cup of my Son, the blood of His most precious Blood, which the Cup of Justice contains. Do not continue to be the same, deny yourselves, be honest with yourselves and with me. You claim to love me so much, and you continue to collect leftovers from the Divine Table! You claim to love me so much, and you are unable to make the effort to change! You want to change humanity, you want to change those around you.... and you are still the same. This hurts me, and this attitude of my beloved people is what brings so much misery.... so much misery! My beloved ones, pray constantly, working and acting in the likeness of my Son. Love, renounce all that distances you from my Son and from me. You cannot call yourselves faithful if you do not deny that which distances you from me. Pray, beloved children, pray. Japan will again bring great misfortune to mankind. Pray, pray for Australia, children, pray for Australia. At this moment, when all the stars that cover my mantle are twinkling strongly for you to enjoy and look up to the sky, I encourage you to pray for the Middle East, so that it does not continue to remain unaware of the reality and truth of this moment. I bless you, I love you and I guide you. I am the banner of my Son's people in this final moment. I bless your being. I bless the mind of each of you, so that you will not allow yourselves to turn away from my Heart. Fear the one who is lukewarm, who loves today but does not love tomorrow. You remain strong because you constantly love in spirit and truth. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 12 2012 - Mother of God
Beloved children, just as in Heaven they rejoice on this day, so you on earth celebrate it. As the stars hover over the universe, so my children hover over my mantle, adding to its splendor. I carry you in My Heart and every conversion is a happy birth in My being. My Heart longs for you when you turn away from the true path and from the recognition that a human being must give to the Holy Trinity. How the Father rejoiced when He created me! And when He created me, He also saw you, and in seeing you, He saw hearts and minds ready to follow His word, to follow His Son - my Son - and be transformed into living temples of the Holy Spirit, the Comforter. How joyfully the Father has created the universes so that man can enjoy them and not limit his mind, but so that He imprints 'I love you' on each of you, just as I imprint my 'I love you' in every thing in creation, in every created being! Thus, the life of each of you must be transformed into constant worship and reverence for the Holy Trinity. My beloved ones, how much is foretold of what is to come! However, man must not be afraid, but must be ready. There will be tribulations, the earth is already groaning because of the sins of generations, and from it will flow waters that will seek the earth, transforming its geography. The Sun, in a loving desire to cleanse what it sees tainted, will emanate its power, its heart, its fire, and will lead humanity towards retrospection into infinity. What will you do, children, after finding yourself, feeling that you are without any technological progress in all areas? Woe to those who have scorned my word, which I have brought to you according to the command of the Holy Trinity! Woe to those who, with a heart of stone, with a darkened mind and eyes, without love, despise and tear apart like predatory wolves the calls of my Son addressed to a perverse and sinful humanity that refuses to rise from the mud in which it is currently immersed! Whoever seeks darkness will find more darkness; whoever seeks light will find more light. So many consider themselves worthy of the Word of God, and when it does not reach them, they overrule the insistent calls to man to seek, to cling to conversion! ... because my Son came for the poor, for the humble, for sinners, because the Word reaches the humble and arises in him; the proud one destroys it with his questions, with his thousands and thousands of questions, with his whims, and this is the reason why I come again on pilgrimage to this humble people of mine, to the one who loves the Word of God, who receives it and cherishes it with humility, making it life in himself and bearing witness to what will die in him. Mankind pays no attention to this, it persists in an unstoppable manner, demonstrating an almost imposing unity against the weak, in order to bend and subjugate them to the ideas that the antichrist promotes. Beloved children, I will never abandon you, this Mother remains in front of each of you, dismissing from you whatever you allow her to do, because I respect free will. This chapter, this painful moment of purification does not signify the end of the world, it signifies a generation that must be purified in order to transcend spiritually and be exalted, and in this way, keeping my Son beating and constant in His being, is able to behave as a holy remnant that will triumph before the coming attacks and persecutions. When evil occupies my Peter's throne, the Church will shake, the weak and lukewarm will flee from it, clinging to security and prosperity. You, holy remnant, do not waver, for my Son has already redeemed you, for my Son will not forsake you, and if necessary, will come to you with the 'manna of heaven itself: spiritual manna and material manna. Do not be afraid of those who predict the end of the world with ostentatious words and great eloquence, without a spiritual basis; abide in the calls of this Mother, who, by the command of the Holy Trinity, will not rest from calling you again and again, as many times as necessary. Be aware of this moment in which natural disasters are bound to increase, as is already happening. Be aware of climate change. Be aware of what is rising around you, clearly foreshadowing the coming changes, and with them the coming purification. From Heaven, from on high will come the purification, but this purification will also come from the mind and hands of man, which were created for blessing, but have been used against humanity. Wake up, fill your lamps with oil, my Son is returning for what is His, and before that, those who are His will be ennobled so that they will be worthy of the Lamb. The cup of blessing, in which a drop of my Son's most precious blood still remains, will be poured out gradually upon mankind, and with it will come new purifications. The Earth is groaning..., and Heaven is shaking..., nature is hurting because of man, and sin has exceeded what was expected. My beloved ones, be a blessing to your brothers and sisters and be true, do not omit what you know, for that would be a desire to silence the word and will of my Son. Be courageous in the face of persecution, proclaim the truth with greater force, for truth must prevail before evil; be an example of the beating love of this Mother and love as I love all your brothers and sisters. Beloved, at this time the enemy of souls: the devil, has fully released his demons to spiritually attack man, my children, my faithful. He wants to hurt me, and unable to do so, he has unleashed his demons to tempt the children of the 'woman', the one who will crush his head. Be vigilant, these demons will approach you in the guise of what they know represents your greatest weakness, and there I will see.... there I will see the truth that the mouths of my children proclaim when they say they love me, and even more when they call themselves 'Christians at heart', when they call themselves 'worshippers of my Son'. These demons will tempt you, but when love is real, when faith is real, when belief in my Son and His mystery of love is real, the temptation stops and never bows down to my children. I do not want excuses before my Son from man when he blames temptation to hide his weakness. My children are strong, my children do not fall easily, because they know that they are walking hand in hand with me toward my Son, who is Power, Glory and Majesty, who is omnipotent and omniscient, and before His name even hell is afraid. These people must be men of courage, heroes, not lukewarm men; I do not want any more lukewarmness from your lips, but I want you, at this moment, like 'the one' who gives his all at the last moment, to be able to show love and faith in my Son who redeemed you. Forward, my people! The spiritual struggle you know well is strong, but is it not a reason to allow yourself to fall. Before each of your falls, a new dagger cuts and wounds my Heart, and my Son is crucified again. I urge you, children: be signs of love and blessing for this humanity, confident that I am leading you from my own hand toward my Son, who is waiting for you with great love. Do not think so much about what is to come, although you must know it and prepare yourselves, rather, look into yourselves in spirit and in truth, without pretense or change, transform yourselves and give yourselves to my Son, do not wait for tomorrow, tomorrow is gone, transform yourselves in this moment. Pray, children, pray for Chile. Pray for Japan. Pray for Lima, she will cry. I bless you; I love you; my Heart, the sanctuary of love, is constantly waiting to welcome you into it. Be eternal worshipers of the most holy sacrament of the altar, from it emanates the strength of my children, from it emanates strength for the chosen people. And all those who consciously transform themselves into one more of my faithful children and no longer give themselves over to the devil will be chosen. You shine like precious pearls, and the Divine Potter blesses this clay from which new creatures will be born. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 16 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I bless your being to follow Me like sheep following a shepherd, to return to Me like birds to their nests, like children who seek the safety and knees of the one who loves and protects them. This is how I want you to be lost in me, even if you do not understand my ways and they seem difficult. Out of the difficulties of life is born that which man does not expect, the fruit that he sought and could not find, that which he thought was far from himself, that which he thought was lost. But when a person gives himself in me, what was nullified is reborn with brilliance, hope regains life and the heart beats anew. Desire is satisfied, darkness is transformed into light, what is incomprehensible becomes comprehensible, known that for me the impossible does not exist, when man abandons himself and gives up his will to me. How difficult it is for man, and how easy it becomes when there is humility in man! The way becomes difficult because of human pride, because of the lack of abandonment of self in me, and because of ignorance of me. I am unknown by those who say they love me. Woe to those who despise the Cross, woe to those who despise my wounds and do not worship them! I have been patient, but the moment will come when I will become angry, and my children will be chastised and mourn their transgressions against me. How many scoff at my crown of thorns! And it was my greatest sorrow after Gethsemane and caused me more pain than other wounds! They are reviving again. Many crown me with thorns and sleep, while I experience constant Gethsemani because of human perversity. The human conscience has been lost, I find no desire even in those who claim to belong to Me, as they easily fall asleep, allowing the enemy to seize their will and leading them to drag their feet on the ground. Humanity continues unhindered, minds are engrossed in festivities, what is confusion, friendly gatherings; my birth is actually used as an excuse to unleash torment. You are preparing to celebrate the change of the calendar, and does a person know very well what he will be celebrating? Foolish and arrogant, many do not bow their hearts before my persistent requests and the requests of my Mother. Even the order of my calls is questioned, I am the master of time. Blind and deaf are those who refuse to declare my Justice before my people, the one I dispense over the same human freedom. I am not a punishing God, I am a Just God. How many feel called by Me, and refuse My call for a second of perdition! My Mother pleaded with you, her children: for conversion, reparation and consecration, and my Mother's heart is the land that flows with milk and honey. She is the vineyard that does not dry up, She is the best vineyard, She is the Queen of all creation, She is the one who clothed me as a child. My Mother, to whom I entrusted my Church, is despised. I entrusted my Church to her to guide it, as a ship sinking in a storm is kept afloat by a sail. That sail is my Mother. Since she is despised, rejected, and her cries are unheard.... how will the boat remain without a sail in the midst of the storm? my Mother has taken me by the hand, and in this way she wishes to guide my children, but they resist her and are disobedient to her, forgetting that my ways are difficult, that I can be understood when one overrules the senses and opens the heart. At this moment, in which I have showered my people with calls, I find myself with a small number of praying souls, witnesses to my commitment. They are the ones who will testify to my calls and to human disobedience that has overstepped its own bounds. Pray, pray..., not just with prayer, but with commitment to me, with commitment to those most in need and with the practice of my Commandments. Pray for Japan, she is bringing new pain. Pray for Brazil, she will lament. Pray for Central America. Beloved children, human contempt strengthens the soul, do not be afraid. Be strong in faith and firm in speech. At this time I do not expect any other attitude from My people. The bearer of My Love will be sacrificed by the evil of the tentacles of the antichrist, which have grown over mankind, who, being ignorant, takes away the truth of creation. My Love is not closed, my Love is not silenced, I will continue to give my Word with my faithful messengers, and my prophet will continue my truth, driving away the deceivers and bringing the humble of heart. The earth shall shake, and my Blessing shall descend from the firmament. Do not fear, do not be afraid. The stars not only shine, they are a blessing to man. My beloved ones, at this moment when souls are experiencing spiritual rapture, you are perceptive to me or to evil. Children, do not be sluggish in spirit, be permeable to my word, enter into me and know the heralds of Divine Love. Do not let yourselves be led falsely, remain attentive. Mankind will be purified and will lament in order to triumph after the Tribulation has passed. I am waiting for you, as if you are coming to me for the first time. Do not be afraid to approach, I am waiting for you. My peace be in each of you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 19 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, receive my love: as water flows through its trough seeking a place where it can spill over, so my children within seek what they do not find in the world and feel empty.... Man disregarded and rejected my requests, closed his senses, did not seek a life of health and sanity in accordance with the inheritance I gave him. The human mind has served to progress in all areas, but this progress has been selfish and insane, changing what the Father's Hand created. People do not believe in my calls.... They deny the existence of a place where those who lived indulged in debauchery without remorse.... They deny the existence of Purgatory, which you think is on Earth, but it is not.... ... They deny the Apocalypse, which has not yet been fulfilled ... Purity is in few souls, music calls the enemy of the soul, the means of diversion are real traps that train the sense and penetrate deeply, inviting man to act in absolute savagery, without morals and feelings. Woman, completely degraded by her own complacency, has become an object, not a subject, not a creation; the indecent clothing of woman has reduced her to this, to an object. Abortion runs through nations like the wind; these deaths will fall on humanity, which has contemplated these acts without any rebellion. Men, insatiable in their instincts, keep their senses in the flesh, becoming the object of seeking excessive pleasure, indecent and immoral. At this time, men swap women without any shame, indulging in several women without any obligation or morality. The times when Sodom and Gomorrah were exterminated are not superior to today's man who has crossed the chalice. My consecrated people do not preach with due force, I am received by my creatures who are almost naked, and those who are mine allow and agree, forgetting that I am king. I don't want a rebellious people, I want a people who love and respect me. I don't want temples crowded with people without consciousness, but with true believers who seek me because they love and need me. I want my priests to preach admonishing strongly, denouncing sin, corruption and demanding change from their communities in all aspects. It's not happening, it's not happening! ... Man is not reacting, and creation is reacting against man, who has transgressed my laws. The earth will be transformed and renewed, events will increase. Man will be purified and tested in its entirety, until the conscience makes this overarching change, which runs in man through the physical and reaches the spirit, where the level of consciousness and consciousness is heightened and more spiritual. Pray, children, for Japan. Pray for New Zealand. Pray for the United States. I desire hearts thirsting for truth and sincerity. I desire people of conscience who respect me. You who continue to fight against what is worldly, be true witnesses of My presence on earth, be the seed that sprouts, be the voices that proclaim My word: I love all My children, I do not hold and chain, rather I seek the love of those who are Mine in the midst of freedom. Come without delay, listen to my calls. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 23 2012 - Jesus Christ
My beloved, fearful man wanders the earth.... my Mother is on a pilgrimage in search of those who are hers to bring them to me, and I am searching from moment to moment for those lost sheep who are the delight and rapture of my Heart. Mankind has become lost in its desire to know these coming and foretold moments. Beloved ones, I remain attentive to each one of you, and you prevent Me from loving you. A comet will come and shake the Earth. The purification will not give respite, the Earth will be shaken again.... but I, attentive to all, will not abandon my faithful, I call them to repentance. Mankind is in a poor and deplorable state; you read my calls and, without seeking their essence, you call them apocalyptic, without enjoying my Love, which warns you and tells you: 'children, repent; I am waiting for you, do not wait until the end, be humble of heart and see how the denial of the truth makes you not accept the signs, which are clearer and more severe each time. Children: you reject what is revelation, and thus deny the reality in which you live, incapable of discernment in the face of signs that are by no means universal. What my Mother foretold to you will be fulfilled. The predictions of war, terrorism and the slaughter of innocents will continue because of human denial. The Middle East, plunged into internal and external wars, will not cease until the antichrist comes. My Church will be divided, will be purified and then renewed. Help will come from Heaven itself for all my faithful. This chaos in the thoughts and hearts of those who are Mine has made this moment more chaotic, because the more humanity denies this moment, the more it will suffer at its own hand. I am the good shepherd and you are My sheepfold. The moment calls, my calls are urgent. Pray for Japan, she will weep. Pray for Mexico, it will lament. Pray for Australia, it will lament. The revelation of personal defects is imminent, and each person will be amazed at his way of life and his response as my child. Children: do not continue to wander in the wilderness of what is worldly..., be truthful to yourselves, so that the ignorance of the hard-hearted will be surpassed by the truth and humility of one who, knowing Me, knows that I am the way and the life. I am Truth and Infinite Love. Do not be afraid, walk in righteousness. Do not be afraid, I do not leave you alone'. With the innocence that radiated from my Heart as I looked at my Mother from the manger, with the same innocence look at me and come to me, asking what is necessary. Unite on this Christmas Day at midnight and place your Sacramentals next to the prayer born from the depths of your being. The moment will come when you will all walk as true brothers and sisters, you are all children of the same Father and you will be my people and I will be your God. Come to Me, know what My Mother has announced to you. I bless you, have My peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 24 2012 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my Love nestles in the heart of man, being the source of goodness. Everything in my Will is for the happiness of my children. I love you with a firmament lined with all the heavenly bodies, showing their colorful arrangement and form, which exist only because of my divinity. Man has embraced the field of understanding with wisdom and intelligence, and this was good until knowledge exceeded the laws of my Love and humanity, and what was good, man turned into evil, wanting to be better than the rest of humanity. Evil imprisoned hearts, clouded minds, disturbed thoughts and humanity went astray, turning away from Me. My will is that all people be saved by their own will. I urge you, I warn you, I urge you.... but part of man's mind is eventually overtaken by evil, because man allows it, bending his thoughts to what is not My Will. This makes the road to Me rougher and steeper. People live in a struggle with themselves, and this is because they do not accept life other than ordinary everyday life. I love my people, I love all my creatures. And at this moment, my Heart aches over so much cruelty of man against man himself, the struggle of the powerful against the defenseless, the struggle because of religious beliefs and domination of nations. My heart aches for the governors who whip their own people to cause chaos against other nations. My children must be aware of this and should not continue fighting among themselves. You are called upon to be aware at this time that you are My children and what you possess as such, and you must not retreat like those who are unaware. Be careful that you do not fall into discouragement, because the scale remains before each of you. Your works and your deeds must be of eternal life, in spirit and truth. Time is not time, sinful deeds have accumulated the fallout of that which returns to man himself, giving birth, among other things, to events and deeds contrary to life itself. Be aware that my birth continues to be a blessing, and I call each of you to be my manger, my Tabernacle, to nourish you continually at every moment. Do not lose spirit, no matter how violent events may be. Faith grows when the child remains in My Will. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 30 2012 - Jesus Christ
My people, my beloved people, you dwell in my Heart, I exclude none of those who are mine, it is you who turn away from me. You have lived a landmark moment, you have taken material measures, not realizing that when My hand descends upon mankind, what is material will not be able to save man. My Spirit is grieved by a man who does not immerse himself in the spiritual, but worries about saving his physical body and the material. What is a man without a conscience? He is the one who is dominated by all forms of devilish cravings that keep him distant from Me. My House has called intensely on humanity, but humanity has not responded. It sees the events described as very distant because of this blindness that does not allow them to feel reality, this blindness is a limitation that evil has placed for you to obscure and darken the will of my people. Do not trust the one who tells you: 'everything has already passed, these prophecies will not take place', on the contrary, my Word says: 'the prophecies will be fulfilled in this generation, which has surpassed the evil and overtaken the previous generations'. The earth will purify itself, renew itself, and with this, man will suffer the consequences. Fire will flow from its bowels, great cities will be isolated, and my children will suffer. Do not usurp and suppress nature by provoking it. Man will not find a way to stop her when he has caused her awakening. Polluted waters will not be a blessing, but a lament for the misuse of misused science. Humanity will be like a river without a trough in the face of economic collapse and alarming famine. You have not taken seriously the overtones of this moment, in which humanity must decide to rise spiritually or stagnate in the clutches of evil. You children, to you I say: don't feel as if I don't see you, don't hear you, as if I don't live, beating within each of you.... even if you do not want me. These are the moments when those who are Mine are tested in their weaknesses, so that they fall, evil knows the weaknesses of man. In the midst of this blessing that closely unites you to My House, a blessing that has not been given to any other generation, the spiritual battle against My children is intensifying strongly, for evil desires the destruction of souls. Children, My people, I remain before you. To overcome temptations is to truly love Me and truly love yourself. If you love yourselves and constantly recognize that you are a land fertile and blessed by Me, you will earnestly fight for your salvation. He who constantly gives in to Me suffers greatly, seeing himself defeated, because he has despised Me. For one who gives himself to Me and My Mother, defeat does not exist, but trials prevail because of love for Me. A person will not be tested beyond his strength or beyond what he can voluntarily reject. The pain I carry in my Heart is caused by those who know me deeply and immerse themselves in sin, setting aside their conscience. My children, do not think about tomorrow, give yourself to Me at this moment, do not fall into sin. A moment is not a moment, and it can come upon you when you do not expect it, and you stand before you, seeing the rags you are dragging behind you because of the misused will that has come over you. Darkness will come upon everyone; it will be overcome by the light of the soul in grace. Pray for the United States, they will weep. Pray for Japan, it will suffer, and humanity will suffer with it. Pray for Ecuador, it will suffer. The sun will be a cause of concern for humanity. Your guardians are helping you constantly, they only need your willingness and disposition to act in depth and guide you. You are not alone, my Mother commands my Church, she is full of grace, she is the Woman clothed with the sun who exalts my people. See on high, I will make my Blessing descend quickly. My people are my people, and I am their God. You will be purified so that you can enter the land of blessing, but you will not be defeated, you are my children, and I rule Heaven and Earth. Do not forget Me, I am waiting for you in the Tabernacle. I desire new people in difficult times of trial, I desire renewed children who are aware of what they have as my children, who have a will and are devoted to my cause, who desire to awaken those who are asleep, those who are ignorant and those who are fools. I desire children who give themselves and take up my Cross for the Salvation of souls. Receive my merciful blessing. Receive me, I remain before you as a beggar of love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.
