January 02 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must be ready to change, but in order to be transformed, you must remain ready for the necessary change, transformation to take place. This generation does not listen to my requests, does not listen to my entreaties, moreover, it does not know what transformation is, it does not know what readiness is, it does not know fidelity, it does not know how to let itself be led.... I love you, my Son gave you to me, and you are still so far from me. If you open yourselves to change, if you allow yourselves to transform internally and turn away from all that hinders you from rising spiritually, I, as Mother, will fight for each of you against evil, against the dragon, against the antichrist, against the devil. But you do not know me as Mother, you do not recognize me as such. You remain so far from my Heart and from my calls! There will be great trials, I have explained this to you thoroughly, and yet you, knowing that great sorrows are coming for everyone, continue with all worldly activities and do not enter the true spiritual path. Great misfortunes are approaching the earth, and they have all been caused by the great sin of man. When these misfortunes reach you, you will turn your eyes to me, you will remember my calls and the calls of my Son, but you will have to plead doubly, because you have previously despised our calls. My Son is infinitely merciful, and you are infinitely stubborn. How many times have I begged you to realize the degree of sin in which you live, and still you do not listen! There will come a time when you will remember these words and some of you will gain awareness, but others will not, and with great sadness in my heart I must tell you that they will be lost. I need you to soften your hearts, soften your senses and leave behind this spiritual hardness, because by staying away from my Son, everything spiritual in you has hardened and without conscience you are pushing it away from your life. Beloved children, pray for England, there will be an event that will move the world. Pray for Japan, it will weep and lament anew. Pray for the United States, they will suffer. At this time I encourage you to pray for each other, prayer is not just offering the prayers you already know, prayer is action and your work towards your brothers and sisters. I have allowed my Son to instruct me. Being His Mother, I was His disciple; being His Mother, I loved that He instructed me, so that I myself could understand that, more than my Son, He is God-Man and must do the Father's will. What I didn't understand, I kept in my heart and kept silent, but I was never an obstacle to Him. I abided by His side and obeyed the Father's Will, but you do not follow God's commands, and this will bring great grief to all mankind. Remain vigilant, look up: 'great signs will descend for you'. You have despised Divine Love and He is coming to seek you again in His Second Coming, but before that you will see your inner self. For some, it will be so difficult and so frightening, knowing that they have lived with sin every day! ... listen to my calls, be a blessing to your brothers and sisters, be a blessing to the earth, attract a blessing to the earth and do not abide immersed in what is worldly. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you constantly, my Heart remains open to you, like the Tabernacle, waiting for you to turn to me. Do not forget that my Son does not punish, that it is man who brings pain to himself and to the earth that you cannot even imagine. You who listen attentively to my words, I implore you, continue to be the lights that enlighten those who live in darkness. I bless you. Stay on the right path, fulfilling the two great Commandments, summing them all up: love God above all things and your neighbor as yourself. Blessings from on high be upon each of you and all that you possess. Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 07 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children, humanity is moving in reluctant silence towards love, towards peace, towards my Son and towards all that is spiritual. This generation does not listen to orders and does not want to obey, but wants to abide in its free will. My Son has given this generation so many opportunities, and you do not know how to respond to them. Man's heart, filled with everything worldly, all the hustle and bustle of coming and going, can no longer bear to consciously remember my Son's absence. Man is aware that he lives at a distance from my Son and from His Law, and this distance, which has become voluntary, pleases man. How much mercy despised! How many invocations invalidated! How much love abandoned to the side! My Son speaks to man constantly: in the air, in the sun, in nature, in every little detail that you, my children, have stopped noticing. He speaks to you in the gesture of a brother or sister, in the loving smile of your neighbor, in a cloud, in a flower, in water, and in what is unknown to you: silence. The hustle and bustle is so great that it undermines a person's thoughts and mind and has led him to fall, hardening his heart. That is why my Son speaks to you in silence, and you do not know how to hear Him, because you do not know silence. So much is going on over this generation, which God's Will and my Love have been informing you of endlessly! But it doesn't seem to matter much to humanity, because you continue to live a life so distant from my Son and so immersed in your own selfishness that you can neither hear, nor see, nor feel, nor touch. You are only able to recognize what is immediate, what is worldly. Beloved children, life does not consist only of this.... is not just passing through the world for the sake of passing through... the life of each of you has a great Divine Purpose, it is a Divine Gift.... But you have departed from this, a balancing act is going on, the duty you have as children from on high is to be fully aware of this and willing to meet the One who offered His life for the Salvation of mankind. Love my Son in spirit and in truth. Become aware that you are living Tabernacles, so that this Mother will stop seeing Tabernacles that are neglected, unrecognized, forged by hands in which sin abounds. It is in these Tabernacles that the Holy Spirit constantly grieves and waits at the door, unable to enter. Thanks to these calls, some people converted, finding God's Purpose, God's love, and decided to transform their lives. With sadness, I saw another face of human reality: these calls cause anger in some of my children, because they do not want to follow the right path and attack this Divine Word so that it is not spread, because they think that in this way they will be able to overshadow the Divine Work. My children: this is not so. Man cannot stop what has been decreed in Heaven for mankind. I continue my pilgrimage, supporting you as Mother, as sister and as friend.... I have called you not to wander and not to get lost. I am searching for you assiduously, and I am confronted with a cruel reality: my children avoid me, so that I cannot find them. Poor decadent humanity! They have taken other paths than those of my Son, because He asks you to enter and find the truth, the light and your King. Some of my priests sometimes prefer not to confront people in order to continue to be accepted by society, forgetting that those who act wrongly will perish, and those who act in truth will remain. The Earth will move at such a high speed that its orbit will not be its orbit, nor will its axis be its axis. It will be so far from the sun that it will plunge into darkness for days, and pain and lamentation will be heard outside and in the depths of the earth. My beloved ones: return to the road, be human, be reasonable, be merciful, be obedient, love yourselves and your brothers and sisters, pray with sincere prayer. Pray with deeds and work. How many millions of human beings, your brothers and sisters, are dying of hunger, and so many are dying at the hands of their own brothers and sisters, men and women! War is a way for man to betray his most basic ambitions. War will never be the end, the only end is the love of my Son and His giving of Himself for you. Science without God will not be able to give man anything spiritual, and on the contrary, the misused science found in these times will be the cause of the doom of most of mankind. This misused science will reach such a level that the few who remain on earth will feel that they are alone on earth. The thirst for power is so great that the powerful are turning to war as a last resort to exterminate that which does not suit them. Wake up children, don't continue to be ignorant, wake up! They have plunged you into a certain reality, and my Son and I are constantly calling you to wake up to the true reality. Heaven is using every means to keep you from being lost. Beloved ones, you do not have to be Heaven's instruments to use reason and see clearly the reality that you do not want to face. The House of My Son has chosen its instruments, and some in particular, to be the voice of alarm, the trumpet that awakens with its sound those who sleep in deep lethargy. Do not continue to lie to yourselves, do not accept what has no acceptance, do not hide what cannot be hidden, do not call good what is evil, do not put on masks of false appearances to accommodate the error, falsehood, lies and hypocrisy in which most of my children live at this time. My beloved ones: do not deceive yourselves, see the reality of this generation, see the youth as they lose themselves at every moment, as they plunge into a world that is not real, as they have locked themselves in vices of all kinds. Wake up, children, wake up, don't wait any longer! The events that you know well and that have been foretold will become present on earth and among people. I will remain with you as a faithful Mother, as a faithful lover of her children and protector of my Son's people; I will remain unmoved. With open hands I await rescue for you, only this rescue you must desire voluntarily, for my Son is gift, love and truth. I am waiting for you, my Heart is the temple of the Holy Spirit and in Him I am waiting for you, as a teacher I will lead you to meet my Son. My beloved ones, do not try to avoid your duties. I am waiting for you as Mother and teacher to guide you. My Son comes for His own, He does not wait. You remain in my maternal heart. Receive my Blessing. Be vigilant with your lamps filled with oil, so that the fire will not go out. Call upon me quickly. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 09 2013 - Jesus Christ
My people, my beloved people, I come for you, for those who will give me the gold of the human will, the frankincense of faith and the myrrh of willingness and disposition. The winds are blowing strongly throughout the globe, and my children will come under their influence. The winds of war will be heard with greater force among people and nations. You have not lived in complete peace; in these moments the uncertainty of war will be everywhere. Rebellions in the nations will cause havoc. My beloved ones, my people, my faithful: do not fear that you are few, for in me each of you will be infinitely multiplied, I only need the disposition to allow me to act and work in you. I love you, I am Infinite Mercy, I am Infinite Forgiveness, and you are my children for whom I am waiting from moment to moment to love you, bless you and forgive you. I will come in my Second Coming, I will come with my power, my glory and my majesty, but before that I will send signs from on high that will descend to earth without delay, and for that I desire the disposition of my people, the disposition of your mind, your thoughts and your heart. How many miracles have been negated! How much wisdom have you denied yourselves because you have closed your minds to me! You seek justification for what I send, you abandon Me and deny My power and My Omnipotence. You are not in those centuries in which you thought the world was flat. At this moment the transformation of my children will take place. What is unknown will be revealed and those who did not believe will see with horror, and those who are open to my will will find fullness. These are the winds of change, of spiritual ascent, of rebirth in my Holy Spirit, of encountering my truth, the truth that you have hidden. My people, for you I come, for you I draw near, for you I continually give myself to you. For you, My people, I have continually poured out My Mercy and delayed My coming, but in view of man's unwitting sin, the moment has come when events will be fulfilled and what has been foretold will reach you. I need not children frightened, but children with love, ready to surrender and sacrifice, to give themselves. Something very important in a human being is truth, acting in truth, working in truth, speaking the truth, because lying is denying Me and denying yourself, it is preventing Me from germinating in you, it is giving yourself to the dark side, and my children tend to deny themselves the truth, their truth. I am the truth, I am the way, I am the light, and each of you, as a reflection of my Love, is obliged to live with the truth before you. Unite, unity is very important at this time, this is the wall that nothing can break, this is the wall that cannot be broken. By thinking in unity, working in unity and acting in unity with the truth as your banner, you will achieve the fulfillment of my commands and that my people will be able to overcome everything that comes, to repel any attack, no matter how strong. I have given my mother my Church to guide you as a faithful disciple in those moments when the doors of revelation open. The hand of the enemy will fall on one of my beloved prophets. The enemy's hand will believe that it has defeated its God, but this cannot be, because the strength, commitment, love and blood of this my beloved prophet will bear abundant fruit, and when the enemies see that his preaching has come true, how sorry they will be that they attacked him! Persecution will arise against my prophets, and the unity of my Church will be the shield that will defend and protect them. But without omitting details, this Christ, without abandoning His Church, remains with you and in you, and my Mother will guide you along the right path. Do not be afraid, She will crush the head of the venomous and deceitful serpent. Therefore, I ask you to be truthful in your every act and commitment.... in these moments I do not want lukewarm children, you must be true, giving yourselves without thinking about yourselves, giving yourselves without question, giving yourselves only to me and my Mother, for we will do the rest. Each of you remains with the shield of Divine Love that protects you. There will come those strong and heavy moments, which have already been foretold, in which you will deny Me present and living in the Eucharist, moments in which My Churches will be closed, but you have forgotten that each of you is the Tabernacle of My Love, you are the temple of My Holy Spirit. Those who try to deny my revelations will find so much darkness within themselves that they will not be able to deny my light. Carrying my banner will help you with the truth on your lips, not yet, but when you are in moments of great purification. I will not stop giving my word even when there is no technology, even then I will make my Word reach through my prophet to continue to lead my faithful people. Those who wait for this hour live completely immersed in their own deception. I come without warning, soon, I come for those who have taken the path of truth, faith, love, understanding. I am coming for those who have a pure and sincere heart. I will spit the lukewarm out of my mouth with great sadness, but this is a moment in time. I am coming soon, I am coming for my people. The earth will roar loudly, great volcanoes will become active, and man will not remember me. This is the moment of My Holy Spirit, so that you become more and more united with Me and with My truth.... and instead you despise Me with great ease. You deny My Mother's calls because the scholars do not want them to be spoken, and My Mother brings the truth to My people. But you will not silence Me, neither the ruler, nor the learned, nor the highly placed, nor the economically powerful, nor the owner of the great television networks. Nothing and no one will silence me, for I am the master of all things, and my Word will guide my people, will lift them up at a time when my Church seems to be sinking. I remain here with my people, before my people. You will not be alone, you are not alone. I, your Christ, gave myself for you; for you I gave my body, my blood and my divinity, so that you may be one with me. If you call upon me, I am coming; wait no longer, give yourselves, be obedient and patient, and do not forget that in these moments the truth goes before my true children. My people, your Christ blesses you, your Christ loves you, your Christ sustains you. I bless you, remain in my peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 14 2013 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my people, I bless you every moment with the strength of my Love, which encourages you to persevere without ceasing, deserving to be called true Christians. I do not need empty words, but children who want to live and practice My Commandments. I do not take you to a distant time, but to the present moment in which you live, where the gifts you possess, because you are a divine creation, have been reduced in the face of the spiritual poverty into which humanity is falling, plunging into the depths of occultism and the perverse desires of Satan, who is preparing the appearance of the antichrist. My children have not listened to my pleas, and the world powers that feed on evil have penetrated deeply, placing their wickedness, their hypocrisy, their haughtiness and their pride in the strongest and most sensitive fibers of humanity, so that involuntarily they are not invalidated, but on the contrary, they feed pride. To you, my beloved ones, it is to you that I speak, to those who remain united with me, I speak to you so that you do not allow pride to take possession of your being, to bend you, and without your consciousness you consider yourselves superior to your brothers and sisters and inertly feed what does not belong to you and should not remain in my true children: the enlarged 'human ego.' No one is worthy of me until he proves it in the test, in the crucible. False Christians will be exposed before the trials that lie ahead. Uncertainty awaits those who do not live with full commitment and availability to my Love and to my Truth. These are not moments of timidity or false hopes, but of awareness before the burden that humanity has achieved. You are surprised when I tell you that you have transcended the sin of Sodom and Gomorrah, but you immediately forget this and return to meanness, plunging into the mud of hopelessness and the worldly. Man retains hidden emotions, possesses the mind, body and spirit that make up this unique essence of each of you, which I love and which is extremely important to me. Indeed, you possess that which allows you to enter into connection with My House, or Spirit. My children do not give due importance to the spirit and look at it with indifference. They don't think about the fact that they have a soul and have a spirit, they don't know this because they don't preach it to you with more emphasis and clarity, so that you become aware and concerned about the state of your soul and your spirit. You act unconsciously, without stopping to see what is the essence of the act you are performing. In this way, life becomes a mechanical element. You cannot act in this worldly way, rather every act and every work should bear the seal of my Love, so that it will multiply and not dissipate or be lost. I come in search of my true children, who not only adore me in the Eucharist or at the moment they are in front of me in the Tabernacle, but at the same time I need children who live constantly in adoration, seeing me all around them. There are many who say they adore Me, but few do so in spirit and truth, that is: conscious of each act so that it is carried out with My Love. The moment is less immediate. Before my Mother's and my announcements to humanity are so close, I call you to conversion, to embrace my Love for all and to be, each of you, a disciple of the last moments, penetrating deeply into your brothers and sisters and serving me directly. What I have announced to you will be fulfilled without delay. I explained My Word to you in various ways, but your hearts were not moved. You live by feeding on all creation and respond to it by ravaging it in various ways. The sun that enlightens you has become more dangerous to man in the face of human indifference to My affairs. You have not understood that all creation lives in My harmony, and only man rebels against his King. My beloved ones, soon the sun will cause pain to all mankind, I warned you about the great volcanoes and I warn you again, the seas will be unrelenting. Do not scoff at events that will not happen, but take advantage of these moments to direct your work and actions towards a radical change in which you will unite with me. I will allow my servants to get even closer to the people, signs will multiply without interruption, and man will be called upon with severity. Be courageous, firm and devoted, and at the same time be prudent, so that the path will not be strewn with thorns. Beloved ones: pray for England. Pray for Japan. There are too many idols... The truth is one: my Word has been fulfilled.... I am the Alpha and the Omega. I bless you; my Love remains in you. I protect you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 16 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I bless your feelings, I bless your senses, I bless your existence in a very special way at this moment in which the events that are unfolding around humanity will make man lament greatly. There is something that man puts aside, too much aside, and that is that you are already experiencing acutely these events in the flesh, in your being. Satan has sent his demons to tempt all of humanity, because he wants to humiliate and discredit my children, my faithful, my followers. He is afraid of my faithful and is putting them to the test, and they will be severely tested in all aspects. The idols must fall and must disappear, vain pursuits must disappear from the mind and thoughts of my beloved children, my faithful, those who love me in truth, those who have dedicated their lives to me. Man has so many useless aspirations, even knowing all that will happen! You keep your material possessions in your heart, and they will be of no use before my Son? They will be of no use, they will only serve to increase Satan's spoils. In this you are already being tested by the evil one, who has set himself the goal of defeating and bringing about the downfall of those who belong to my Marian groups, scourging them greatly, and it is my duty as Mother to announce this to you again so that you will be prepared. Do not allow Satan to penetrate your minds and hearts. The Word of my Son is life and it is life in abundance, it is crystal water that refreshes in moments of desert. In moments of doubt, it is a balm that leads you not to fall, but to rise, like a plant that is strengthened through water, grows and becomes strong and bears fruit. So I desire your abundant fruits. To bear witness to your love for my Son and for me is not only to pray, not only to participate in the Eucharist, but to live it constantly and to put into practice the word of God, the very word of my Son, which works in every moment so that you put it above your interests, above your desires, above your aspirations and above your pretensions. What, what do you lament, what do you worry about, if the future is the future, and the future is the moment, and the moment is the moment? What are you worrying about, if everything is in the hands of my Son? No, beloved, my faithful children are not like that. My faithful children trust in the word of my Son, in my persistent exhortations to keep, above all, your mind, your thoughts and your heart united to my Son and His Will, being constantly a reflection of this. What are you waiting for if the coming tribulation has already been announced to you? Man's plans will remain plans, vain projects ... in contrast, you must forge paths in the Spirit, rise above yourselves and above your interests. My children have no factions, my children have no interests, my children have nothing worldly, my children have love for my Son, my devotion and my silence. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, you have not yet learned to look at your brothers and sisters, seeing my Son in them. If you did, you would not waste your time or the gift of speech on trivial and worldly matters proper to those who do not know my Son and do not know me. Urgent is the unity of all those who love my Son.... urgent is the unity of all those who call themselves Marian.... it is urgent that you follow with responsibility this call to form 'one fold under one banner and under the command of one King'... receive all your brothers and sisters, all of you; bear witness to my Love and my devotion, bear witness to my humility, that even being the Mother of Jesus, He said: 'who is my Mother and who are my brothers?' So receive with love those who approach you. My Son did not come for the righteous, He came for sinners. Therefore, receive all who approach you with love, with mercy, with tenderness, and above all with humility. My beloved ones: belonging to any Catholic group, prayer group or Christian group does not give you the right to take a privileged place next to My Son, on the contrary: 'from him to whom more is given, more is demanded', and this is a great and strong obligation for each of you. My Heart burns with love for a faithful people, and at the same time bleeds with pain when I see that those who have consecrated themselves to me behave like hypocrites, like those Pharisees who knew many words and put absolutely nothing into practice. This is a moment of practice, so that you will allow the Holy Spirit to fill you with His gifts and thus be children who practice the word 'in spirit and in truth'. My Son is approaching, He is closer to you every moment. Great manifestations precede and follow before Him, before which you must be like children: 'Let the children come to Me,' says my Son. You must have the heart of a child and the mind of a child in order to see with the eyes of love every plan that my Son will set before you. Everything is said in the Holy Scriptures. It is true, but my Son never abandons His people, and even more so in this third Fiat of sanctification, in which the people will be tested and perfected more than ever. In this way, in this way, I will lovingly bring you the Word of God, the word of this Mother who cares for her children. Do not spare your spiritual efforts. What is the value of having material things if you are going to lose eternal life? Strive at once with all your being, with all your strength, give everything you have, for a moment is only a moment. My eyes, while blessing you, also shed tears, seeing that those who call themselves Mary's are acting like 'whitewashed tombs.' No, children, this is not the way of My beloved children, this is the way of the enemy who pervades your thoughts to distort you. Be shrewd, look where the rest cannot see, so that you may be prepared before the tricks of evil. My beloveds, pray, for France will be severely wounded. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for the United States, for they will cry very much. Man lives not only from physical bread, but from that spiritual bread that gives eternal life, and this must be your goal: fighting to remain in grace, fighting to live, being a holy remnant, being a mirror of the work and conduct of my Son, and being servants of your brothers and sisters, as I have been, servants of all, lifting up the Church: the mystical body, not drowning it; loving one another to unite and strengthen the wall, so that in no case will it be defeated or distorted. Satan is crafty and has set as his goal the overthrow of those who are Mine. I remain before you, My hands and My Love remain open, just take My hand, ask Me to preserve and guard you in My motherly heart, so that neither the devil nor anything else touches you. Unite and be one, create one barrier of love, humility, mercy, forgiveness, understanding and annihilate yourselves, annihilate the 'human ego', because when it is lifted, it causes damage in you. Be merciful, as my Son is Mercy, and let each of you be the Tabernacle in which my Son dwells with dignity. May the peace of my Son be in you and in all those who read and listen to this word of mine. I bless you and bless what is yours, and once again the seal of my maternal heart be with those who hear and read this word and put it into practice. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 21 2013 - Mother of God
My beloved people, my children, with so much pride you despise my calls! The fact that you reject my constant calls and the calls of my Son causes me so much pain! I see you..., I seek you.... and I pilgrimage from heart to heart in search of you. It pains me when I do not find the answer, that answer I desire to find in each of my children. How humanly you wait for tomorrow! ... and you know very well that tomorrow is in the hands of my Son and you only have to wait for His Will. Each of you is like a rose, and a rose without the love of my Son weakens and dies, without constant watering of it every day with faith, Eucharist and love of my Son, the rose withers and dies. You, on the contrary, must be a rose constantly watered to remain alive. A rose watered with commitment, love, faith and forgiveness, but most of all with readiness for what my Son wants from you, even if you don't understand it. Everything has a purpose, and my Son's purpose is the Father's great project, which is for you to continue to be His children. Therefore, do not be taken in by the enemy of the soul, who persistently persecutes man, who in these times is constantly attacked by ideologies contrary to the truth of my Son. It is with such great pain that I look at what is approaching humanity! I cannot, as a Mother, speak to my children about a moment that is not a reality. You know well, because I have announced it to you, that great tribulations await you, which are already hanging over humanity. My voice will not falter at any moment, even if those who do not believe scoff at my calls and at you. Remain faithful, do not worry about human considerations, they ignore the Will of my Son. A great volcano will bring pain to a great people beloved by me, great earthquakes are coming, they are close to the surface of the earth, they are only sleeping, soon they will wake up. The heat, the sun is approaching you and will cause sorrow, you will understand that what you called science is not science, because only in my Son is there true power and science. How you struggle to maintain your place in society, even in the Church itself! Being false, not truly loving my Son, you want to keep up appearances. My children are not like that, my children are transparent and true, they are children of silence, they are children of love and devotion, they are children of purification. Beloved children of my Heart, my beloved faithful: pray for Chile, my beloved nation. Pray for Italy, they will be shaken. Pray for yourselves. Do not despair, I remain before you, I love you as I have always loved you, as when I received you at the foot of the Cross; my Heart loves you as it did at the beginning. Keep the peace, do not lose it, for by losing it, the enemy gains ground in you. I am before you, let me love you.... remain in my Heart, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 23 2013 - Jesus Christ
My people, my beloved people, for generations I have sought you. From generation to generation I have sought my faithful people.... I have found only a sacred remnant on which I hold my Word for all mankind. In the midst of contempt and loneliness, in the midst of pain and weeping, my Word will endure until I return ultimately to separate the wheat from the chaff. How great is the love on my part for this sinful, foolish and disobedient generation! So disobedient that it pretends to want to approach me not out of love, but to reach my Omnipotence in order to create what is only the power of my divinity. You have wounded my Heart so much that it has bled because of my children's contempt for the gift of life! How many innocent children are groaning because of abortion! How much love I store in my Heart and how much a person has to suffer because of it! Not because I am a punishing Father, but because man must purify himself and conform to my Love, to my commitment and be a copy of my divinity through his love for his neighbor. My beloved people, the earth is exhausted from enduring so many sins, the earth has become sick before the countless sins of man. Disobedience is cracking the earthly globe and deforming it, transforming the geography. How many things await my people! How much purification before my second coming! How much purification before you become worthy of the help of your brothers from Heaven! My beloved ones, you have polluted my creation completely, without measuring the pain and hunger you yourselves will cause.... how much mutilation at the root of the use of science! The war is born slowly, but it is advancing towards you, who live without noticing what is happening, as if every moment were a longer time. Not children... I need you to understand that time is not time, that a moment is no longer a moment, and that you will be purified like gold in a crucible. I know very well that I tell you a lot about this... but you don't understand because you have closed yourselves to My Love; I have called you so much to be masters in Love! I will give you the rest as an addition. You do not understand, because you have a heart of stone, in which everything worldly has become master. But do you forget that behind the worldly is the devil and his followers? How you constantly fall into the clutches of sin, of what is wrong! ... And you are hurting me. How you have forgotten me, how I lament before the pain that people inflict on me, from moment to moment! My Mercy remains and will remain with the one who seeks Me with a contrite and humbled heart, with a decision to change and transform, to obey and persevere. My Mercy does not spare the search for my people, so much so that in order to ease the way in times of trouble, I will send my Word to the whole world, I will send my Word continuously and no one will stop it. I need victorious people, people who are heroes, who do not fear in the face of adversity. I need people who are heroes with consciences expanded and open to what has been hidden and forgotten until now, because you cannot call yourselves my children if you do not love me in spirit and truth. I give myself to you, each of you is my Tabernacle.... and in which Tabernacle do I dwell? I dwell in that which is pure and which is willing to listen to Me, to be transformed. Beloved, I know very well that the worldly is persecuting you everywhere, but this does not prevent you from giving yourselves to Me. I desire no more excuses on your part. My holy remnant, enough excuses - there is no time, a moment is worth its weight in gold, and the gold of my Love has no price. My beloved people, pray for one another. Pray for the institution of My Church, which will be greatly purified. Pray for those who close the doors of My Temples, so that My children will not be with Me. But they have forgotten that I dwell in everyone, and he who desires it will continue to be My temple. My beloved people, I bless you, I bless every act you perform to proclaim My word, I bless every act you perform to share My calls with your brothers and sisters, so that they will not remain hidden from mankind. Each of these calls of mine carries my essence, moves hearts and transforms my children. My people, pray for the United States, they will suffer. Pray for Jamaica, she will weep. Pray for Mexico, it will suffer. My people, you do not need anything else but readiness toward Me, I will do the rest. You are My children and as children I will not abandon you and I will constantly protect you. From how many dangers I preserve you from moment to moment! These are the moments that mankind, believing mankind, the holy remnant, has been waiting for. For those who love Me, the signs will not wait: the earth will be inwardly shaken, and it will also shake because of causes coming from without; but do not fear, for the light of my Love remains with you. I carry you in my arms, you do not walk, but it is I who am for you, I walk in the midst of pain. I bless you, receive My Peace in the Name of My Father, in My Name and in the Name of My Holy Spirit. My Peace, My Heart and My Love be in you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 28 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I protect all who are ready to follow my call. I am the Mother of all humanity, I love all, I bless all, I protect all. I come to call you, as I have done so many times before, desiring you to abide in this call of mine, given by Divine Command. My Heart burns with maternal love for each of you, even for those who do not love Me or despise Me. These are the ones I seek the most and to them I turn most constantly at every moment. My hands remain in the prayer position as a sign to man, as a sign that you must remain united and united to the Will of the Holy Trinity. What a great lament I hear all over the earth! The lament of those souls who still lie in the mud, the lament of those who join the madness of what is worldly and sinful. You, my children, be those burning candles that guide the lost in the darkness of that long night from which you are unable to escape. My beloved ones, look to the Heavens, for this Mother of yours has laid down this mantle of Mine, so that you may not see the events from above as if they were meant for other creatures; no children, these are signs that my Son sends for you. In every age, Heaven has given signs so that mankind would be aware of how close the fulfillment of prophecies is. Like Noah announced the divine plans to the people, and they mocked him because they were not coming; the people fell asleep, not believing, and then seeing the fulfillment of prophecy, they lamented, not achieving Salvation. My Son is Mercy; I am the Mother of love, I am.... Immaculate Heart. But each of you must make an effort, be conscious, to reach merit and achieve it by your own effort, by your own sacrifice, by your own consciousness, by your own commitment, by your own will, and thus find the true way. My Son is Mercy, and His Mercy reaches His faithful, as it reaches from generation to generation. But His faithful must make an effort, because Heaven is reached with effort, with faith; it is not given, it is not given to one who does not deserve it. My beloved ones, pray! I persistently urge you to pray. The events are about to reach the earth, one by one.... without interruption; you will see their fulfillment before your eyes with pain in your hearts, but hearts of stone that will not soften until the last moment. My beloved ones, it is not too late to turn to my Son. Behold, I am before you. I give you my constant protection. Come to me, for I will lead you to my Son. I intercede for each of you, I do not distance myself from you. My Son does not leave you for a moment, turn to Him quickly, for a moment is not a moment. Do not scoff, as the world does, at the fact that you do not see the coming events. They have come and they will come, but those who do not want to see them will not see them even when they are in front of them. Pray, my children, for Canada, a great event will make it shake. Pray, my children, for Nicaragua, do not omit it from your prayers. Pray, my children, for South America, she will cry. Pray for Mexico, it will suffer. Turn constantly to my Son, and when you are in danger, call upon me, saying: 'Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived,' and I will come quickly. Behold, I am with you, I do not abandon you, I am your Mother who loves you. I do not abandon you, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 30 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved nation, I bless you, I bless you with My Love, My Forgiveness and at the same time My Justice. The world makes my Cross heavier each time, this Cross that I continue to carry for each of you. I come in search of those who want to help me, those who want to carry the Cross for me.... I come for my people, for those who are faithful, who engage in 'spirit and truth', who do not give in to temptations or to your brothers and sisters when they do not understand you.... I come again to call you with My Cross burdened with the daily sins of man.... I come again, I come to call you once more.... You read my summons and do not understand them, you still behave like infants, you still do not desire to rise to me. You pretend to imitate my walk, my deeds and works, but you do not follow my Commandments, you do not follow my teachings, and you are still torn between my Truth and what is worldly. How much more must I call upon you? With how many words must I call upon you? Behold, from my Cross, the one that is still present in every moment, I call upon you to live my calls in 'spirit and truth'. So many who call themselves my followers want to draw me to them with superfluous words that are not born from the heart; they forget that I seek the depths of the soul. Here before you, from My Cross, I ask you to love one another, to fight against one another, against the selfishness that causes Me so much pain. The enemy constantly persecutes you, and you still allow yourselves to be wrapped up in him. My Crown of Thorns tears my eye, the one who does not stop seeing you, who loves you, who blesses you, who seeks you.... so many calls, and you still persist like little children! At this time, my people must be strong, they must grow. My people must be united; this is how I gather those who are mine, from all corners of the earth, to form one battalion of love. You may be experts in so many human things, but if you are not experts in love, you can never be fully Mine. I am storing so many lessons of love for My people, which I will teach gradually. You do not know so much, My children, so much about My creation, you do not know so much about yourselves, but you are still not ready, even though you are at the end of this moment. The signs do not cease, but you do not see them. My Word does not end, it will never be exhausted, but for you it is nothing more than a passing word.... The earth is exhausted because of man's disobedience and My Heart aches because of it.... I have given you so much, and you still do not answer my call! I come for the souls, for those for whom I have given myself.... I come for the faithful souls, for those who truly love me.... The great battle against evil begins, the deceiver is approaching, and in this spiritual state that humanity is in, you will not recognize him and you will be deceived. How my Heart bleeds because of this! So many calls from my side and from my Mother, and you will still be deceived! The earth, impoverished from sin, will shake in every place. The smoke from the volcanoes is rising and causing havoc. A great revolution is about to be born, and how many innocents will fall by the hard hand of those who have no mercy! How I bleed because of this, how it pains me! You debate and argue in these moments, so urgent for humanity, about the truthfulness of my calls. Can I not have a few souls at my disposal to call upon you? And you do not question when you fall into sin, above all the sin against love of neighbor. I call on you at this time to forgive, to have mercy, to love, to rise to me as my children, I call on you to the dignity of my children, because in this way, in this way, I feel honored and loved by you. Pain is approaching all of humanity. The enemy comes with his mighty weapon: division, and if my children are not strengthened and do not have a tried and undefiled faith, you will fall into his clutches. From here, from My Cross, I look upon you with love and with pain. My hands pierced with nails, I offer them for you.... My feet pained and weary, I offer them for you.... My wounded side bleeds for you. My Crown of Thorns, I offer it for you.... My arm wounded by the weight of this Cross, I offer it for you.... He who is God hangs on this Cross, shattered and rejected because of every transgression of my children, transgressions that are not lacking at the moment, but abound in this world with a humanity that has forgotten me, that rejects me without thinking, that forgets me and does not recognize me. The weakness of my children is so great that their own humanity bends them. How much I suffer because of my Cross, how much pain for you! So many times I have passed in front of each of you asking you, begging you for help.... and you turn your backs on me.... great pain grips the earth, all of humanity, and then you lament calling me Father. I spit out the lukewarm. I am coming in my Second Coming to reap the seed: my people, my sheepfold, my faithful.... but first you will go through a trial. I am coming to put you before the mirror of your conscience, and there you will see yourselves as you are, without children; there you will see that you are not as you say you are.... this Grace of mercy is close to you.... transform your lives before I come! I bless you; I love you; I call you to unity. My Church, My mystical body will be greatly tested, and My Church as an institution will be greatly tested and purified, but I do not abandon those who are Mine, I do not abandon you; I take you by the hand, I give you My hand to give Me a greater catch. I fill your lamps with the oil of My Love, so that you may be assured that you are not alone. I will never abandon My people, they will rise with power, with My strength, with My strength and give Me a Church renewed in holiness. I bless you, do not separate yourselves from me. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 03 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, each one of you is the reason for My sacrifice and Infinite Love.... each one of you. I greet like a beggar all those who appear on my path. In this constant succession of events, my children are more blind than one who is physically blind. I am sending you what is necessary to prepare you: my Body and my Blood, my Word without distortion, my prophet to announce to you what is happening and what will happen, continuous signs so that you will be sure of the nearness of the fulfillment of the prophecies.... you are still a people in rebellion, as in the past, whom I must put in order with My Justice. It is My Will that all be saved and enter into the unfathomable mystery of My Love, but humanity has not clung to this Love, and therefore does not find the way and strength to reach Me, overcoming daily obstacles. The world is not evil, it is the deeds and works of mankind that have deformed it, magnifying the evil in your being, and thus in your brothers and sisters and in the land that hosts you. Beloved ones, do not wait and do not be overconfident, like the one who says that if there is sunshine, it will not rain. On the contrary, remain in constant readiness, waiting without despair, but with confidence and readiness. Do not cling to what is material, but be ready for the coming moment, the one that will turn from lament to terror. Pray, beloved, pray for Japan. Pray for Mexico. Pray for Italy. I do not threaten My people, I warn them to wake up and turn to Me, allowing Me to receive them and keep them on My boat. Be wary of those who pretend to love Me, but are wolves in sheep's clothing. Beloved, these moments are not to live hypocritically. I come for my people, for those who love me without conditions, who love me by being a witness to life. I love those who are persecuted because of My Name. I bless those who devote themselves to my cause, obeying my commands. Nature has awakened.... Now mankind, I love you so much that in times of persecution I will send my help from on high for everyone! I love you and bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 07 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, my little ones, there is no time to waste, so I ask you to be consistent in what you preach and in your actions. All those who participate in spiritual groups and are involved in the lives of their brothers and sisters must be especially consistent in their lives. I urge you to frequently renew your consecration to my Immaculate Heart in order to drive away the enemy. My Son has called you to be partakers of this holy remnant that reveals, proclaims, edifies and acts, so that all your brothers and sisters may be partakers of the opportunity to know and share these divine calls. The man who is called and abandons the mission entrusted to him is a prisoner of himself, being defeated by his own will. Man is not given a mission that he cannot fulfill, but what he is given is to share with his brothers and sisters and build them up. At this moment, the heroes are not those who sleep, not those who do not take responsibility, but those who, knowing what is coming, give their all for souls. You think about time.... and this is a moment of moments. Do not think selfishly, be merciful to yourself and do not refuse to serve the divinity. The Holy Spirit dwells in you, remain alive in a constant struggle to be a living witness to my Son, maintaining that intimacy with Him who guides and strengthens you in moments of tribulation. Each of you, children, is a life that remains in constant motion, not for evil, but for good. But you refuse the blessing and take the path of what is perverse and sinful, you go, throwing mud at each other and separating yourselves from my Son for choosing the easy path the world offers you. Humanity will suffer, and as gold is passed through the crucible, so will my children be purified, because pride in man destroys talents and abilities and degenerates the spiritual being. How many have been called to this path? All of them. And how many will remain in the moment of tribulation, raising the banner of my Son and triumphing with Him and for Him? My beloved ones, there will be a volcano that will cause great loss of life, and the earth will continue to shake. My children, this is the moment of decision: yes, yes or no, no. The devil fights against man and stands by man when he falls, without even thinking about it. Those who do not take this moment seriously will lament and moan in pain. The struggle is spiritual. Therefore, those who remain in mortal life will fall harder. My Heart aches for these my little children. They will not find peace, and being aware of this, their suffering will be greater. My Son is returning for those who are His, for those with a pure and humble heart, who, knowing that they are limited, do not hesitate and every day fight against temptations, against conceit, against indifference and against what they know is holding them back. Great signs will arise so that man will look to the Heavens and grow in wisdom. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart: do not be arrogant, do not disregard my exhortations, do not continue to lose yourselves in acts contrary to the teachings of my Son. You belong to my Son. Remain vigilant, lest evil overtake you. You know my predictions about the upheaval of the Church, which will be divided and greatly shaken by two tendencies completely opposed to each other: one attached to my Son and the other beyond all understanding. In the end, the victory will be won by the faithful people, the children who defended the truth of my Son, and the Church will be reborn grounded in truth, and the people will see before them the Holy Spirit, who is Love, truth and faith. My beloved ones, pray for Italy, for it will suffer. Pray for Central America, for it will suffer. Pray for Japan, for it will suffer. Beloved children of My Heart, do not cease. Do not be afraid, I remain with you. You are My treasury of souls. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 11 2013 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I bless you with my Love; be those who do my will and receive my Word with confidence, faith and seriousness. I do not call upon my people for the sake of calling; I call upon them in the face of the anguishing state of humanity, in which promiscuity and lack of common sense prevail. Man uses his senses to the maximum to fall into the clutches of the devil, condoning all sorts of sins, whether of works or thought. Woe to those who, in the face of immorality in dress and generation of the body, give themselves excuses to justify their sins and as a definition for their vices! This moment is decisive, and it is not up to man to determine what is sin and what is not sin; sin is sin, and there are neither excuses nor vain excuses. What concerns man is repentance and a definite goal of change. I come for a clean and renewed Church, and I will not find it so until it is purified. My crib was a manger and my bed a cross; I did not adorn myself with gold. I come for faithful souls who do not seek justification; these I will pass through the sieve of purification before they call themselves My people. My beloved ones, that which is worldly is worldly, and that which moves in it brings danger to the soul; however subtle it may be, make no mistake. My people are the people of a humble heart, those who recognize Me as their God, those who love My Cross and My Mother.... I call upon you to take refuge in the heart of my Mother in moments of turmoil, when man places his emphasis on human acts, pushing aside the future of humanity and the crucible that awaits him through the perverse acts he commits. Man's pain will pierce his insides as nuclear energy is harnessed by the powerful and hunger intensifies. The planet shakes hard and the water embraces man, as if to say how much man has hurt and contaminated it. Unity is the force that surrounds my people, through it nothing penetrates to divide. Do not forget that the devil will use his strategies to make my children walk separately and thus be vulnerable. Each of you is a missionary of my Love, is a preacher of my Word.... but for this you must first know Me and fulfill My Commandments, if not, you will be a light shadow of My Love, and shadows are shadows. Man puts his trust in the economy, and forgets that I am the One who provides.... The economy will fall into a deep pit, and the man of little faith will be shaken to the point of bewilderment and even harder. While mankind stares at an event, the perverse see their plans fulfilled, forgetting that I do not abandon My people, I only allow them to purify themselves and voluntarily find Me. I come with a sword to liberate My people from their bondage. I come with strength and power, and every inhabitant will know that 'I am who I am'. I will be heralded from on high by a multitude of my legions; your brothers on the move and the elements will proclaim that 'I am who I am.' There will be no one who can resist My coming; I am the Lord of all creation. Day and night will combine to give me passage, I will separate the wheat from the chaff, and the evil one will no longer oppress my people. My beloved ones, man is..., and I am..., 'I am who I am'. My faithful will be tested more than at any other time, when they will be confronted with a reality they did not know and which will pierce their hearts. Here, faith in Me must prevail and you must continue to walk by My side without wavering. The earth is still contaminated with nuclear energy, also the water and man will mutate, this will happen when the great rulers are watching. Pray for Mexico, it will suffer. Pray for India, it will suffer. Pray for Brazil, it will cry. My beloved ones, remain faithful to my orders. My providence remains with each of my children, faithfulness to my House is essential, no matter how difficult it seems. Do not connive with modernism, my Love is renewed for each of you the moment you turn to me. I convey my love to you, accept it, do not let it pass away. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 13 2013 - Jesus Christ
My people, my beloved people, I bless you. In these moments when humanity is torn between anxiety and tension, I come to you as the King of love and Lord of all creation, time and non-time. I come with my Word of love to ask my people for peace, faith, obedience and patience. You know well that My Righteousness is being fulfilled. You know well that the sin of this generation has exceeded all limits. For this reason, I have accelerated the time, so that with the departure of my beloved and faithful Vicar from the Vatican, another stage has begun in which all the prophecies you know well concerning the end of this era will be fulfilled. I encourage you to remain united, to stand shoulder to shoulder through trials that are not easy; you know them well, but knowing them is different from living them. An imposter from the seat of Peter will at some point sit on this throne of mine here on earth, and my Church, the mystical body, will be completely shaken. Confusion will engulf many of my children who do not keep a clear faith, strong and obedient. The attacks will not cease. At this moment, the institution of my Church has run aground, like a ship in a storm at sea. The waters are agitating, the parties have begun negotiations, but I, who dictate what is to be fulfilled in Heaven and on Earth, will hold sway over my entire Church. Don't trust the announcements of a strengthened economy, don't trust the alliances and compromises, for they will be on the surface, and overnight humanity will be stripped of all control over its assets. There will be a lament when man's physical hunger exceeds the level and reaches its minimum, and his instincts go beyond what is human. Hunger will overwhelm mankind every moment, rough seas will reach and penetrate the coasts, and destruction will make my children shed tears because of it. I have been so offended that my Love has forgiven, and today it is not my Justice, but the justice of creation and the justice of the elements that are poured out on man, so that he will be severely corrected and repent of all that he has done. But while that moment is coming, my Church will pass through the crucible of martyrdom in the hands of the antichrist. To you, my faithful and beloved people, I call upon you to abide in the righteousness of the faith, not to depart from my teaching and not to allow the celebration of the Eucharist to be corrupted. With the beginning of another Lenten season, I come to my people to announce that my pain this Lenten season is not like all the previous ones. My pain is the pain of those who are mine, who will share with me united all assaults and all faces of pain. I call on you to prudence, to inner silence, I call on you to examine yourselves carefully, especially those to whom I have entrusted important missions in these moments that will bear fruit in the midst of the tribulations of my Church. Those whom I tell to remain faithful, on the contrary, will not be able to reach me. Man is free, and when I entrust him with a mission, he can decide whether to cling to it, accept it or abandon it, but to those whom I assign to important missions, as in these coming moments, I have destined them from the foundation of creation to remain strong and abandon these human distractions and accept me, because the fulfillment of my Word and the missions entrusted to various creatures will be the light, the beacon that guides my remaining Church. I place in your hands: my missionaries of love and doers of my will, my remaining Church, so that it will not disintegrate more when it finds itself in the crucible. Because of the evil, transgression, perversity and ignorance of those who, having power in their hands, will want to harm all mankind, using a powerful weapon with which they will harm millions of my children. Prepare yourselves my people, for you will share my Cross, for you will be one with me, but in the faithfulness of abiding in my Cross you will reach Heaven. No one is far from My Love and My Forgiveness; the one who calls upon Me and the one who is willing to change for My Cause, this one I will have at My Right Hand. He who is foolish, even knowing that joy and eternal life await him, will continue to be stubborn and will not give way because of pride. And he who is proud will willingly share the pain of seeing himself away from Me. Do not let yourselves be sealed, for he who is sealed will be the one who sells his soul to the devil. My people, my beloved people, pray for the institution of my Church, so that my Holy Spirit will carry out my will with clarity and power, and thus other wills will not develop. Pray for Brazil, it will be battered. Pray my people, pray for Pakistan, pray my people. Pray for Chile, it will suffer. Pray for those to whom I have entrusted missions. Pray for those soul-sacrificers who offer themselves in the midst of loneliness for the suffering that is coming for all of humanity. Pray, pray for the very special mission that I have entrusted to two people to help my Church in times of great tribulation, so that they will fully understand its importance and groundbreakingness. My beloved people, today I bless you with my Love, today I open my Heart at the beginning of this Lenten season, so that it will not be just another Lenten season, but a special Lenten season in which commitment, obedience and detachment will be the banner of giving and sacrifice for each of you. Today I am opening my Heart at the beginning of this Lenten season, so that all who repent can enter into it. I have never closed My Mercy to mankind, but mankind, before seeking My Mercy, falters and allows fear and apprehension to take over out of ignorance and lack of faith. I do not diminish the great importance of the events that accompany my beloved Church today. Proclaim, you who know me, be strong, for my Heart keeps you in it and I will not abandon you at any time. I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my Blood, I bless you with my Cross, I bless you with my Resurrection. My beloved people, remain faithful, for I remain with you. My beloved people, I bless your mind, I bless your hearts, I bless your ears, I bless your mouth, I bless your eyes, I bless your hands, I bless your feet. Be witnesses to my Word. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 16 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you live in my Heart to be protected from all evil, some leave my Heart in search of what is fictitious and lose themselves in what is worldly.... the heroes are not those who win the first battle, but those who persistently apply the lessons received to achieve the goal. Forward, children! Do not be afraid. This Mother does not abandon her children. United in my Heart we will fight the last battle against the devil and his own, united in my Heart we will crush the head of the serpent. My beloved ones, the moment of purification is a sign that faithful children like you still exist. You must understand that it is not only with prayer that you will succeed, but also by nourishing yourselves with the Body and Blood of my Son, by being a witness of love, a witness of my Son, faithful to His Word and doers of His Will. The moment is approaching when the churches will be closed, and that is when you will be aware that you have always been living temples of my Son, and you will know when you have carried this temple with offense to Him or with dignity. Beloved, for Heaven it is not irrelevant every occasion in which you put aside unhealthy entertainments, invitations that are not good for the soul, it is not irrelevant what you have sacrificed to stay on Heaven's side, knowing that the spiritual comes first and that my Son has called each of you by name and you have responded. Every demonstration and behavior of faith is received before the Father's Throne as an act of adoration, and you are immeasurably blessed and strengthened for it. Acts of faith and sacrifice are accumulated merits that unite you with Heaven and strengthen your spirit. Your brothers on the journey rejoice in these acts of love and faith and remain by your side, protecting you. Children, the path has become so narrow that each of you must slow down your step before that which is worldly and leads to a fall. You should slow down your step by strengthening your faith, this is the only way to overcome the terrible trials that are approaching for humanity, especially for those who are aware of what is happening on Earth. Those who have despised the prophecies of Heaven will lament and moan over this act of indifference, and if they had believed, they would not have gone astray. One can hear the determined march of the army towards those who, unprepared, will be surprised and will lament for their godlessness. The center of the earth is ablaze by the feelings emanating from humanity, they permeate the earth, leading it to volcanoes that can emanate this fervor and surprise with their fury. The spirit must be prepared to resist the trials, attacks, betrayals and jealousies that the devils spread through the air. And those who doubt or lack faith and remain distant from my Son absorb all this negativity filled with evil, are receptors of it and pour it out on their neighbors. Man's ignorance is the feeling that he can judge; wisdom leads to seeing the blessing that every soul carries within itself. Right now, the goal of evil is to penetrate people's minds and dominate them. This fertile ground is found in those who are lukewarm, the proud, the foolish, the hard-hearted, and those who do not allow themselves to be converted to goodness. Evil is able to make mankind comfortable with it, leading mankind to believe that what mankind achieves, no matter how wrong it is, is a normal activity in its life. Thus, in front of those dominated by evil, the persecution of the mystical body - the Church - will be cruel and will not give peace. In the face of what is wrong is fear, what is right is strengthening in faith. My Son's home on Earth is in discord, with threats and bent by the powers of evil, Freemasonry has taken control of the carriage, leading it through very difficult and intricate paths, which will be passed on to the faithful, managing to make my children have doubts between what is correct and incorrect in doctrine. Do not forget that my Son is Love, He humbled Himself and said 'yes' to what was 'yes' and 'no' to what is not correct. The human mind must get rid of negative feelings, so that you act in simplicity and discern before what you must not do and offend my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, from on high comes blessing for the faithful, they will receive help at all times. From on high comes a blessing and a great defender of my Son's people will come, his holiness will be recognized and he will fight against evil for the Salvation of souls; just like the voice crying in the wilderness, so again the voice will cry in the wilderness.... Every Fiat (yes) of this Mother, has the seal of my Son's love for his people. The Church will be tested to the very core, but the armies of my Son will descend to help you. Do not be afraid, even if the earth shakes, even if the spirits of men decide that war and plagues are coming, this Mother will give you what is necessary for victory. I have received you at the foot of the Cross, and in it the people of my Son will rejoice and be adorned with the gold of Ofir. Pray, beloved children, for Australia. Pray for Iran, it will suffer. Pray for the United States, it will lament. Go forward in one heart with the certainty that you are not alone, my Son and I carry you in our arms. I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my peace. Pray the Holy Rosary. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 20 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive the blessing of this Mother, who comes to her children so many times, with an open Heart that is a 'refuge of sinners.' I encourage you to stand in unity and forgive one another, just as my Son forgives his own. At this time more than any other, you, as people of my Son and as my children, should remain in unity. Legions of evil are lurking to destroy my Son's people. And what greater and more powerful weapon than disunity? Beloved ones, my Son came to scatter the seed, the seed of goodness all over the earth, but the vultures came, took some seeds that were not secured in fertile soil and took them to dry ground, where they bore fruit, but not good fruit, but fruit devoid of love, devoid of peace, devoid of obedience and unaware of sacrifice for their brothers. These fully human fruits, guided by evil, quickly took over the house of my Son here on earth, roamed the corridors, bringing darkness everywhere, perverting the will of my Son, and replacing it instead with contempt and the whims of evil. So many prayers I asked for my favorite children, the priests! ... And in many of them, this evil human seed bore fruit, but not the fruit of my Son, but fruit that fell on barren soil, and by distorting the word of my Son and allowing themselves to be controlled by evil appetites, they darkened the house of my Son, closed the windows so that the Divine Light would not penetrate, closed the doors in order to plan the downfall of my Son's Church in secret and in darkness. Evil will never triumph over good, my Son will never abandon His Church, His mystical body, but those souls who surrendered to darkness will make the mystical body go through the path of the cruelest pain in human history. You remain in faith, you know and acknowledge my Son, you know and acknowledge this Mother who loves you, you are strengthened by my Love for you and by the Holy Rosary, through which demons are driven away, you remain strengthened in faith, but in order to obtain this you must know my Son, you must penetrate the Holy Scriptures, accepting the Word and accepting the Commandments and commands of my Son. You, beloved people, children of my Immaculate Heart, do not succumb to modernisms, do not give in to the new doctrines they want to introduce. The doctrine is one 'love God above all else, and your neighbor as yourself'. The law of love is immutable, insurmountable and presupposes obedience to my Son. Beloved ones, the serpent moves among my Son's people stealthily and silently, without your awareness, and poisons a large number of my children to react against their brothers, to bring betrayal, to bring darkness to all my beloved children. But, 'am I not here, who am the Mother of all humanity, and I will not allow the enemy to crush the mystical body?' Prayer is needed, meditation is needed, lest fear and apprehension overwhelm you and prevent you from reasoning and discerning between what is right and what is wrong. You will be led into false doctrines, reforms and modernisms that are not the will of my Son, that are contrary to the will of my Son. Do not give up, cling to my Son. You must keep the faith, united with the Will of God, and through this you will not be deceived. Do not join those who come to you with false news of new reforms that are not commensurate with the love and faithfulness that my Son proclaimed to his people. My Son is coming in His Second Coming to save His faithful ones. This will come after the purification of the entire Church, after the deceiver is removed from the throne of Peter here on earth. The same Peter will come to sit in his chair next to my beloved Son and will reign in the holy and remnant Church. But I, as the Mother of all mankind, do not wish for anyone to perish. You, my beloved ones, listen and remember that prayer and fidelity to my Son is continuous, from moment to moment, not momentary, not for convenience, but continuous. Prayer is the practice of love and devotion, obedience and fidelity, without these requirements a tree facing Heaven will not hold, but instead will rot and fall to the ground, dragged down by the crowds inflamed by the falsehood of the monster of evil, who claws and prepares to destroy the Church of my Son. Do not worry, mystical body, do not fret when you hear that the house of my Son has been demolished, because the house of my Son remains in each of you. You are the Tabernacles in which my Son is kept and loved. Buildings are proof of man's love for my Son, but the true Tabernacle is each of you, the temple and Tabernacle of the Holy Spirit. Be faithful, it is necessary for every creature to pray, for every creature to meditate, for every creature to be in intimacy with my Son and call upon this Mother. Whoever does not draw near to my Son, does not think about my Son, whoever does not carry in his heart, whoever does not go to this Mother, will fall into the clutches of evil. No building stands without solid foundations, for it is these that keep it in perfect condition. Take, my children, the weapons of my Rosary and join this Mother, I will come to you with my legions of heaven to fight the son of evil. Beloved children, do not be afraid, why are you afraid? Where is your faith in the protection of my Son? Why are you afraid, when you know that the gates of evil and hellfire will never overcome the Church of my Son, for He is the head of the mystical body? Beloved, at this moment you are experiencing the road to Calvary, but remember that after the crucifixion comes the resurrection, eternal life and truth. Do not believe the lies of the wicked one and his henchmen. Pray for my beloved Vicar Benedict, pray, pray for him, send your love so that the wolves will not destroy him. Remain prepared and be love for my Son. I give you my love, love one another and do not be like those Pharisees who preached love but did not practice it. There are those Pharisees who come to my Son's house, beat their breasts to see who enters them, and then condemn them. No, the true ones do not act this way. Pray, my beloved, pray for Costa Rica, she will suffer. Pray for England, she will be the cradle of evil. Pray, my beloved, pray for Jamaica, she will suffer. Nature appalled by the arrival of the wicked reacts and brings sorrow to mankind, you be prepared. Today I urge you to love one another as one nation, in one heart, to remain prayerful souls, to not follow the flow of what you listen to, to not be afraid that your strength will be exhausted, for the way of the cross to Calvary is just beginning. Hold hands and in one heart, under faith in one God, devoted to my Son, take my hand and stop in my Heart, go on to crush the head of the serpent, the usurper of my Son's throne here on earth. I bless you, I love you, do not be afraid, I am not in the desert, I am meeting my beloved children whom I love and those whom I will defend, for I am the Mother of you all. Heads up, strengthen your soul and spirit that is before my Son, constantly live in praise of the Holy Trinity, proclaim the greatness of God and proclaim the resurrection of my Son, proclaim the redemption of humanity and proclaim that this Mother is the Queen of Humanity. I bless you, abide in the peace of my Son and in my Immaculate Heart. Do not waver, do not waver, do not waver. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 24 2013 - Jesus Christ
My dear children, you are my delight, you are the pupil of my eye .... I have known you from your Mother's womb ... In my hands I held you ... I cradled you in my arms and led you along the road ... I go before you with water to quench your thirst ... You are my people, whom I do not abandon. My people ... My people, you follow false gods, dosing evil in small amounts, so that you do not perceive the conduct against My Love. The demonic spirit takes its spoils among those who have departed from the Faith and severely offend Me, rejecting their lives, leaving them adrift and drifting, getting caught in the nets of evil. Beloved: great and serious changes are stirring in everyday people, changes in the social, political and religious spheres. Be alert with your mind, reason and heart, more attached to me than in previous moments, for you will not live like others. The powerful look at you as a code, I would look at you from the breadth of my Mercy, so persistently I call you back to the One who loves you. The moments they have been waiting for have hastened the passing and course of the prophecies, and they have not yet consecrated Russia to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother, because those who have consecrated themselves to my Service are aware of the importance of the transcendence of this consecration, which will change the fate of humanity. They knew that the Third Secret of Fatima revealed by my Mother and neglected to avoid creating disputes with my people, who blindly go as if they knew what my Mother announced, the heart of man will remain vigilant and attentive to what descends from above and will seek the sanctity of the institution of my Church, will distinguish between the true and the deceiver will give for good to my children, this, however, is a serious offense against me and my Mother, who will certainly be rejected as an object. My ministers, do not deny the explanations of my Word; I am who I am, and I will not be silent. If you would only listen to me! ... My people must be led by the truth, without interests of any kind, without economic projections, but led to spiritual growth and to the fulfillment of My Commandments. To this end, there will be no other way but the purification of my Church. I did not want lavish temples, I wanted each of you to be a doer of My Word in spirit and truth. You have grieved my Holy Spirit deeply. At this time my Love is with those who have a humble and simple heart, those who love me and abide in my Truth. My children must remain prepared with a sound and clear mind, with a heart emptied of lies, to receive My calls of love and accept them as the treasure that they are. My prophets will be persecuted to silence Me, but they will not succeed. My Word is eternal and will continue to come to My people, I will not abandon you. Pray, My children, for yourselves, so that faith will not waver. Pray for Japan, she will suffer. Pray for China, for they will spread fear. Beloved, the winds will be stronger, heralding awakened hardness. The volcanoes will unleash their wrath as the father of lies takes hold of my people, making them captives. Children, do not fear, do not be afraid. I will send my legions from above to defend my Church, and with them I will send you a defender who will fight against evil and against the antichrist and defeat him. In the end, my enslaved people will be set free after suffering and being led like sheep to the slaughter. I will show my power to unbelievers and cast them into the fire for blaspheming against me. Children, do not be overwhelmed. I: Alpha and Omega, will separate the seed and take you to myself. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 27 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, I bless you, I love you. Just as the sun at its zenith distributes its love and its light to all creation, my Love is given to all. I leave no one without receiving it and without being a participant in my Love. But at this moment I find myself like a beggar of my own love; before each of you I knock on the door of those hearts of stone, those who do not love me, those who deny me my daily bread, that bread which for me is my own love in each of you. At the moment I am a King without a palace, my palace has been taken from me and is in dispute. With my Heart wounded and freshly crucified.... I come to my people to ask for prayer, patience, love, mercy, forgiveness and humility. I come to my people to make all their offerings to me, because you have denied this King his palace and want to steal his crown and scepter. To my beloved instruments of this moment, I call upon you to remain faithful and to stand, so that you do not succumb to the persecution of those scholars who deny my presence in every person, who deny the love of my Mother in each of you and for each of you. Do not succumb to threats, do not succumb to those who, denying the unambiguousness of my Word, call you to silence. Woe to him who, out of fear of man himself, ceases to love and obey his Christ and his Mother! These are not my true instruments, but those who proclaim my Truth and my call, even if they bring persecution upon themselves. I have chosen them for these difficult moments... and who are those who fear man more than me! This moment in which you live is decisive, I am Infinite Mercy and at the same time Divine Justice. Woe to him whom I deem lukewarm, for I will spit the lukewarm out of my mouth, I will reject him along with the chaff. Woe to him who abandons me to man! Woe to him who shows himself before Me as lukewarm for the sake of keeping up appearances, for I will make him fall, I will make him fall among the chaff, and I will separate him from the wheat! I come for my people, for the faithful who accompany me, for the people who struggle, for the people who suffer, for my children who say 'yes', 'yes' and say 'no' to what is 'no'. Woe to those of my instruments who are lukewarm toward me! Woe to those whom I have called to my works, and who are lukewarm before me, and show a different face before men! Faithfulness must reign, not the world and what is worldly; not appearances, not clinging to human considerations, not looking good before brothers and sisters, and being false before Me. Have you forgotten that I know you from your Mother's womb? You will not deceive Me, you will deceive man, but you will not deceive Me. I need people faithful to Me, dedicated to the cause of reparation with unshakeable faith, so that they do not fall into the clutches of those who, with false modernisms, want to incline My mystical body to acts contrary to My Will. You, faithful people, are my warriors, and my warriors march in the front row, do not wait to be called, but go out to meet the battle, with love as their banner and faith in me and my Mother as their shield. So much, so much humanity will suffer, because it has spread over the planet its own resentment of me! Everything, everything that exists - nature and creation - lives in unity with my Will, only man rebels against me, but creation goes with a sure step to meet man and puts him through the crucible. I announce to you with pain that the demons are above man, and you allow them to pass and enter. You hear this and forget, and act dominated by evil. The devil does not rest and constantly strikes at your souls, strikes at your thoughts and use of reason, strikes at human intelligence to weaken it and make you act like those who do not know me and constantly despise me. If this is my people, then woe to this king! No, beloved children, you have forgotten that before Me each of you is found as he is. Soon there will be my second coming, because the moments have been accelerated and I want to find you transparent, worthy of my Love and my help. Nature will make the nations tremble, soon, sooner than you imagine. I will dethrone the proud one, the one who humiliates his brother and sister, I will make him taste the cup of bitterness. This is not my Justice, but my Mercy, so that in these moments you will turn to me and return to the path. My beloved people, I encourage you to pray for the Middle East. I encourage you to pray diligently for Korea. I urge you to pray earnestly for the United States. My people, what has happened to you that I seek you and do not find you? Where are they hiding you, my people? Who do you listen to, if you do not listen to this King of yours, though I have no palaces or crown? Who do you listen to, if not Me? My Mercy will not dry up, it will not dry up for those who are Mine, nevertheless I will send a being filled with My Love to defend and guide My Church in moments of greater tribulation. This beloved creature will come to you with My Word in its mouth and will fight alongside My Mother to save those who are Mine. You are my great treasure, you are my living Tabernacles: do not reject the calls of this King who comes for his subjects. Do not fear even injustice, nor the unforgiveness of those who judge you because of My cause. Do not fear those who tell you that you will be spurned from my institution, for you are my mystical body and my beloved people, and I am the head of my Church. Beloved ones, I bless you, I bless you for your abiding faith, for your prowess, and I call you energetically to obedience, to rise above your own human ego, to crush it with my Love and faith in my Words. And before what is coming, know that I will never leave you, and my Mother remains with you every moment. The woman clothed with the sun and the moon beneath her feet, together with My Church, My mystical body, together with My faithful and chosen ones, will crush the head of the antichrist. I love you, my children, and you, my beloved instruments for this moment, you whom I have called to be part of my mission in these moments.... I urge you not to give up, not to take a step backwards, to be steadfast and cling to my Mother's hand, because by clinging to my Mother's hand, you will not be silenced. Pray, pray the Holy Rosary. Do not forget that the devils are on earth, and woe to him who gives himself to them, for they will unwind and completely separate you from me and my Mother! Be love and do not forget that without unity there is no strength, that without unity there is no love, and that without unity man is only one creature who finds it difficult to take on the task entrusted to him if he is not reborn in humility, if he does not keep unity within himself. I bless you and urge you not to fall, not to be afraid. Do not forget that I founded my Church and evil will not overcome it, it will be purified, but not defeated. My people, if necessary, I will make manna come down from Heaven, but my people will not be alone, they will not be abandoned. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 02 2013 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, life is a human activity and a stage to be analyzed at its end, so you must not go unaware. True life is found in eternity. The sun will no longer shine because you have so decided, this is my power, not man's. Every step you take leaves its mark, and this mark determines the path on which you walk. How much would mankind have avoided if they had obeyed my Mother with decency! Children, every day you wade in the mud, not getting up and being food for the snakes that wriggle on the muddy ground. You do not look into the distance, and the malicious one has forged false idols so that you do not perceive the earthly things in which you move. Each of you has been sent to this life for a specific purpose, most of which has not been fulfilled, because you have not invited me into the inner part of your being, and therefore you persist in solitude, not asking me for help and constantly wandering. Beloved ones, humanity is spinning without direction, it is human pride that has not allowed you to see in this spinning how much evil you are dragging behind you, and you have allowed evil to sprout, clenching in your hearts, minds and wits, thus invading your entire being until it spreads and contaminates the rest of your brothers and sisters. Beloved ones, you will find brothers and sisters who criticize you and mock you, in the same way you will find those who do not understand you and impose themselves to make you deviate from the path I have set; they are not waiting for eternity, rather they are people who have transformed themselves into little beings who want the same for their fellow human beings. This is the moment when those who allow me to penetrate their inner self will be relieved to come out of the worldly and sinful to find the balm they seek without knowing where. Those who are despised because of me are my chosen ones. Those who displease those who insist on distancing you from me will receive and enjoy all my promises. Growing in faith is necessary so that you will not allow yourselves to be distanced from eternal life. This is the moment when humanity, for one reason or another, is convulsing, and you do not see the signs and signals moving before your eyes, so that you wake up from lethargy and prepare for the events by which humanity will be purified. My Cross is not hidden under the cloth, My Cross is life. My Cross is not used to inspire respect if it does not reign in the heart. My Word is not properly pronounced if I do not live in man; even though that man knows all the history books, he will not bear fruit who does not love Me in spirit and truth. My mystical body must walk in faith, I remain alive among those who are Mine, whom I call upon not to fall, to be vigilant, lest they mislead you and lead you into apostasy. The unity of those who are Mine is essential to avoid disputes and errors that lead you to stonewall and annihilate what is My Truth. I have sent My Word through My faithful instruments to explain and clarify to this generation the perverse plans of evil, abominations, treachery and the presence of the antichrist in the midst of My people. The antichrist and his allies will openly deny My real presence in the Eucharist, My blood sacrifice, and will abolish Marian dogmas, denying the purity of My Mother. This deviant is already at work so that my people, steeped in sin, will be ignorant of my Truth, indulgent and tolerant of what they are told, agree to close my Churches, forget about me and accept as God the spawn of evil. They will persecute my tools, uniting with those consecrated ones who have turned away from my Truth, who have embraced false ideologies and unhealthy interests, and who from their pulpits will ridicule my faithful tools in an attempt to silence my calls. My Word will not fade nor will I forsake my faithful tools, so that it is they who will alarm and loudly proclaim: my Truth, my love, my plunge, the existence of purgatory and hell itself. If not, where would the demons be if hell did not exist? My beloved people, there will be opposing currents flowing everywhere, be of one word, remain in my hands and in the heart of my Mother, so that you will not deny me out of fear. The winds of evil will blow continually. Nations will betray each other, and war will be merciless. How many times have I called on you to see what nuclear energy hides! And you have not heeded my calls, raising your voice together so that it does not grow more. And the powerful nations and those not powerful are reckoning with this horror that will cripple humanity. Man's disobedience will be his own scourge.... Beloved, remain faithful in the face of all adversity, do not give up, for I strengthen you with My Love. My Mother will fight against the malignant oppressor of My people, and you will pray, constantly aware that you must go holding My hand wherever you go, for without Me you will become victims of evil. Do not be afraid of the truth I present to you, but be strong in faith and be strong columns of my Church, for evil will pass, but will not tear it down. Beloved ones, pray for yourselves, so that the demons will not make you fall, My beloved ones, pray for the United States, they will suffer. Pray for Israel, the shadow of pain will purify it. Be patient and noble, be humble. I remain with My people and with My faithful ones. Taking me by the hand, they will walk towards my Truth. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 05 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I carry you in my Heart, and at the same time I carry you in my womb, so that you remember that you are protected at every moment. Do not forget that at the end of your pregnancy come the birth pains, in which the people of my Son will be severely tested, persecuted, purified and will be severely scourged by the hands of those who do not love, do not wait, do not trust, those who have given their lives into the hands of evil. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must not give up at any time, even when you find yourselves in the midst of persecution and slander, in the midst of desolation, in the midst of closed temples, in the midst of the denial of the presence of my Son in the Eucharist, in the midst of the confusion in which you will be immersed and in the midst of the darkness that will plague the Church of my Son. It pains me to say that many of my children, a large number of them, will go other ways, away from the truth that my Son proclaims, away from the Divine Love that is my Son and away from that Mother who received you at the foot of the Cross. The coming confusion will cause a great number of my faithful to turn away from this Mother, to cast my Son out of their hearts, because false doctrines will mislead you and you will not know whether you abide in what is preached, sent by my Son, or whether you abide only in the words of men. Therefore, it is necessary, as I asked you years ago, that you know my Son truly, that you really know the Scriptures, so that they cannot deceive you, because those who call themselves Christians and do not truly know my Son, they will be the ones who fall first. Do not forget to pray the Holy Rosary, that crown of roses that you give me in every Hail Mary. The Holy Rosary is not just a prayer, it is the fruit of the sacrifice of many souls beloved by me and devoted to me until I reveal it. And now, at this moment, in this time without time, is the moment when this crown of roses of the Holy Rosary must truly bear fruit. My beloved ones, how close to this generation is this Great Warning! And how many of you do not even know what this Great Warning is! Right now my faithful instruments and my prophet are the cause of mockery from those who feel themselves to be scholars of spirituality, from those who reach millions of souls through the media and mislead them by hiding the truth from them, because I am revealing the Will of the Holy Trinity..., and the Will of the Holy Trinity has already been spoken in all my revelations for a long time. The warning is not a fantasy. Humanity must be purified so that it does not fall into the flames of hell. You will see yourselves, and at that moment you will be pained that you did not believe, but many of my children have already gone astray, which we will not recover so easily, because the ungodly will come to deny the warning and attribute it to the new technology. Beloved children, beloved of my Heart: the apostasy is in the house of my Son and in His people, in the mystical body, they must persist in a prayerful and at the same time defensive attitude, because the Church of my Son will never fall or be defeated, but will be purified, and in this purification will participate all, absolutely all who believe and who do not believe. My Heart places its hope in you, my faithful children, to whom I have entrusted special missions and works, not to exalt themselves above others, but to humble themselves, just as my Son humbled himself. The moment of righteousness is already approaching, my Son is closer in his second coming, be the wheat that my Son harvests with love and joy, do not be part of the chaff. Help my beloved instruments, do not hinder them, and when you defend them, see in them my Son, who has called you to convey the truth and explain it to His people, so that they will not fall. I will be by your side at all times, not letting you out of my hand. How much people will suffer, my children! How much, how much you will suffer not only from the persecution of your own brothers and sisters, but the events of this earth, tired and exhausted, will be completely shaken! The geography will change, and in this change my children will suffer. Today I encourage you to pray, I encourage you to pray for the President of the United States, so that he will at least think for a moment and not lead to terrible moments in the midst of a bloody and gruesome war. I encourage you to pray for Israel, that nation beloved by my Son, so that it will not succumb to the temptation of power by force. My beloved ones, very painful times are approaching you. I encourage you to repent. I encourage you to reconsider, but above all, this Mother addresses to you today a call, a call of love and a request born from the depths of my Heart: overcome obstacles, stand firm, do not falter in faith, but above all, I implore you to stand firm in unity and not give in to any motives for disunity. Unite, unity is strength; disunity, however small, opens a great door for the enemy to take advantage of this and cause great divisions. In these moments, demons scourge groups where the Word of God is read, prayer groups and groups that want to fully fulfill the Divine Will, be vigilant, do not give the enemy a reason to divide you. Stay united, all you need is to be humble, because the one who is humble accepts the mistakes made and allows his brothers and sisters to help you. Thus, I will crown the humble with roses, for they beside me will be the pillars on which we will crush the enemy's head. Be vigilant, do not waste these moments on worldly things, do not waste these moments on fleeting friendships that cause you to fall into unfaithfulness to my Son, be strong, be firm and stand firm on the Cross, for in it all will prevail and the Will of my Son will be resurrected. I love you, you are not alone. Discern and do not be carried away by mere words, but discern, for here this Mother who holds you in her womb loves you. My hands are in front of each of you, take them, for under no circumstances will I let you go. My Son will send a being from on high who will help you, guide you and strengthen you. Listen, expect that in the midst of the greatest persecution, he will be a balm for each of my children. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 10 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children, I bless you. I encourage you to remain attentive to my calls. I urge you not to perish, not to stop obeying Heaven's commands and calls. Mankind is discussing such superfluous things that my Heart is torn without ceasing. I see you ... and out of love I return to invite you, so that you are not lost. Evil constantly penetrates the mind of mankind, so that mankind abandons what corresponds to My Son, so that in the Cross you see only a sign and not what it contains: love, devotion, obedience, patience, infinity.... you do not know what devotion means, you do not know what availability is. You are still wandering without a path, like a ship that is adrift, letting the waves toss you wherever they please, and those waves are all the worldly things that constantly hit you and litter you mercilessly. I encourage you at this time to follow what I and my Son are asking you to do, but even so, I know that few will do so. My Son and I have already warned you about the power of evil over the human mind and conscience, we have warned you that evil penetrates into the unconscious to dominate you, and to put aside everything we ask of you. Not just recently, but throughout the previous and long years, I have been foretelling to you what you are experiencing at this moment. Not only is my Son's institution suffering, but the mystical body is being severely scourged by evil and will continue to be scourged each time with greater severity, penetrating one sense and another, penetrating because of pride, in others because of arrogance, and in others because of false humility, but.... my true children must remain one, unshaken in the love and mercy of my Son. My true children must hold hands and pray to our Father while looking to Heaven, looking with confidence at every word they speak and taking every word into their hearts. The mystical body of my Son is strong, but I see it so weakened at this moment, weakened by human affairs and by all that is earthly, which prevails at this moment, and not that which is spiritual. How many souls are in the monastery, offering themselves for you, so that the works Christ has entrusted to you can be fulfilled! And it is with sadness that I see my warriors lowering their armor on the road for fear of tomorrow - a tomorrow that does not exist, because time is not time and has ended. This humanity will experience great events, this generation, which has achieved the impossible when it comes to offending my Son, has surpassed previous generations, and for this reason I grieve as a Mother, because you do not know how to respond to the love of my Son, you do not even know how to respond to me as the Mother of Humanity, who does not deserve so much mercy, but I myself seek it for you, I ask it of my Son, because I am the Mother of all, and I see no differences among you. The institution of my Son's Church is shaking, and with it the mystical body.... do not forget that I have my hand before you to guide you, but do not forget that each of you must know my Son, must be ready with your mind, with your thoughts, with your heart and with your reason to open yourselves to what my Son asks of you. Again and again I will urge you not to be seduced by false teachings, my Son has established one teaching, and if it has been distorted..., you must follow the straight path. I urge you to turn back by taking up my previous calls in which I explained the behavior of the institution at this time. You, as a mystical body, maintain love for me and maintain readiness in your heart, so that it is not a heart of stone, but of flesh. I encourage you to remain attentive and vigilant, the earth will soon shake strongly. I encourage you to reconsider your work and actions, because the warning is closer than you think. I encourage you not to break down, but to gain strength, that strength which my Son gives to those who are faithful, to those who, although they do not understand Him, remain faithful to Him. My beloved ones, the struggle is just beginning, the coming moments will be full of misfortunes. All I ask of you is that these calls of Mine do not become a habit for you, because I am in each of them, and at this moment, when I send you this call of Mine, it is I, the Mother of Humanity, who is speaking to you. And I ask you, faithful people, to listen to me on your knees, because you bow your head, bend your knee before an important man on earth, and you do not do so before my Son or before me. You render to God what is divine and to Caesar what is Caesar's, but you do not understand this and you render to God what corresponds to Caesar, and to Caesar you render the affairs and revelations of God. You are going completely astray, but not for the good, rather to further strengthen the enemy of man. The tsunami is approaching, and I have already announced it, but sin will continue to fall to earth, man celebrates as if it were not a moment in time. The heavens will open before the eyes of mankind and you will see fire descending from on high, you will remember my Son and me and you will cry out, but it will be too late, many of my children will die because of the meteor that will unexpectedly enter the earth's atmosphere and reach the earth. Thus, once again my Son will show you that what man predicts cannot happen will happen when my Son does not allow it. Remain vigilant, trust in the Word of my Son, which will not cease to be directed to His faithful ones, nor will my Word cease to reach my faithful children. Woe to those who, for human reasons, conceal the Word of my Son and mine! This is not a moment of silence, but a moment of truth, struggle and saving souls. Pray intensely for Brazil, this country will suffer greatly. Be faithful and constant, do not hesitate, because my Son is near, and do not forget that the chaff cannot remain with the wheat, it will be separated. Do not accelerate this separation, remain vigilant, but above all, be faithful spiritually, do not deny yourself Salvation. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 13 2013 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I see you still as little children, guiding you, not abandoning you when you stray. In those moments I see souls who suffer at the hand of man himself. I explain to mankind the extent of my Love for my children, not to frighten them with the coming events, but to warn them and for them to wake up now, before it is too late. My beloved ones, how much I have given you to change your path! And the more I give you, the more you turn away from me. You consider the passage of time as something normal, and you do not stop to see the sins of time that are constantly before your eyes. Darkness, caused by evil, has nested in the intelligence of man, keeping you spiritually stunted, so as to cause blindness in this way, and so that intelligence, reason and thought are unable to explain what comes to you. My beloved ones, in these moments the demons have unleashed themselves upon all of humanity, they do not respect anyone, rather they invade you to attack you with all their fury and lead you astray from My will, undermining the work I have entrusted to each of you, because the weakness of those who are Mine is strength for the enemy. Evil takes the weakness of those who are Mine, it takes insensitivity, it takes pride, it takes free will and leads you to act according to its whim in order to advance. This is what my children cannot explain. My children have my protection, the protection of my Mother and all her protectors and intercessors, and I, who am Infinite Love, respect human freedom, watching you fall again and again, without being a motive for you to reconsider. Beloved, you are already experiencing tribulation, and you do not yet see it. The ability to reason has entered a vegetative state that pushes you to make wrong decisions while waiting for better times, and those times will not return until my Church is put through the crucible and returns to me as I desire: clean, neat, loving, being a mirror of my work.... I strongly urge my children to unite in my Heart, not to separate, but to unite. Do not get into rivalries, but strengthen unity. When the body remains diseased, whatever virus that spreads around it attacks the body; so also in the Spirit, when division and interests penetrate beyond My Will, evil penetrates with force to separate, to divide, because it is more advantageous to fight separately against those who are Mine than when they remain united. For this reason, I cry out and ask my faithful instruments for obedience and truth. For I have drawn near with My Love and My Justice, and I will pass through the sieve those who do not proclaim My Truth. These moments are moments of confusion, and whoever does not preach the truth is not my instrument, but an ally of evil that leads us off course, bringing darkness rather than light. I have called many, but few are chosen. In the confusion in which my people will live, those will arise who will speak in my Name. Only and only those who preach against perdition, calling every thing by its name..., only they are my chosen ones. My people, prayer must not falter, pray for My Church and for the coming events. Pray that my righteous will not perish and unitedly fight against evil. My people have my spirit to guide them. Except that if this people has become worldly to the maximum, only those who have distanced themselves from the worldly and sinful will hear the voice of my spirit. Beloved, my Word is the same as it was yesterday, today and always. It does not change according to circumstances. I urge you to pray for Israel, it will suffer. I urge you to pray for the institution of my Church. I urge you to pray that the light of my Holy Spirit will enlighten you and that you will not be deceived by wolves disguised in sheep's clothing. Be valiant, do not separate yourselves from me, for darkness is advancing by leaps and bounds towards humanity. Do not disregard the pleas of my Mother and your Mother; I have entrusted my people to my Mother. The plague is approaching and the borders will not stop it. Turn to my Mother. My people, my people, the darkness distances you from me; what appears to be my Will is not it. Be sensible and maintain spiritual vigilance. I love you. My blessing be upon each of you and your lives. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 16 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. I bless your families, I bless your sacramentals. I encourage you to place them high, let them be protected by My mantle. My mantle covers you, to make you instruments in whom my beloved Son will place his trust. My children, you are living in agonal moments, I need the unity of all the people of my Son. I love you so much that my Motherly Heart opens for each of you to enter into it and in my Heart to be guarded. Stay on the right path, do not be afraid, but act. You will not perish if you do not falter in faith. Obedience is the weapon to penetrate without hindrance and live in the loving Heart of my Son. I, the disciple of my Son, hold you by the hand to become messengers of my Son's love and messengers of my Love to all humanity. I will come to you as often as necessary, so that you will not fall in faith. My Son has not allowed His people to suffer more than they should, and it will be the same with you. He will guard you like a protective shield, and I with my Motherly mantle will shield you. Dear children, pray, the coming events will shake man, and only those who remain lukewarm in faith will decline. The great plague is coming as a great darkness, but you who keep the light of my Son's love and my Love and Holy Spirit within you, you will look at the Divine Light without being obscured in your thoughts. My dear ones, I urge you to pray for Israel, do not neglect to pray for Israel. I urge you to pray for the United States. I urge you to pray for Argentina. Beloved, moments are coming when people will rise up because of poverty and the desire to dominate, you must be peacemakers. My Heart beats strong like a flame of love that does not go out and join those who do not sleep, hold hands, hold your brothers and sisters and do not let them perish without your last effort. Divine Love transcends human will, Divine Love overcomes all obstacles and must dwell and reign in you at this moment when oppression crosses the door of this generation. I will not abandon you, I will be and I am that Mother who, obedient to the request of her Son at the foot of the Cross, watches over those entrusted to her and those entrusted to me. Allow yourselves to be messengers of the truth, for my Son is coming, coming to separate the wheat from the weeds before the righteous are destroyed. Let you be a refuge for your brothers, be the light they need to come out of the darkness. Let you be, children of my Immaculate Heart, my legion, my legion of souls for the Salvation of all mankind. I bless you. My Love pours out upon you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 20 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, in Infinite Love for My children, I give Myself unreservedly and I give Myself in the Eucharist with My Body and My Blood as the food of love for all who are worthy. My people, how much I love you and how much I seek you! My beloved ones, do not neglect my calls to pray for the institution of my Church and for Pope Francis. He is my son. Those whom he has supported in the past will betray him and will be those who will bring my institution and my mystical body to ruin. My son, Pope Francis, has proposed good works for my Church, but they will not allow him to move forward; the obstacles will be constant, and they will demand that he make great changes in everything that concerns the liturgy. The Church is still alive, but it must return to its reality. Too many are poor, famine has plagued great continents for years, my youngest are dying of hunger i.... what is the institution of my Church doing to multiply loaves and fishes? In my Home: Vatican City, rest the great Freemasons and illuminati who, having stained its purity with their unbridled lusts for power, have brought disorder and immorality to my House. My Vicars have removed these great and despicable errors that have once again wounded my Heart. At this moment, I ask my son Francis, Pope and Bishop of Rome, to reveal the third secret that my Mother gave to humanity at Fatima. So far it has only been partially known, but at this moment, as its fulfillment draws near, my people must know the true word of my Mother, so that mankind will see reality as something near and not distant, and so that you will strengthen your faith before evil makes itself present, confuses and captures my people. The institution of my Church will falter, and my people will flee like sheep without a shepherd. At this moment you are asking yourself and feel worthy to know whether Francis is or is not a trustworthy pope.... Pray, pray.... 'by their fruits you shall know them'. Pray for Italy. Pray for Argentina, she will suffer. Pray for Ecuador, it will suffer. My beloved ones, may my Blessing be with you in these moments of agony. I will not abandon you, I remain with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 24 2013 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, in the infinity of my Love, each of you, my faithful, is a light that rises from the earth and shines brightly. This is My Love, which I seek constantly like a beggar among hearts. My beloved ones, I ask you to accompany Me, being My Cyrenaics in these moments of distress of humanity, in which the enemy of the soul takes advantage of the spiritual ignorance of souls, so that you stumble again and again until you cannot rise. My Cross is the Cross of humanity, every moment it is heavier before the purification comes, just as it was before reaching Calvary, where my Love for humanity was accomplished, my Love for all, not for some, but for all. My Love does not exclude, but embraces every person, excluding no one. At every moment I see you, and I follow you from mercy to mercy, until man gives himself no more opportunity, because of his free will. My beloved ones, I am the one who came yesterday as a docile lamb, only to be devoured amidst scoffing and spitting. Those who cheer me today will deliver me into the hands of the enemy tomorrow. I have been delivered to the law, before the Sanhedrin...; at this moment my people will be delivered before the Satan of atomic energy. On the morning of this Palm Sunday you cheered and praised me; at this moment you will mutilate and exterminate one another. Wood was being prepared to be my crib again; today that wood has been turned into a powerful weapon, because of which my people will perish utterly in the hands of today's Herods. My people, where do you go when your children devour each other? My people, where are you going when I dwell with My Holy Spirit in each of My children? Conversion reaches humanity, otherwise I would not be love. It comes from the hand of the crucible of antichrist, who will fight against My people; it comes from the hand of suffering and maiming, from the hand of hunger and loneliness, from the hand of persecution and destruction caused by natural disasters, before a land that, like man, longs to be renewed. In this moment of purification, I need each of you to courageously experience and endure your inner cataclysm and surrender yourselves to me, so that you can overcome this trial in full consciousness. Beloved ones, pray without ceasing, feed on my Body and my Blood. Pray for the institution of my Church, possessed by the evil that attacks it from within, that evil that hinders it from governing in full freedom. Pray for the United States, it will suffer as a victim of its own arrogance. Pray children, pray for the Middle East and for Ecuador. Beloved children, my beloved people, it is not yesterday that returns, but man brings his own purification; fruit is not harvested while it is still in its formative stage. Nothing happens before its time, everything has its time under Heaven. Everything is governed by my Will, and my Will remains in a constant movement of love toward you, finding few souls aware of the moment in which you are moving and toward which you are moving. Sodom and Gomorrah have been warned of how much they will suffer if they do not obey my Father. To today's mankind I point out the causes and consequences of the wrong use of free will by this My instrument, My prophet. He who has ears, let him listen, and he who has not, let him expect what is coming: lament after lament and trepidation after trepidation! But everything will depend on the hand and will of the very man before whom I am and have not been recognized. Beloved children, my Love remains vigilant for each of those who are mine, those whom I call upon to invoke my Mother, full of grace, the intercessor of men, the temple and tabernacle of my Holy Spirit. My Mother, in whom my people find refuge in moments of pain, my Mother, who has remained at the foot of my Cross, as those who truly love me. My beloved ones, you will hear truths unknown to you, my Love cannot withhold them, for the moment is approaching. Only by the hand of my Mother will you find me anew, and you will continue to be my people, this faithful people that I love so much. I bless you at the beginning of this Holy Week, I urge you not to tear yourselves away from my Redeeming Cross, to love one another and not to despise the one who calls you too good. Be lamps that accompany my Church at all times with prayer, penance and fasting. Turn away from what is temporal and enter into the mystery of the Heart, where you will find Me and we will be one, as My Father and I are one. I love you, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 28 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the path of my Son's people is being paved gradually. This is the moment of reaping what has been planted, each of you within yourselves must know whether you have fulfilled or not fulfilled what my Son has entrusted to you. I protected the earth when the seed was exposed in times of constant rain, so that it would not be lost. I protected the seeds from the unfavorable sun, so that they would not dry out and bear fruit. At all times I was the Mother of all mankind.... I protected my instruments chosen by the Will of the Holy Trinity to carry the Word in every age of human history. At this moment the seed has borne fruit; at this moment my Son comes to separate it from the seed that has not borne fruit and is growing as chaff among the faithful people of my Son. You continue to err because you are incapable of truly looking within yourselves. The human ego has risen mightily above each of you; there are few who seek to tear down their inner egos and allow the Holy Spirit to penetrate them completely, so that through this blessing they can be guided along the path of truth. You are a hard-hearted people, a people scourged, not only by the unkindness of nature, but also by the pride of man himself. A people suffering because you have despised your Lord and God. A nation of my children, who in that moment could not understand the importance of knowing that the moment hangs in the balance. Beloved children, how many calls to the people of my Son! And those who call themselves scholars continue to use the wisdom they claim to possess to get my children to deviate from the true and straight path. Many, many are trying to decipher the Infinite Love of my Son and my Word given to mankind in my revelations, where I revealed all that is necessary to avoid greater suffering for this generation and which I am explaining at this time. My Heart exudes love, it is love, it is the work of love of the Eternal Father, and yet I am not understood by those who call themselves my faithful, my children, my followers, and this consists in the fact that whoever follows me must first love and follow my Son with total availability. I want my children to be, above all, the faithful people of my Son; I lead you, but you must be faithful to my Son. My beloved ones, you are in a moment of moments, so expected and so announced, so explained and at the same time so feared, so revealed by me and so hidden by men, so desired by those who love me and feared by those who do not know my motherhood. But the moment is the power and jurisdiction of the Father, and this generation has abused the generosity of the Father, the Mercy of my Son, and sinned against the Spirit. Each of you is a temple of the Holy Spirit, and how it pains me to see these temples wandering and going astray all over the earth, unaware that without my Son they are nothing! In the life of man everything passes away, only my Son remains relevant from moment to moment, and just as He shed tears of blood in Gethsemane seeing that this generation was falling into perversity and degeneracy, so did He shed tears of blood to embrace you and that you would not be lost. You were unable to comprehend the greatness and infinity of my Son's love. Instead, you desire and seek to gain status among my Son's people as great heroes who destroy history containing my call to humanity, but you have forgotten that you must first be experts in love, the very love that is, was and will be, that contained, contains and will contain the Infinite Mercy of my Son for each of you. It is not the Justice of God administered by Mercy, but brought by humanity itself - a humanity, yes, painful, but at the same time a humanity that denies itself salvation. My beloved faithful, accompany my Son in this daily Calvary in which you sustain Him when you do not dare to fulfill the mission entrusted to each of you: to save and to be multipliers of my Son's words. You are still left with the seed of love and the word of my Son in your hands and do not have the courage to sow it: some because of fear, some because of human considerations, some because they do not want to be stigmatized, and some because they do not have the courage to uproot themselves from what is worldly and temporary, from what is false and sinful. This is the reason why I come to you, beloved faithful people, so that each of you may be a lamp to one who still persists immersed in the long darkness of sin, that which is worldly and deceptive. How will you be able to recognize the one who will come to be the persecutor of those who are mine, if you do not rise above yourselves, setting aside that which is not convenient for the health of your spirit? My Son's people must be faithful and remain active leading a life of constant practice of the law of Divine Love and what it entails. My beloved ones, a silence is being made present, the same silence that spoke to my Son in Gethsemane is now being made present among humanity. I urge you to pray intensely for the United States. Pray, my people, children of my Immaculate Heart, pray for Japan. My beloved ones, do not cease in your prayers for my beloved Chilean people. When the Mother turns to those who are hers, it is out of her Son's love for her people, and this is the reason why I will not cease to constantly bring you my Word. How much pain and how much weeping of those who are Mine! How this Mother's Heart is torn before the lament of the nations! How much pain is caused to Me by the man who, rejecting the love he carries within himself, throws himself like a wild beast upon the defenseless to defile them! My beloved ones, you do not go and make progress if you do not pray, you do not go and make progress if you are not aware that prayer must be constantly nourished by love for your brothers and sisters, food for those who suffer hunger, help for those who are helpless. Yes, my beloved ones, these are my people that I will present to my Son, these are those who pray practicing the law of faith, the law of love, the law of brotherhood, the law of obedience, the law of charity and the law of kindness. My beloved, arise from the mud, it is not for you, you are the work of the Father, for you my Son gave Himself, and for you I am here, I who am your mother. Do not fear, do not be afraid, be aware of the evil that you commit and be aware of all the good that, as my children and united to my Heart, you can present to my Son as the great fruit that He expects from you. I love you, I do not abandon you. Do not look at what is going on around you, rather look within yourselves, correct what you need to correct, and do not forget that the moment is approaching which you must not be afraid of, but must go out to meet, for there the owner of the vine is waiting for you. My blessing be with you, and in the silence that speaks in your being, immerse yourselves in that silence and renew yourselves. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 29 2013 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, you are the fruit of My Redemption, and it is for you that I seek to be heard. My beloved ones, darkness is already approaching, it is coming to My people, and with it confusion and chaos. Beloved ones, darkness is not only that which does not allow you to see the light, but it goes beyond that, darkness blinds your mind, your thoughts, does not allow you to reason and does not allow you to be yourselves: my true children. I am here like the sun that illuminates everything. As I do, illuminating all souls, denying absolutely no one. At this moment and in those to come, I want my children to lean on my breast, listening to the desires of my Heart, to walk, to move to the rhythm of my Heart. As my Heart beats, so let everyone be a reflection and beating of my Heart, which is nothing but my goodness. Ah my Will, which desires to keep you at my side, resting on my breast, receiving each of my teachings and making them live in this moment of confusion before which you are now! I have given you nets and more, I have given you wedding coins and more, I have given you My love to live it to the fullest in this creation of love for you. I desire a holy Church as I am holy. I desire you beside Me. Do not walk, let Me carry you in My arms, so that you walk confidently and without stumbling. I desire a Church that is guided by My Mother's love for Me and for each of you. I desire for you to be beside my Mother at the foot of the Cross at every moment. Next to her, next to the fullness of grace, next to your Advocate, next to the Mediatrix of all graces, next to the Queen of Heaven, next to the Advocate of all people, next to the Queen and Lady of creation, next to that woman who not only gave birth to me in her womb, but with me and in me to each of you; my Mother pure and without blemish, my Mother.... next to her I desire you, next to her guide, your example, next to the one who interceded for those who were less privileged, next to the one who took care of the most personal affairs of those who are mine so that I could care for them. Wasn't she the one who interceded at Cana, wasn't she the one who forgave in her heart in My Name, and through that I also forgave in her heart? O Jerusalem, do not weep over me, weep over yourself! my Mother, my Mother desires that each of you, my children, love me, and I call upon you with all my Love to love my Mother. Her Immaculate Heart will lead my Church to victory and defeat evil. I call upon my faithful people not to forget that they have a Mother and she is the symbol of my true children. Here beside me I desire you to rest on my breast, to penetrate the inner silence and in this way you will be able to hear my voice. Let nothing trouble you, children, my Mother remains with my people. I bless you, I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 31 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in one Divine Love, in the unity of our Hearts and in unity in the Infinite Mystery, we cry out to each human being before the urgent need to become aware of his inner spiritual state. Beloved, a person's behavior sets him or her on a course of action, but this does not exempt or free him or her from falling or abiding in what is wrong. It is the inner mystery within the human person that signifies the presence of my Holy Spirit, when that presence works within the guidelines I have established for my people, the guidelines of love, without which man will not be able to be a faithful copy of my Love. I am the same One who in the past spoke to the prophets and dictated the Commandments to His people.... I am the same One who yesterday, in complete unity in the mystery of the Holy Trinity, became man and gave Himself for the redemption of all men.... I am the One who moves and strives constantly in everyone, drawing you to Myself to deliver you from evil.... I am He who is, the same yesterday, today and always.... I am the One who created, the One who became man, the One who lives in each of you, the One who comes for what is His: 'my people'.... I am love and justice, justice and mercy, mercy and forgiveness.... I am He who gives justice measured according to the deeds of each person.... I am He who has waited, waits and will wait for His children without tiring.... My beloved ones, it is not with an exalted human ego that you reach me, but with a contrite and humble heart, with a desire to improve, with faith and hope that I will not abandon you. My people have gone through long and painful paths, marked out and marked by the acceptance of false gods, which led them to face desolation and crucible. This moment is no different from the previous ones, this moment details all of man's previous behaviors and imposes them on him, and increases his ignorance and thus his transgressions and crimes. I am coming for what is mine, I am coming in my Second Coming for my people.... for those who remain before me in spirit and truth, without falsehood or duplicity, but in a constant act of adoration toward me. Children, what surrounds you has been transformed by you, triggering a reaction of purification, a product of the irresponsible actions of humanity, which, as the fruit of its own conduct, is fit to receive the complete fulfillment of my Mother's announcement throughout the earth, despised by my own Church, which I have called not only to pray, but to intercede for each other, at this moment in which the door of pain remains open. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, with what ease do you accuse one another, taking the rod in your hand and forgetting your own mistakes! Woe to those who constantly crucify my Son, crucifying Him in their brothers and sisters! Woe to those who, without mercy, transgress against God's Mercy and pour out their errors on the people of my Son, confusing them and dragging them to perdition! Woe to those who, in these moments of bitterness for all mankind, bitterness which they drank in seclusion and which has now been poured out in an overflowing and abundant manner as atonement for the purification of this generation, foster division and falsity in their word! Man's arrogance has led him to ignorance and placed him before demons who move with the complete freedom and acquiescence of mankind, promoting and spreading every class of vices and horrors of the flesh. Greater degeneracy has not occurred before; it has pierced the mind of man dominated by evil. Satan has not stopped only at those who are not consecrated, but has moved on to the consecrated, taking those who are not faithful to my Son, in order to ravish the faithful, who will be the victims of great persecution and betrayal. The consternation will be so great that desolation will affect even those faithful to my Immaculate Heart, so I implore you to constantly consecrate yourselves to my Immaculate Heart. Children, the moment is running out, and humanity will be greatly purified.... I do not come to you with another call before a truth that I cannot hide, a truth previously mentioned and explained at this time in the present language, so that my children do not say: I do not understand! The side of my Son is doubly pierced and my Heart is wounded time and again. I call upon my apostles of this moment, with devotion, united to my Divine Son, to be lamps filled with oil and not to limit their brightness, but to be true mirrors in which my Son sees Himself. This moment is not for the lukewarm, for demons cast themselves not only on those who are lukewarm, but on all souls. This moment is for those who, as apostles of these moments and united with me, give themselves in a continuous act, not only of reparation, but of sacrifice and action, to save their brothers and sisters: my children. Look at this beggar of love.... look at my Son, He is coming for His people, but not without this people looking at themselves first. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray for one another so that confusion does not lead you to fall. Pray for the leaders of the great nations, so that the spirit of evil does not lead them to develop the great scourge of war. My beloved people, I bless you and urge you not to forget my Mother, who calls you. Your Jesus and Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 04 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my motherhood spreads over all humanity as the sun spreads its light. I call upon you to maintain constant spiritual vigilance against the dangers of the insidious evil that pervades the minds of those who desire power and supremacy. Pray, My beloved ones, great is the scourge that reaches humanity. My beloved ones, free will has made deep and great cracks of spiritual destruction, which humanity cannot stop without being aware of them. My beloved sons, My priests, will raise their voices to warn those who are Mine, until evil begins its persecution and martyrdom of My faithful. The people of My Son, deprived of dominion and lost, have fallen into sin, establishing and thus bringing upon themselves lukewarmness and meanness. Beloved, do not struggle alone to rediscover the way to my Son, I will guide you, ask me to accompany you. Humanity has lost its way. Man's personal and spiritual order has fallen, and without God's help you will not regain it. Beloved, in these moments you are empty temples, a faithful reflection of the decay that accompanies you, temples that go without direction, temples that shine without life. The power of sin brings down and shuts down the soul, seizing the human will when it resists obedience and instruction. You do not see sin as such, but as a way of engaging and accepting in the depravity that prevails in societies, the fetor that flows through the land and kills the spirit. Your conscience has become closed to Divine Calls. The foretold moments are already coming, the heart of man has become corrupted, a darkness that progresses without ceasing, completely polluting the Heart of your being. Life is despised, innocence is rejected and withered in those who are not the crystal vessels in which my Son rejoices. Pray, children, pray for Chile. Pray, children, for Japan. Pray for the United States. Godlessness is the devil's weapon; by means of it he has executed my faithful. Be constantly praying souls, lovers and worshipers of the Divine Heart. I help those who allow me to help. Beloved children, food for the soul is obedient love. I protect you, do not be afraid, the darkness is passing away, and united with Me you will see the earth cleansed. In My Heart I keep you protected. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 08 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Blessing spills over all creation, I emanate my Love to my children. I do not come to ask for commitment unless it is nourished by surrender to My Will, that surrender that prepares man to see Me in everything, even in what he does not understand, because human sight cannot see My Plan of Salvation. You live constantly, from moment to moment, in the constant act of offering My House to you.... and you do not see it. Humanity, you seek your Christ where you should not, and you seek Me where you should not! You have departed from My Word, you have exchanged it for personal desire, and you do not understand that I do not offer Myself for one, but for all. My Cross is not for one, but for all mankind, that mankind that I sought thirsting for love and obedience. This obedience I do not find, except in those who are simple and humble of heart. Beloved children, division is the weapon of evil, and it has penetrated first and foremost the heart of man, separating him from me. Human pride does not give way, but resists, dragged along by evil until it becomes the first cause of division. In this moment, which is not a moment, there is a battle going on, and I, Infinite Love, watch you go in human will, embellished by free will, easily forgetting my orders. As the ocean comes and goes in its incessant tide, so people take me and forget me. Man is an empire forged in my Father's love for all, so that man achieves Salvation without forgetting that he lives in unity and brotherhood. I have been thrown out of this empire, my throne has been usurped and I have been stripped of my liturgical vestments, replacing them with human ego. The same one that in the past brought my people to their downfall, the same one that in an instant is encroaching in the midst of my children and dragging them until it annihilates my Will in each of them. The freedom you yearn for is not my freedom; the freedom that man seeks is the debauchery and debauchery for which this generation yearns incessantly. I do not oppress my people; I have foreseen their future, which I know they themselves have caused. The plagues advance one after another without ceasing, from land to land, from nation to nation, from person to person, and you do not truly repent. Pray, my beloveds, pray for France. Pray, my beloveds, pray for the Czech Republic and Slovakia, they will suffer. Pray, my beloveds, pray for Guatemala, she will suffer. Children, darkness has obscured the sight of man, and with it reason and the Heart have been darkened to the maximum, falsifying My Will according to human convenience, falsifying My Word, condoning sin and moral decadence. My people, I will not abandon you, you will not give up, even if you feel you are weakening, you are not alone, I go before you, my faithful. Do not separate yourselves from me, do not be deceived. Listen to me, do not be afraid. Do not be disobedient to my calls, lest confusion separate you from me. Love me truly, so that those who are confused will not lead you to perdition. I will bring to light someone who, with My Word in his mouth, will be the sword that tames evil and its creatures, so that those who are Mine will not be confused; he will defend you, and My Love will be marked by My presence in him. Water and fire will be the purifiers of what you have polluted; purification comes from on high. I am waiting for my people, like a Father who waits for his son who returns repentant. I bless you, my beloved ones. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 12 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal love keeps my Heart constantly pouring out blessings for all. My Love has no limits. Each of those who are Mine is a lamp sent to illuminate what is around you. You must not fear that which makes you watch and suffer, but that which facilitates and eases your passage through the earth. Those who are mine are subjected to trials, as a requirement for the growth and development of their spirit and their faith, as a strong foundation for them to grow. Children, every moment brings you closer to facing the narrow path where one is strengthened or where one willfully turns away from the joy of the spirit. The earth has accelerated its transformation in its desire to remain in the Divine Will, being part of the trial that man will face. Fire rushes in without being seen, and reaches man, a torture that man himself has created. Atomic energy is a scourge born from the hand of man against himself, bringing pain and immeasurable suffering to a humanity devoid of consciousness. Water agitates and rushes without mercy towards the one who has wronged his creator. Human wickedness is the fruit of contempt for my Son and for that which lives in accordance with God's Will. Beloved children, the apocalyptic rider rides steadfastly, without stopping, bringing the destruction of all mankind closer, steadfastly and surely. The godlessness of man against man reveals the decadent spiritual state of this generation steeped in sin and inflamed by modernism: 'false gods', bearers of pain and degeneracy, who have entered the depths of societies. Today's evil is not the evil of the past; it has grown, it has taken on a new form so that you will not recognize it, and so that it can seize human beings in this way, revealing the great weakness of man: 'the desire to rule,' and with it the conception of mass rule over humanity. Beloved children, a force has arisen that deceives man, puts him in the clutches of Satan, and pretends unity in order to lead you towards eternal death. The name of man has been supplanted by a number that increases the dominion of those who hold great powers in their hands. One power reigns over the world, a power that brings death to conscience, love and the essence of man; it carries godlessness before it, and falsehood feeds it. Pain constantly weighs over man and gives him no peace. Beloved children, pray for the United States. Pray for Korea. Pray for Jamaica. Beloved ones, keep unity, do not judge one another, be love. That love which is born from my Heart for you. Receive my Blessing. I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 13 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, you are My great flock of sheep, whom I guard as the great shepherd that I am. In this generation the greatness I will find in man will be perseverance. A good disposition will be a jewel, attachment to me will be locked in the heart of man. In this generation, knowing me will be a hindrance to the one who manifests it, hence the one who persists with me will be a hero. Therefore, my tools owe it to me to lead my people with fidelity and without fear, for I have chosen them for this moment and not for another. Beloved children, mankind will not enter into my mystery until it knows me and dwells in me. A people living without me will be more besieged by evil every moment, because they will be weakened in their faith. The moment of truth, in which you will see yourselves as you are, will be a resurrection and a moment of grace. The ruthless persecution of my people is coming with lightning speed from the hand of the persecutors of my Church. I will remain present in my creatures, you will not live in solitude. I am the love that invades your being, so that loneliness will not penetrate you and discouragement will not overcome you. Do not be afraid, I am present in each of you, with the strength of my Love. Pray, children, for Japan, she will suffer. Pray for England, she will suffer. My beloved ones, the signs of the times do not go unnoticed, nor do human acts that bring global suffering closer. I send you help from on high, but you bring purification from on high. You are my people, the pupil of my eye. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 15 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I keep you constantly under my protective mantle, which I have extended over all of this suffering and sinful humanity. These are moments of tribulation for this entire generation, moments in which you will be severely purified, not only by the hand of my Son, but by all the plagues that manifest and remain among you. My beloved, today I especially encourage those who remain in my prayer groups, who are my faithful. I encourage you to be true and to love one another as the true brothers and sisters that you are. I encourage you to respect each other and love the responsibilities and tasks that each of you has in each mission. In this way, all of you are extremely important in these moments. Unity is food for communities, unity is food for brotherhood. My beloved ones, I cannot bring you or address you with mere words of love and mercy to a humanity that persistently ignores the calls of my Son and my calls. The moments of trial are approaching, so numerous that you yourselves will be amazed..., you will seek and move from one place to another, and you will find no consolation. My beloved ones, pray the Holy Rosary. Receive my Son, the Divine food that constantly strengthens you. You will find no greater food than the Body and Blood of my beloved Son. You seek me, you seek me and you do not find me.... it is because you do not turn to my Son, and by not turning to Him, you do not find a Mother without a son. My Son's Church will be purified, it will be severely tested in the coming moments, disobedience severely undermines and harms my Son's Church, and the Church does not try to delve into the source of all the evil that has afflicted it and threatens it from long ago. My beloved ones, I urge you to pray earnestly for Brazil. I urge you to pray for Japan, which will suffer greatly. I encourage you to pray for world peace. My beloved ones, be aware of the moment in which you are living, do not be indifferent to what is happening because of those minds that dominate humanity. Do not be arrogant, do not go on as if nothing is happening; open your heart, this heart that evil has softened and weakened, open it to my Son to declare to you what His will is, and to heed His calls and summons that I, as Mother, bring to you. Prepare yourselves, but do not be concerned only with your personal spiritual life, but care and toil for the spirit and soul of your brothers and sisters, do not seek only your personal spiritual good, but the good of the brotherhood, take care to help your brothers and sisters spiritually, otherwise spiritual selfishness will make you fall. At this point you must be of one heart: the heart of my Son, and in it you must remain united with me for the benefit of your brothers and sisters, for the benefit of all those who remain here on earth beside you. Sacrifice yourselves, but not out of pain, sacrifice yourselves out of love, and what you do not yet understand, which was the Will of my Son, love, love, even if you do not understand. Do not be like those who come before my Son to tell Him that they love Him, and when confronted with His Holy Will, as proud and arrogant as possible, do not understand it or do not accept it, and get carried away by very human emotions. My beloved ones, closer to you is the moment of personal truth, that moment that will make you see yourselves unmasked, that moment that is a blessing and a mercy, because there you will see yourselves as you are, and you will be able to tell yourself whether you have acted in truth or whether you have maintained a mediocre spirituality and false religiosity. My beloved ones, these are not moments to look at the works and deeds of your brothers and sisters, but moments to look at your own personal behavior, personal and in this continuous growth, merging with my Son and after merging with my Son, allowing me to protect you and guide you without deviation. I love you, but as Mother I must speak the truth to you. I bless you, remain united. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 20 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive my Blessing, you are all my children. You are moving forward without stopping in your constant coming and going on earth. The deceiver knows what man is like inside and has made him passive, preventing him from expressing and showing himself in truth. Beloved, the cup of gall and vinegar has been given to a humanity devoid of reality, in moments of affliction and pain, in which you must not separate, but remain vigilant, not deviating from the true path. Divine wrath is rushing towards this generation that cries out for justice. The misuse of science will cause a serious plague that will destroy part of the world's population. My beloved ones, do not make mistakes, do not fall prey to sensationalism, you are my people. Darkness grows with the scourge born in the laboratory; human pride dominates humanity and imposes birth pains. From the Orient comes horror for the simple heart. Pain is purification. Beloved, pray for Finland, she will suffer. Pray for Japan, she will suffer. Unite, intercede for one another, and I will lead you to meet my Son at His Second Coming. Do not be distracted by worldly things, be more of my Son and less of the world. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 24 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, my hand remains outstretched toward you to guide you to my Son in those moments when the aberration of humanity plunges you into the perpetual abyss of sin. Beloved children, a heavy cross is coming to you: the cross of purification, the cross of pain. Do not forget that pain is atonement, and atonement makes you turn your gaze to my Son, to His Love, to His mercy. The bitter cup of tribulation has been poured out on you. Sin, in its various forms, has brought you this heavy cross that you carry today. This moment is a moment of moments that I have proclaimed in every place where, by the grace of my Son, I have been present. As Mother, I do not abandon you, but I warn you to return to the path and not stray again. My beloved ones, the waters will rise again and cause great destruction. Pray, do not forget that prayer minimizes what will happen. Prayer is always answered by Me. Go to receive my Son in the sacrament of the Eucharist. Remain with Him and pray the Holy Rosary, for this is the weapon with which you repel the forces of evil. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for the United States. They will suffer greatly. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for England. It will suffer, it will suffer. Children, remain united, do not separate. My Son's Church must remain united with my Son, do not accept modernism, but on the contrary, adhere to my Son's instructions, do not forget the Commandments, be people of peace and love. In this way you will be better children, better parents, better brothers and sisters and better citizens of the world. Remain attentive to the signs of nature. She warns you constantly. Be in solidarity with those who are suffering, who are experiencing trials and tribulations, because events will happen largely one after the other and this will not give you time to help each other. Do not see the pain of your brothers and sisters as something distant, but feel it as your own, because all of humanity will be purified. My beloved ones, I: your Mother, remain before each of you and guide you towards my Son. My maternal love remains open to all humanity. All are my children and I welcome everyone into my Immaculate Heart. I do not want the fires of hell to consume you. My Love desires to welcome everyone, my Heart is the Ark of Salvation. Do not hesitate to turn to Me. I, your Mother, love you. Do not hesitate to ask for my intercession in those moments when mankind is rapidly moving toward an encounter with its own effect and the result of its sin. My beloved ones, sin is a magnet that brings misfortune to each of you, so I am constantly calling on you to change your ways, so that you bring blessings upon yourselves. Be love, be unity, do not forget that my Son commanded you to love one another, to be united, in solidarity with one another and humble. At this moment, I call upon you again, as my Son calls upon you, to form that indestructible wall which you must build upon the love of my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing remains with you, do not attach yourselves to what is material, that is transient. Seek the Kingdom of God, and the rest will be given to you. Whoever abides in connection with my Son should not fear, He provides what is needed. The mind of those who distance themselves from my Son will bring great pain due to the death of the innocent. Pray from now on for those innocents who will die. Be a beacon of light that brings blessing, love and peace on earth. Be souls consecrated to my Immaculate Heart and offer your sufferings every day for what is approaching humanity. Do not forget that my Son loves you, do not forget that I remain before you, do not turn away from me. Here I am, your Mother, and I protect you with my mantle, I bless you and cover you. My blessing be with each of you and with those who, hearing My Word, begin anew and return to the true path: the path of light, turning away from darkness. My blessing be with you, beloved children. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 29 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my people! I love you, you are my children. Walk with confidence in me. Keep hope and do not let your faith falter; be assured that all are my children, and I call all equally. My beloved people, the great Goliath of this generation stands before you: nuclear energy. It will cause havoc, it will be a plague to all who are Mine, it will penetrate your skin and even your insides. How much My Heart suffers in the face of what awaits you! I will lift you up, I will raise you up in the midst of this suffering and save My faithful people. My Love will make you live a life of joy in the midst of tribulation. Spiritual blindness darkens your reason and thoughts and hardens the hearts of those who hold power in their hands. The heavy cross opens its way among my people, but they are not lost, my people are not lost, I will save them if they repent and return to me with a firm resolve to improve. My beloved people, I am the same yesterday, the same today, the same tomorrow. Enough is enough! Resolve to cast out of your hearts that which is worldly, that which does not allow you to see clearly and have the strength to face what is contrary to My Commandments and My Love. This is a moment of prayer, penance and fasting. My Heart is afflicted and bleeding because of all that you will suffer. Pray, beloved children, pray for Lima, she will suffer. Pray, beloved children, Russia will bring pain to humanity. Pray, beloved children, pray for Italy, she will suffer great pain. Do not be inattentive, be vigilant, spiritual turmoil is knocking at the door of each of those who are Mine, but do not hesitate. Do not forget that I am the truth, do not let false ideologies make you spiritually blind to the snares of the devil, who sows pain among My people. My beloved ones, repent, convert, My strength is pouring out on My people. Pray and come to Me continually. Do not forget that I am Love and forgiveness. Death will approach the old continent. Pray, pray, My beloved ones. I warn you, for I love you, I foretell you what is coming, for I love my people, for I am who I am.... My Spirit constantly remains in you, do not despise it, do not despise it. He is present in your Hearts to bring you true freedom: my freedom. Do not be afraid, you know that I love you, that I rejoice in the repentance of each of my children, but you must be strong in the face of this difficult moment, in the face of the selfishness of man who cannot look beyond himself. Do not remain immersed in sin, keep your lamps lit, do not forget that my Love is stronger than death. I come to knock at the door, open to Me the door of your heart, I will lift you up with My hands, for I am your God and you are My people. Do not forget, my beloved ones, that you will hear talk of false peace, while later the suffering and death of my children will grow and increase. Pray, my children, invite me into your lives, I love you, I am your Lord. Allow Me to remain united with you. My Love is not finished, my Love grows and does not end. My Love calls out to you, my Love calls out for its people. I Bless each of you, I send you My Peace and I encourage you to remain united in one heart of love and commitment. May My Blessing remain with My people. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 02 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved ones, be reflections of my Love, and the rest will be given to you. Beloved children, live in unity with my House, and every obstacle will be overcome. Love for Me overcomes every obstacle that comes in the way. Those who have distorted and misinterpreted my love are unable to find that force that moves what exists: my true love. Nature mourns in the midst of her pain the ignorance of those who are Mine, pouring out the fire that bubbles up and burns in volcanoes. Remain alert to the power of the great nations. These, manipulating science, create cataclysms and with the effects of the natural disasters caused, exercise power over My children in moments of tribulation, thus achieving their goal: to establish one government with a false effort to help each other, and will distance you from My Heart with one religion that offers debauchery and earthly power. This is how the usurper of my people will act, centralizing human acts and works in his infernal clutches, ruling over the consciences of the lukewarm and those who say they love me without being true. Pray for world peace. Pray for Argentina, she will suffer. Pray for Colombia, she will cry. Pray for Italy, she will suffer. Beloved ones, the moment will come when you will not see each other as brothers and sisters, you will not respect brotherhood; community will be something unknown, because selfishness will prevail, plunging you into an individual struggle for survival. My people know me, they do not feed on uncertainty, but on my peace. Do not listen to those who foretell the end of the world, but listen to my Word, which is eternal life, calling you to repentance before the purification of this generation and before my second coming, which he who loves me does not fear, but desires. Some people mock my words, they do not distinguish between darkness and my joy. Their lack of abiding in me has led them to ignorance, they walk plunged in spiritual ignorance, unable to discern that the light of my Love troubles them through their lack of abiding in me. Beloved children, remain attentive in Spirit. He who recognizes Me is moved to compassion for souls who ignore the light provided by a life united with Me. My people remain united, my children gather around me, carrying the strength of my Love, knowing that evil shatters unity, my people continue their journey in absolute brotherhood. All are my children, I came for all. It is man himself who accepts me or rejects me. I do not knock once, but as many times as necessary. I come for souls, not for one, but for all. My peace be in you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 06 2013 - Jesus Christ
My people, my beloved people! Beloved children, my Blessing remains with you. My Voice feeds my people and my fold finds comfort.... when the path of my children is darkened, I send you my Love like the sun at noon, so that you do not go astray. Humanity succumbs, walking without Me; it has developed in what is worldly and has forgotten that it has a soul, and the soul without Me is forgotten, despised by wicked desires. And it is no longer the soul that reigns, but the wicked desires that create people without conscience, who see no evil in anything and go from offense to offense against me, not knowing how much I suffer for you. My children are persecuted for remaining faithful. Children, confusion is reaching you, do not go astray, be strong and do not doubt the protection of My House. My Mother is the Mother of humanity and will not abandon you. My Church will continue its purification, a division is coming, and those who are Mine must redouble their prayers, sacrifice and remain in My presence, lest they fall and be confused. Know my Word, so that you will not be discouraged, no matter how strong the winds may be; you will be assured that in the end my Church will be adorned with the finest garments, and I will come for it. Science will amaze, through the might of the great powers, mankind, which is a helpless victim of the pride of some. Pain is approaching mankind, and mankind dare not raise its voice before what will be a catastrophe. Nuclear energy will be the horror of mankind, the scourge of plagues, mindlessness in its highest expression. Remain in me, abandon sin. I am waiting for you with patience, I am constantly coming to meet your needs and I am reaching out to you, liberating you from evil. Children, be steadfast in the Spirit, do not turn away from true Salvation, return to the way, so that you may be strengthened by my Spirit. Preserve unity, it is an invincible barrier at times when evil hurls itself at those who are Mine, seeking to destroy you. These are hard times for my faithful, do not fall, no matter how strong the winds. You know that I unite with those who turn to me, truly repentant. Remain strong and do not waver in the face of confusion. Know that my Word is eternal and I return for those who are mine.... A king cannot reign without his people. Turn to my Mother, do not forget that you must consecrate yourselves to her Immaculate Heart. Pray, my Mother hears you, you are her children, do not forget this. I do not abandon you, my help will come like water to the fields, unexpectedly. You will find the help you need, so that you do not lose spirit in this tribulation. Keep the faith, do not despair. Look to the heights, where I dwell, do not forget. My beloved ones, pray for Japan, she will suffer. Humanity: how you have offended Me! You have abandoned me, banished me, offending me greatly; you have dictated laws, harming me constantly. My beloved people, come to me, comfort my Heart, I will comfort you constantly, do not lose faith. I come for my people. I love you, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 13 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, together with my Heart on this special day, raise your voice and ask the Holy Spirit to accept this request of mine, so that each personal consecration you renew on this day to my Immaculate Heart will raise your consciousness and understanding, so that you will discern the moment in which you are living and fully grasp the depth of this call of mine. I assure those who consecrate themselves conscious of what they promise that they will be guarded by Me, so that they will not perish if they persevere in faith. My call at Fatima is addressed to all humanity, to all men, women, youth and children of this generation. It is not addressed to a specific area, but to all of humanity, which must awaken, realize and change the course of events before it is too late. In travail, I have made an urgent call in search of world peace; I have called on you to join forces so that you do not destroy each other, thus avoiding a third world war, which, as you can see, with the weapons that the great powers possess, can destroy three quarters of humanity in a very short time. This is not a fantasy, but a hard reality. I am a Mother recognized by the Church of my Son, but whose words are silenced. I am a Mother without a voice. I left this generation, my love, with a complete message of warning, change and a new dawn for humanity, but I have been silenced, my secret has been shattered and is still not known in its entirety. The third secret given by me at Fatima is not only a foreshadowing of the birth pains in which complete purification will take place, but it is an encouraging announcement to those who will accept my call and change the direction of their actions, raising their voice so that the powers will stop creating deadly weapons that will bring the greatest pain to all mankind, to the earth in an instant, and annihilate nature, the work of God's hand. If man does not change, if you do not turn to my Son, war will be the punishment for the sin by which mankind has given itself into the clutches of the devil, which will lead mankind to commit the cruelest crimes and wickedness will reign everywhere. Famine will spread like the wind, the innocent will be taken away by their traveling companions who have remained present throughout human history, and again those who live in the Will of God will intervene for the sake of those who suffer the consequences of man's ruthless teaching. My faithful children will again be persecuted, Churches will be closed, Freemasonry will spread its horrors infiltrated into my Son's home on Earth, from which he will be expelled. The blood of the righteous will wipe out the sin of the ungodly. The consecration of Russia to my Immaculate Heart did not take place as I asked: the Vicar of Rome united with the bishops of the world and all the faithful at the same time and in unity. Russia, beloved by me, will spread its errors all over the world and there will be lamentation when it is too late. My sons-priests, submerged in the failures of society, will devote themselves to involvement in their communities, carrying before them no spirituality, only socialization. The formation houses of My beloved priests will be invaded by modernism, distorting the true mysticism and Spirituality they should lead. A great impostor will occupy the throne of my Son, and most will look on with satisfaction. The liturgy will be saturated with modernism, which will offend the Sacred Heart of my Son three times over..., and I will be exiled. Humanity is in grave danger, Communism has changed its face, it has made agreements with sects that remain in the very Church of my Son, undermining the authority of my Vicars, to the point that one of them fled amidst the corpses of its faithful Cardinals and Bishops, the Church has suffered the most serious apostasy before the earthly power that usurped the Throne of Peter on earth. Those of my children who remain under my protection and keep faith in the promise of Salvation given by me to those who live in faithfulness, will be those who, in the midst of the power descending from on high, will accompany my Son at his second coming, will be the holy remnant who, gathered under the great shepherd, will see with joy and amidst applause the final triumph of the true Church. I do not abandon My children, I warn them. My Heart bleeds in the face of the silence of those who have not revealed the totality of My call at Fatima, through which the pain of My children could be avoided. Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, return to this Mother, I suffer for you, I do not want you to be lost or to suffer at the hands of the devil and his followers. You have already been attacked by several antichrists, do not cling to what will lead you to hell. The breaking of the Third Message of Fatima was a grave mistake: a disobedience that infallibly gave birth to this grim moment of this generation. As Mother, I lovingly receive the manifestations of my children, my children whom I carry in my Heart and for whom I gave and give these secrets, and for whom I continued and continue to traverse the world and carry from one land to another this message of mine, so that you will not be lost. My beloved ones, into the hands of the hierarchy of the Church of my Son, of whom I am protector and Mother, I entrust the rest of my anxious call. I bless my children, I bless their families and I encourage them to look up. From heaven will come warning, and from heaven will come blessing and truth. I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 16 2013 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my peace be with every heart. Prayer is balm for the soul in moments of pain and in moments of thanksgiving. My children come to Me when pain knocks at their door, forgetting that they are in the world they are traversing, because I come for My people. They are in the world, but they are not of the world! ... how many turn away, sacrificing themselves to proclaim that what I announced has not come true! They will lament, living what I announced, and they did not prepare, did not change, did not change their lives, leading them to dissipate in what is worldly and sinful, offending me constantly. The conscience has been twisted by immoral modernization, falling into the trap of total indulgence of the flesh. Men dress like women, and women have appropriated men's clothing. At the moment, this generation is constantly crucifying me. In my lament, I see churches that are empty, and those that are not, are still empty, because there are few who come with dignity and joy to participate in the Eucharistic Sacrifice. Coming to my Home has become a social act rather than an act of love, and this offends me greatly. Corruption undermines governments on earth, foolish people will lead humanity to suffer because of the arrogance and ignorance of their rulers, they will mourn the horror they will cause. They have introduced their arrogant ideals, rotten and indiscriminate, with reforms contrary to My Commandments, pretending to be kind to the nations, although behind them comes a shadow that harms, overwhelms and freezes thinking. Communism: the scourge of the past and the scourge of the present; it has grown and is growing. What kind of people will stop it? The cry of the aborted innocents spreads throughout the land that receives them, and the earth laments with them. This will be the destiny that mankind has chosen, weeping will overwhelm them when they see the heinous sins committed against the gift of life. It will be a mirror that they will not be able to hide, the consciousness will be present in everyone, and the deeds and works they have committed will be the mockery of souls in an instant; the life of each of them will be present before it, with no possibility of escape from this act of my Mercy. A second will seem like an eternity, human time will stop and for a moment you will live in time of denial toward Me, toward My Mother and toward yourselves. Merchants will be driven out of my House with the severity of my Love. Those who have despised my Mother will come to know her greatness and will plunge into deep pain for having offended her. The warning will be completely personal, and everyone will live their mistakes. My Mercy is waiting for you, so I am warning you. Beloved children, do not disregard these calls or take them with contempt, My Word is fulfilled in My time, My Words are not in vain. My faithful do not fear, but wait for me with joy, they know that they are loved and protected by me. I will wait for the arrival of those who are mine until the last moment. The awakening of the inner fire of the earth will shake man, cry out to my Mother. Beloved, pray for Mexico, it will suffer and lament. Pray for Japan, she is polluting the earth. Beloved ones, the sun is exhaling its heat and suffering will reach the defenseless earth. My children, turn to Me, do not turn away, trust Me, you are My sheepfold that I love and as a shepherd of souls I watch over you so that you do not get lost. My Love goes out to meet those who seek me. The future is uncertain if you stay away from Me. The future is an assurance of joy for those who love Me in spirit and truth. Do not forget that after the darkness the sun of my Love comforts those who are mine. Do not lose heart, my strength is the strength of each of you. Look high, lift your souls without fear. My people, walk cautiously, for the enemy sends his allies on your path to lose you, to make you fall into sin and separate you from Me. Do not turn away from the mission that each of you has before you. Do not be afraid, someone will come to the aid of my people, someone who, loving me, will help you and defend you from the clutches of hell. Live in unity and do not forget that time is a moment. Time is shorter than man thinks. I, your Jesus, do not abandon you, you are my children. What kind of Father abandons his children? my Blessing be in the Heart of each of you and in the reasoning of each of you, so that, united with each other, you will be one battalion of my invincible and unique love. I seal you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Perish you so that you fall into sin and separate you from me. Do not turn away from the mission that each of you has before you. Do not be afraid, someone will come to the aid of my people, someone who, loving me, will help you and defend you from the clutches of hell. Live in unity and do not forget that time is a moment. Time is shorter than man thinks. I, your Jesus, do not abandon you, you are my children. What kind of Father abandons his children? my Blessing be in the Heart of each of you and in the reasoning of each of you, so that, united with each other, you will be one battalion of my invincible and unique love. I seal you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 23 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, may the blessings of Heaven be with each of you. Receive my love, united with the merciful love of my Son. Turn to my Son present in the Tabernacle and feed on His Body and Blood, live this constant miracle of love for all mankind. My beloved ones, the serene man is born of right thinking, emanating toward the Heart, whose grace is found in the path of truth. The moment has come when sin spreads like the wind, even without wind; it spreads like dust, even without dust. Evil has grown without limit and has impoverished the soul, darkening it, and with the human will has led it to become a tool that the evil one uses to bring people closer to the pit from which rebellion against what God's Will represents emerges. Children: do not be afraid, be warriors in spirit, fight against the evil actions and insinuations of the enemy of man. Falling and rising is something for children who are trusting in Divine mercy, except that this falling halts spiritual development in creation and leads them to fall again in new and unimaginable situations, which will cause you to again exert more effort for what led you to fall away from Divine Will. Man's instincts are strong, and you have a duty, as spiritual men and women, to overcome temptation by assuming the responsibility of knowledge and understanding and the clarity of this mother's word. You are adult children to your brothers and sisters and infants to yourselves; you judge your brothers and sisters with a rod of iron, but when temptation reaches you, you are infants, because, like those who are vulnerable, you succumb to the seduction of Satan, Satan who knows beforehand how much he influences the spiritual man, so much so that it can mean a complete detachment from the right and true path. The beast is cunning, he does not present man with roads that man overcomes with effort, but presents roads where spiritual man had to fight in the past as a man in old clothes that he wore for a large part of his life. The renewed man is tested, but he is not overcome, he is not seduced, he is not defeated; the new man recognizes temptation and turns away with as much speed as one who knows he has a treasure in his hands and can lose it in an instant. Beloved, all the efforts on your part to overcome the shackles of the past, all these efforts are at the same time a challenge to the devil, who sends more of his own to fight against the faithful children and put them to the test again and again. Beloved children of my Heart, the plague is advancing amidst the silence and darkness of the majority consciousness. The plague, which humiliates the soul and completely hardens the senses of man, overtakes the gullibility and indifference of mankind. The fear of God is cast out of man's heart, and immorality gains unimaginable strength. You, my faithful, my army, be steadfast in your attachment to my Heart. In it you will find strength and bastion, oar and boat, shelter, light and definition, comfort and refuge. I do not call on you to live once yes and once no on the straight path. I call on you to persevere. Legions of demons lash out at man, knowing the weakness of each of you, where you are weakest, and that is where they attack with full force. The coming moment will cause you to rise up against each other, parents against children, and in this way families united in the love of my Son will be tempted and fall apart. The devil does not attack man with gentle weapons, but with the strongest one, which is disunity. My beloved, if you remain strengthened in the security of my Motherhood, if you feed on the Eucharistic Sacrifice and faith in God's absolute power over all that exists, if you live it and carry it in your interior, in your conscience, in your thoughts, in your reason and in your heart, nothing will defeat you. Man's defeat begins when man in the face of the devil's snares breaks down, when he sees temptation as attractive to free will or as a triumph of the human ego. My beloved ones, the prayer of the Holy Rosary is just more than that, it is a weapon with which you fight and a weapon against which the devil flees, provided that it is offered with devotion and, above all, with faith and awareness, in a state of grace and with faith in the grace with which the Father, Son and Holy Spirit have covered me and endowed me to be the Mother, the help of all men. All is not lost, the battle continues, and defeating the devil remains in the hands of each of you. Man is one whole in the vast universe, he is not just a being who wanders without a path, rather he is the pupil in the eye of my Son, and when a human being cries out to my Son, he takes her like his most precious creation and places her before him to raise her up and make her better at every moment. Fraternity will be a stronghold among the nations when man is humble and kneels before God and not before the Caesar of a multiform life of sin, then fraternity will prevail, after the great purification of man, when his natural and spiritual senses return to their rightful measure. The foolishness of mankind is what led it to confront its own spiritual decline, until man repents and fully recognizes God, he cannot be a true child of God. Beloved, repentance is a grace, and you must ask the Holy Spirit for it, except that it is sought by you after great suffering. True freedom will come, the Divine Will reigning over all creation, will come after man is confronted with his own abomination and recognizes his error. My Son will command time to stop and time will come to a standstill, except that it will stop so that man will see his actions before him and recognize the good and evil with which he acted, experiencing the horror of sin and enjoying the grace of good deeds in warning. Beloved ones, I speak to you, explaining to you the word of my Son out of love for those whom I accepted as my children at the foot of the Cross. The coming moments are grim for those who do not love and wait. Hunger and privation are not a thing of the past, nor are they a matter of the distant future, they are before you. Apparent economic stability is a veil that evil and its allies maintain for a short time. Beloved, do not forget that the hope of purification for those who see beyond the immediate is the eternal life that awaits you all. Divine help does not wait, the legions of Divine Light remain vigilant for the man who calls upon them with humility and sincerity. The coming moments will allow you to see yourselves as you are, and you will know whether the words spoken from your mouth were born from the depths of the heart of each of you, or whether they were only a pretence of false love for my Son. Do not be afraid, give your all, temptation is temptation. It is not the army that brings victory to man, man will sing the greatness of my Son, and the renewing blood of my Son will heal wounded hearts and weak minds. Forward! Do not lose faith or hope, but be aware of the dangers that await you from moment to moment and that you must overcome. Say 'no' to sin and 'yes' to my Son. Say 'no' to temptation, and 'yes' to firmness and trust in my maternal protection. My beloveds, nature has broken the truce. Pray for Japan. Pray for the United States, which will be tested by pain. Pray for peace and serenity in the minds of the rulers of the nations. Pray for peace in the Church of my Son. I bless you with my mantle and my Love. I seal you with my motherhood, accept it without delay. What seemed distant is near, do not hesitate. Repentant people are immediately assisted by their guardian angels and instructed in the truth, where knowledge expands and man recognizes what is his God. My maternal help is the strength that the Holy Spirit has given me to be a comfort to the depressed. I keep you in my Heart. Here I wait for the personal call of each of you to visit you with my Love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 30 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Peace and My Love are for each of you. I am still waiting for you to open the doors so that I can come to My children. My Church must persist on the road, only in this way will it be able to survive what is coming: giving of yourself in spirit and truth will give you strength, and evil will not find the lukewarm to seduce them and take them with it. Disasters will not wait in suspense over the earth. The silent step of the plague, which will level the lives of the people, is heavy. Only the help of my Mother will be able to stop it; use the miraculous medallion for this purpose, carrying faith before you as a banner of triumph. This generation is on the brink of a precipice, as nature has awakened in its entirety to purify itself from the abominable sin that mankind has placed upon it. Never-before-seen events will astound the wicked who have not obeyed My Word. Those who know me await these events as a sign of my nearness and my second coming. Beloved of my people, do not ruminate on my Word, but digest it; in this way you will understand it in spirit, in your conscience, in your understanding, in your thoughts and in your faith-fed mind. My Church is action; she does not slumber in My Word, but puts it into action in faithfulness and obedience, in reason and in attraction to the good. My Church sighs for truth, for holiness and for spiritual growth, my mystical body is my Church, my people yearn to be united with me, with my power that will lead them to enter the mystery of my Love. What is coming is not long-term, but at critical moments.... the sun erupts and largely marks the regression of humanity, leading people to be insecure again, without learning. I am a shepherd who warns his sheep of the proximity of Satan, who devours the weak and prowls everywhere, without respite and without measure. The enemy of man knows that the moment of his transgressions is approaching, and therefore the moment is approaching when he will no longer be able to tempt man. Be vigilant, do not lose spirit, because when it seems that peace has come, it is the moment of greatest danger. The moon will give humanity a great sign, a sign of my proximity. I am love, I call on all people, I give my Word to all my children, not just a few, not just a select few areas, but all of humanity thirsting for my Word, did I not come for sinners and those who did not believe in me? Pray my beloved, pray for Japan, she will suffer. Pray, my beloved, for Chile, it will lament. Pray, my beloved, for Greece, she will suffer. My beloved ones, my Church has not yet finished her sufferings, she will still bear this heavy cross that we share. You, My beloved ones, fill yourselves with courage and faith, so that nothing may shake you. I see you and guard you. My flesh and my blood cover you and nourish you at all times. Do not be afraid, practice inner silence and you will find Me. I dwell within you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 05 2013 - Our Lady
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, during all my apparitions throughout the world, I have called on you to remain on the right path, I have called on you to conversion, I have begged and pleaded with you not to turn away from my Son, to abide in his calls and my calls, to be steadfast in the fulfillment of the Commandments, and above all, to be love, in the unity of the Heart of my Son and my Heart.... so many invocations in which I asked the hierarchs of the Church to consecrate Russia to my Immaculate Heart! ... and still it has not been done. How much pain would mankind have avoided by simply obeying this call of mine! I see so many of my children mocking my summons, and above all I am pained when they mock the summons of my Son. They say that what is foretold by this Mother is not being fulfilled, but this is because these children are spiritually blind, their hearts hardened by everything worldly. They do not realize the reality of mankind, the plagues that one nation or another suffers day in and day out, that pain passes from nation to nation, and that all of mankind is in the minefield of nuclear energy, whose power plants could at any moment become the scourge of all mankind. Man does not yet realize how he has misused science, and that he will punish himself by polluting the waters, the air, all of nature, but above all himself with nuclear energy. Man will feel his skin burning, feel himself burning from the inside out, and will raise his eyes to the heavens, asking for mercy. He will remember with pain that I and my Son begged him to change his behavior and raise his voice so that this scourge would not spread any further. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, how much the current fashions offend my Son - how much my Son's heart aches before such abominations! The body is the temple of the Holy Spirit, it is displayed shamelessly. And the Holy Spirit grieves so much! Both men and women greatly offend the Holy Spirit. My beloved ones, you who believe, who listen to my Son and this Mother, do not allow the Most High to be offended in your families by allowing your family members to wear these deplorable and immoral modernizations. You who are aware of the reality in which you live, be the bearers of this call. You already know that my Son did not come to bring unity, but division, division between the wheat and the weeds, between the one who believes and the one who does not believe. Man has freedom, and I am constantly fighting against the human ego, which rebels from moment to moment and wants to give vent to its cravings. My Son is offended not only by actions, but also by thoughts, by this mind that you do not hold. At this moment, my Son needs all His children, all His people, the love of His children, but most of all obedience, hope and faith in His calls. I do not abandon you at any time, but you, my children, must change the direction of your path, otherwise you will become the prey of Satan and his legions who have thrown themselves at all souls to drag them to perdition. You know that the antichrist is rising with power, the antichrist who is that being of evil who will come to fight against the people of my Son, who will come to seal those among the people of my Son who do not remain strong and faithful enough to say 'no' to the antichrist, the evil one who will perform miracles before mankind and before whom many will bow down to glorify him. The antichrist will come to take the Throne of Peter on earth with his ally. I urge you to pray unceasingly for the Church, for all my children, but especially for the hierarchy of the Church of my Son and mine, because like a ship it is sailing through troubled waters that are trying to sink it. There can never be too much prayer, it is always necessary for one to help the other through prayer. At these moments, the devil and his legions lash out at the people of my Son to strike at them in one way or another in an attempt to undermine the strong foundations of my children and thus bring them down. But you, with the Holy Rosary in hand and with faith in a glorious tomorrow, do not yield, remain strong and fortified, be constant worshippers of my Son, so that His strength may be preserved in each of you. I have spoken so much to you around the world, urging you to remain vigilant against nature, which will purify man! Volcanoes will constantly explode, waters will be agitated, winds will cause man pain and great destruction, all because man does not see the nearness of the fulfillment of My forebodings. It is during this Warning that you will mourn all the deeds of your life, but do not wait for this Act of Mercy in order to repent, to come to repentance and to make a firm resolution to improve. My beloved ones, the sun will be inexorable to man, it will destroy and make the great technology that man boasts of burn up, and man himself will realize that he is nothing, that he depends only on the Will of my Son and my intercession. Darkness will engulf the earth, and the souls entrusted and dedicated to my Son will be beacons that will give light to their brothers and sisters. My beloved ones, how strongly I call you to conversion! ... and you continue to flit between what is holy and what is worldly. Remember that those who are lukewarm will be spit out of the mouth of my Son, do not forget, make the right decision at this time. The earth is completely disturbed, the mind of my children - and I say this with pain - is completely disturbed, not only by modernism, but by the constant snares of technology. Man lies in the mud of total immorality, and this leads him to severely punish himself. You who make up my battalion, be the souls who bring the Mercy of my Son, so that what is already scourging the whole world may be alleviated at least a little. My beloved ones, do not despair, blessings will come from on high, the heavenly hosts will not abandon you and will come to protect the people of my Son, the faithful, those who of their own free will say: yes, my Lord and my God, into your hands I commend myself and give myself! Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the creature of God will come to your aid in the most critical moments and in moments of persecution, will be sent from on high to help the faithful and will have the word in your mouth so that you will not waver in your faith. This creature will be Salvation for the mystical body of my Son, and will be a blessing for those who await help directly from Heaven. Be a help to each other, do not focus on the worldly or the material, do not let it bother you, for in the blink of an eye the material will lose its value. Give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar, and to God what belongs to God; give to me your hearts consecrated to my Immaculate Heart, and thus let this Mother be a protection and a relief to each of you. I bless you, I give you my love, I make my pilgrimage before each one of you, and so I will continue until the end. The Mother does not abandon her children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 09 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I have called you constantly, without fail.... and you have ignored my calls.... and this beggar of love continues from heart to heart seeking what belongs to him, and you refuse me.... but the moment has come when I come for my people, I come to gather the fruits that my people must present to me. And how many will I find with empty hands.... And how many will I have to separate, because of their own will they refused to give themselves and their heart, their will, their steps, their thoughts and their mind to me? How many of them have allowed the world and the scheming of the antichrist, the great enemy of man in this age, to constantly invade them? I come with power and all my legions to move and shake the earth. The globe will recognize that its King is coming and everything that exists will tremble before my majesty, every creature will know that I have come, that I am coming for what is mine, that I am coming for my people. How is it that you do not think? ... how is it that you do not reason that since I sent man to the earth to populate it, I will also come to reap the harvest that man must give me? I will come soon, and my second coming will be triumphant. I will come accompanied by my legions, and they will be felt in every heart and in every human being. Those who have come to know me will know that I am their King, and those who have not come to know me will tremble with fear and trepidation. You are my creation and I love you, you are my children and for you my passion is still present before each of you, but you do not look at me.... you keep me constantly crucified. My Blood is poured out for you, for what you have done, for what you will suffer. I suffer immeasurably for this, My Heart weeps for love from here, from My Cross. I invite you to recognize Me, to love Me and to convert. My Mercy tells you that it is not yet too late, and at the same time my Justice makes itself present before each of you, not to judge you, but to give you the opportunity to look at yourself. My beloved ones, my Love is near, you will look at yourselves, it will be a moment that will seem like an eternity, because my Love will traverse the entire earth from north to south, from east to west, and every heart will know that it is before me and will not be able to hide absolutely any feeling, because I know what dwells in the depths of every being. My beloved ones, nature rises with power before man, who continually offends me, and nature, having recognized me as its Lord, cries out for me to come now! I implore you, pray for Japan. Pray, my beloved ones, for the United States. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for Brazil, she is suffering greatly. My beloved ones, return to Me soon, do not forget that I am constantly looking at you and that My Love is greatest when you come to Me repentant. My beloved ones, let each of you receive Me with a contrite and humble heart. Love Me, love Me all the way to the Cross, for in it we meet each other, I love you and I bless you. I bless all who listen to me. I bless all who read my Word with love. I bless their families. Give Me Your Will that you work and act as I work and act. Remain in my Peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 14 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I come to bring you my Blessing and my Motherhood, so that, trusting in my protection, you will not falter. Be people of goodness and spread this goodness, acting as true children of this Mother. The excess in which man lives keeps him saturated, and this leads him to think that everything will continue as it is at this moment, with no greater needs or changes than those he encounters. Beloved ones, this moment must bring you to a standstill in life. You will be faced with hunger, disease with no apparent cure, and a total lack of morality such as has never been seen in human history. A man without faith will feel that he is breaking down before such events, and he will break down if he does not accept the love of my Son and mine. Children, do not neglect these exhortations, you must prepare your spirit, strengthen yourselves and take hold of faith; in this way, the power of the Holy Spirit will fill you with the necessary strength so that each of you can be sure that you are held in the hands of God. Don't forget that you are clay, and after being molded, the clay is thrown into the fire. So no true Christian exists without sharing the Cross. Children, greed has been generalized to the point of forgetting the gift and value of life. Beloved, prepare yourselves, the great nation of Europe will be the one to spread the virus that will cause global alarm for the death it will cause. This plague will not have a human cure, but this Mother will show you how to heal the sick. The sun will continue to be a plague and pain, light and darkness flogging the earth and changing man. Wake up! ... What other signs are you waiting for? The coming moments will be moments of trial: evil infiltrated into the Vatican will bring sacrifice, my children will be shaken. Beloved children, unite, you are children of the same Father, do not separate, gather around me. I am leading you towards my Son. I do not abandon you, do not be afraid. All creation protects those who, like a ray of light, have risen to defend my Son's people in times of trouble. You are not abandoned in the face of trials, but you are assisted by your guardian angels: your brothers on the road. Be steadfast, help is with you, accept it and get back on the road. Pray my children, pray for Japan, she will cry. Pray for England, she will suffer. Pray for the United States, they will lament. Be people of faith, comfort my Son present in the Tabernacle, be constant adorers who, like lit candles, do not falter and are not afraid to proclaim their faith. I welcome everyone, I am the Mother of all, I love everyone, not just a few, but all my children. I do not abandon you, I constantly look at you and with my maternal mantle I rescue you from dangers and snares every day. I bless you and your children. With love, Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 19 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, walk with the certainty of My protection. I never abandon those who are Mine. I remain beside My faithful ones. My people will be shaken, not defeated. My presence does not depart from those who seek My help and do not turn away from My House. My beloved ones, I call upon you to pay attention to My Word, do not be distracted by mundane trivialities. They drive you into the mud and hold back the spirit of man. Although I remain in each of you, when you are more of the world than of Mine, you push Me away and push Me aside. My side has been pierced again and My Church will suffer anew, will be blamed again and again. Be assured that I, in the midst of this tribulation, will come with my blessing on my faithful, on my children who remain attentive to my Word and are faithful to me. Do not neglect the calls of My Mother. I encourage you to abide in prayer, in the prayer of love for one another. I encourage you to be united, not to point at one another, for this gives reason for man's enemy to strengthen and weaken you. Be merciful, as I am merciful toward you. My beloved people, how many attacks are coming! I warn you once again that the Spirit, the loftiest part of man, should remain ready to turn to Me. My Church will again drink the bitter cup, but my Mother comes again and again with her love, her tenderness and her powerful intercession to sustain those who are weakened. My Mother: my first disciple, is the teacher of all who wish to follow me; do not disregard or despise her calls. My beloved people, with what ease you forget My Word! This wounds My Heart. Be those souls who mark the way at all times, thus bearing witness to the One who lives in you, to My Love, to My Peace, to My Humility and to My Mercy. Do not be afraid that someone will single you out, that you are different from the rest of the world. I come for My little fold, for My holy remnant that abides in My Will. I come for what is mine, for those who walk with eyes raised to Heaven, where I am. Your brothers on the road, your guardians will be sent by Me, in difficult times for humanity, they will defend you and they will help you. Do not be afraid, you are not alone. My House is coming down and helping my people. The one who will come with My Word to every heart is more than a prophet who breaks hearts of stone. I warn you not to be confused. I encourage you to pray for Argentina, she will suffer. I encourage you to pray for France, she will suffer greatly. I urge you to pray for the institution of my Church. My beloved, my people, do not be discouraged. You who love me know that what I announce is coming true. You see suffering in places, a consequence of misused human will. This has awakened nature, which feels the nauseating sin that suffocates and oppresses it, which sees man indifferent, man who has forgotten me. Volcanoes erupt and fire reappears. The earth shakes with force, eager to renew itself and cleanse itself of the impurities left on it by the erroneous human spirit. I, as a beggar of love, with open side, bless my faithful ones. I anoint you with the oil of my Love, so that you may not be afraid, and so that you may be sure that what I am declaring to you is out of love, and not to make you fearful, for my Heart earnestly desires to save those who sometimes come to me and who love me, but still resist to recognize me. I urge you to return to Me quickly. Remember that time is not time, and a moment is no longer a moment. Do not forget that My Love is infinite, just as My Mercy is infinite. Remember that I am the Just Judge, and I do not give this son or that daughter what he or she does not deserve because of his or her own Will, because my Will is that all my children be saved and come to me. Stay united. Even if you are singled out and even if your hearts are shaken by the news that reaches you, be assured that I in my Infinite Love will not abandon my people and if they continue to be faithful to me, they will be my holy remnant. I call upon my priests to be holy, to preach my Word, to serve me, giving themselves for my people. This moment is not to abide in trivialities, but on the contrary, to keep vigil with your lamps filled with oil, for I come for those who are Mine. I bless you; my Heart is ready to receive you, my Love is burning for each of you. I love you. My blessing be in you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 23 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, abiding in my Heart is a sure refuge at all times. Humanity is heading for a safe haven if you remain as my Son has asked you to be, as true Christians. The testimony of each of you is an answer to your brothers and sisters, who see you distanced from the worldly, struggling to overcome temptations by the power of God's Love, by the power of personal prayer that makes you give of yourselves for your neighbors, and by the power of a righteous conscience. Those who live subjected to the devil are those who give him the strength to continue to flog them and win souls for him. My children retain their faith in a better tomorrow, in which they will share in the freedom that my Son gives, and will await Him with joy, confident of His return. My Church is still being fought against, and my priests will be exposed to temptations.... some will fall. But you, fight with my Holy Rosary and do not lose faith in the midst of the religious war. The news will be discouraging and my Heart aches for this. The heavy cross will reach the throne of Peter, betrayal will not wait, do not hesitate, be aware that contamination has spread, poisoning the hearts of the people. Therefore, I have repeatedly called on you to pray and abide in my Son, so that you will not be overcome by temptation. He who is aware of the love of my Son is ready to carry the cross.... he who is not alive in spirit is not. This is the reason why some in the Vatican palace will oppose the Pope's resolve. Pray for Japan, it will suffer and spread great pain among humanity. Pray for Italy, it will be shaken. Beloved, the sun will cause mankind miserable and painful affliction. The one that enveloped mankind with its warmth will itself begin to emanate that warmth toward the earth. Nuclear energy will be the greatest real threat man has created, which the sun can detonate. This is how the United States will suffer. Pray, children, pray that conversion will come before this suffering. Communism is growing in strength, expanding surreptitiously in the guise of goodness and false justice, becoming a scourge of weak nations and staining without feeling, chaining without feeling. My calls are incessant, turn your eyes to the fulfilling predictions, do not persist in the blindness presented to you by a distant world, a world incompatible with the Divine Will. The force of evil keeps my children fettered and deprives them of their good disposition, transforming them into inert beings, without the strength to say 'no' to what is wrong. You are headed for great tribulations; the elements will cause damage everywhere. Be worshippers of my Son, in Him you will find the strength to endure. You, devotees of my Immaculate Heart, do not fear, your names are written in the book of life, be aware of the gravity of the moment, and at the same time of the protection that I, as the Mother of Humanity, give to all. You live to achieve the goal, which is Heaven: eternal life. My Son carries you in his arms, like a shepherd who cares for his sheepfold; each of you is his beloved sheep, the pupil of his eye. Do not be afraid, after trials a new day will come, a day when man will cease to be a slave to evil and will enjoy the joys of the House of my Son. Do not be distracted, preserve the unity to which my Son has called you. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 28 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved ones, I am Love, Truth, Mercy and Justice.... this is my true love, no other, I am justice and I rule over all in due measure. I wait for the repentant sinner, he must not fear to turn to Me, but must accept the moment when My Love is with you and allows you to see the deeds and actions of your life. Even so, some will say that the Warning is not an act of God, and will turn away from my presence even more: hating my Justice, they will give themselves over to the clutches of evil. I am merciful love and merciful justice, I am not indifferent to the response of humanity, I am not indifferent to your every step, my gaze is everywhere, it seeks souls who are thirsty for me. I see the deeds of people, not to condemn them at any time, but to help them, and that is why they quickly return to me before my Love calls them and reveals their conduct, even what they hide in the depths of their hearts and think I have forgotten.... I call, but the answer depends on the will of each of you, on the consciousness you retain towards Me and towards the responsibility of living in this generation that offends Me by ignoring Me. Every human being keeps his mission in life. My eyes are not closed to human deeds, even the smallest of them is known to me. Woe to him who serves me, and betrays me in secret! One cannot serve two masters. I allow man to act according to his will, and you forget that I am just. The greatest sacrifice is the one who gives me his Will and allows me to shape it.... Union with My Will is the greatest act a person can offer Me, and I give him what I have. Happy the one who rejects the world and accepts My call with love and faith, knowing that I do not abandon those who are Mine. But he who serves me today and not tomorrow is like the sea that comes and goes; but he who loves my will is like the sun: it always shines and gives light. Beloved, this moment deserves the recognition of all who are mine, the urgency of change and the certainty of what is coming. This generation does not follow my calls, it sees them and its sight is darkened from the ignorance of my Love. Man loves according to his own convenience; it is a false love; he who does not love is not free. My beloved ones, my Will is that you come to the knowledge of the truth and abide in the faith. This generation will not pass away without the fulfillment of my Word, I will come for my people, I seek you without respite.... and you do not want to trust my calls. Beloved, pray for Brazil, she will suffer. Pray for Mexico, it will suffer. Pray for Hungary, they will suffer. My people will drink from a bitter cup, in the face of aberrations committed against me. Water will not stop causing problems for man, unexpectedly. The climate will be a constant unknown to you, which you cannot be sure how it will remain. My beloveds, insults against my House will return to mankind, causing pain to those who are mine. The cosmic event will keep humanity suffering. My children, My Words are being fulfilled in My loving sacrifice for all. It will not be an unexpected event that will reach you, but the reality of what I have announced to you. You remain under my Will, and time, which is not time but a moment, is falling like sand, and you cannot stop it. My people know of my Truth and know my exact Word: 'Heaven and earth shall pass away, but My Words shall not pass away.... my children contemplate my glory.... my children foreshadow my coming.... my children trust in me.... my children are not afraid.... my children know that my Love will not fail.... my children know that I will protect them, that's why they don't break down, no matter how strong the winds are, everything will pass, but my Word will not pass away and my people will remain in my Love. I am the Alpha and the Omega. The work of my hands is my glory. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 02 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I call upon you to be ready to be clay in the hands of my Divine Son.... true Christians are those who allow themselves to be shaped according to the will of my Son. In those moments when human will prevails, sin prevails, to the point that man will act against himself, and then forget that he was created by God and become an enemy of God and himself, his conscience will be controlled by the forces of evil that will lead him to consider every evil act as natural. My sons-priests must call upon the people of my Son to be vigilant against the existence of evil, which uses its power to attack man directly and instill in his conscience and heart works that directly attack the gift of life and respect for gender and identity. My beloved ones, do not lose faith if you regret having walked in evil.... the arms of my Son remain open to receive you. Those who do not recognize evil will be like bread without yeast: they will not grow and will remain with a heart of stone. Beloved ones, the battle for souls never ends, as time goes on it will become more and more bloody in the face of man's rejection of good; enthrone the antichrist and he will freely embrace mankind with the slogan of evil: division. Remain vigilant, the antichrist is coming for his spoils. Do not believe that evil does not exist; it exists, like an eternal fire in which souls who have chosen their path in the wrong way remain. The Vatican will be struck and the evil it has committed and the good it has stopped doing will be known, but the Church must not lose faith, it must move forward. Humanity has tainted childhood, and this is a great sin for which it must atone, because it has distorted human values and will at a young age, causing the delicate tree to grow crooked. The debauchery of society immobilized the conscience. Innocence has been lost because of the debauchery in which man lives. Television negatively affects the mind of all, especially the mind of children, who, being carriers of erroneous thoughts, act beyond all correction. My beloved ones, pray for Brazil, she will cry hard. Pray for Jamaica, she will be tested. My beloveds, pray for the Church. I receive all who confess before Me that My Son is God. Children, do not be afraid to love my Son, He will not give you a stone instead of bread. My Divine Son gave Himself for every soul and remains attentive to each of you, excluding no one. Be the glory of my Son. Continue to bear witness to living in the world, but not in the worldly. Beloved children, the shortage of food continues unabated before the constant plagues of nature; nature is advancing with all its elements. Do not be afraid, pray, surrender yourselves to my Son and pray the Holy Rosary. With every piously recited Hail Mary, the devil is cast out. The ways of mankind are revealed against the Will of my Son. Be, My beloved ones, those who are prudent, good and simple of heart, those who speak the truth and know what will happen, and prepare in spirit for victory. I remain here, I, your Mother, am waiting for you. What I have kept in My Heart I will declare to this generation. The humble one attains the glory of God. The humble one grows in holiness. My beloved ones, I remain with each of you, I will not let you out of My hands. Be strong, do not weaken yourselves with scandals, my Divine Son is more than what you expect: he is majesty, glory, power, and at the same time mercy and justice. These are difficult moments in which faith will be put to the test, but he who gives me his hand I will guide so that he will not go astray. My Son does not abandon His people, I will send someone who will guide you with mercy and justice, make the sun rise over the holy order and give you the strength of those who remain with My Divine Son. I bless the one who reads this call. Children, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 05 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I invite you to be attentive, to look carefully at this moment.... it is not like the others through which mankind has passed, it is a moment of moments.... The one before the Second Coming of my Son. I, as the Mother of all mankind, am extending my hand so that all who desire it can take my hand and allow me to lead them to my Son. I intercede before my Son, do not forget this. I want you to be aware, very aware of this moment in which you are living, of the deeds and actions of each of you. My children, be aware of the seriousness of my call. Each of your actions has consequences throughout creation, do not believe that you are acting and that your actions are isolated, know that they extend throughout creation. My beloved children, the signs of this moment are visible before what will happen in the final moment. Do not believe that because you are not experiencing these events firsthand, they will not affect you. Every creature and every nation will suffer, it will be purified, and out of the purification will come the faithful, in whom my Heart earnestly desires to see all, as many souls as possible. I do not tire of calling on you, my calls will be continuous, unceasing, because, like my Son, I have a great desire for souls to give to Him. My beloved ones, the road is not always strewn with roses, you will find thorns on it, but you must offer them as an act of reparation for those who refuse to convert to my Son. I love you all, my Son gave Himself for all mankind, not just for some, but for all, i.... all who confess that He is their Lord and God..., all who return to the true path that my Son showed you and to which I call you...., all those who seriously live in the likeness of my Son..., all those who hold to the call of my Son, to the Sacraments, to the Commandments..., all those who receive Him in spirit and truth in His flesh and His blood will be saved. All those who carry Him within themselves and love Him deeply, without committing acts contrary to the Will of my Son, will be saved. My Heart is constantly burning as a flame of love. I see you so close to achieving spiritual victory, yet you are making missteps that push you back to where the enemy of the soul is. Beloved children, there is a spiritual battle going on right now that you are unable to see. The enemy wants to steal fragile souls and lukewarm souls, so I encourage you to hold my hand, because as the interceding Mother of all humanity, I want to lead you to my Son. So many events are fast approaching, and humanity continues incoherent, immersed in the false reality that the enemy wants to send you, so that you confidently give yourself over to trivialities and worldly pleasures. I call again in my maternal and loving call, because in this very serious and very grave moment in which you find yourselves, every act is multiplied, and these acts must be carried out in the love of my Son, and not in human pride, which has banished Him from the heart of man. Negative behavior, negative conduct gives evil the power to spread and like the plague it affects, one by one, the hearts of men so that they do not attain Salvation. The earth is a blessed land, milk and honey flowing for those who are on the right path, for those who are constantly struggling to remain at the side of my Son, for those who are sacrificing at this moment to leave what is temporal and devote themselves to reuniting with my Divine Son. Beloved ones, the earth is thirsty for love, and has been constantly massacred by man, without conscience, and is reclaiming its place, claiming and complaining that it rocked man with love, and today is despised because of humanity. The earth is shaking and will continue to shake until all human beings, in the constant trembling of the earth, raise their eyes to Heaven and cry out for mercy. My beloved, mankind has not only despised my Son, but has banished and challenged him, and my Son with his great love and his great mercy returns love and blessing to you, but man has forgotten that at the same time Divine Justice is also Mercy. Therefore, the Warning is against the man who is not properly prepared, against the man who despises my calls and despises those I send. This has always been the case and this moment is no exception. Remain attentive, I love you. I receive you in my maternal womb as the Ark of the New Covenant, so that you may be united with my Son and thus, with faith and strengthened by divine love, you may face with courage what is coming and be unshaken in the face of the tribulation that is approaching mankind. I love you, heed my call. I bless you, heed my call. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 10 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, My people will not be defeated by the hand of the enemy of faith. Tested, yes, but not defeated, because 'I am Who Am'. I will hold My hand over those who are Mine, so that they will not be overthrown, if My children live in My Love and do not forget their brothers and sisters who live in ignorance. My paths are not narrow for the one who has faith, but for the one who does not have faith, no matter how wide the paths are, they will never be enough. My people, what do the powerful do to you that you fall into the greatest errors and do not see what you are doing? Children, man's conscience is so small these days that he offends me by not stopping to see how he acts, but delights in what he does without recognizing that it is wrong. Children, my people, open the doors of your hearts so that I can give you a drink of my Word, and in this way you will recognize it in my Love in every word I send you, and in this way you will realize how much you must change to bear the fruits of eternal life. I urge you to be active in faith, to work relentlessly, to see clearly that moment in which I will not abandon you, but in which my people will see the Hand of their Lord over them, so that they will not be cast down. You must be gentle, expand your consciousness and renew yourselves spiritually, taking my calls seriously and maintaining unity with me at all times, without anything to divide us, but everything that takes place strengthens the armor of my people, so that attacks will not cause them to yield. The spirit of man must remain in communication with my divinity, so that it does not act outside of my Will. You will not achieve this if not by my hand and inviting me to remain with you in every work and deed you perform, aware that I remain within you and that I will not accept deeds outside of my Will. Turn to my Mother, She intercedes for you and walks the path beside you. My people, science is an advance created against man himself, trials will follow because of this. The tribulations for mankind will not cease and will intensify in such a way that man will feel that he is unable to go on, forgetting that he has a Mother who loves him, and you do not recognize Her as I recognize Her: she is my Mother, the one who loves you. My Church will be going through a great crisis, pray for My Church, so that few will feel strong and not lost. Do not forget that I remain with you, seek Me, I am present in the Eucharist. The Spirit needs nourishment; whoever has the consciousness of receiving Me, let him receive Me as often as possible, so that in this way he can begin to extend communion with Me to all creatures. No deed remains unfruitful, you are not alone. The pestilence goes on... Quiet as a thief in the night; do not be reckless. Man must be fully renewed; you have locked the Spirit into the tact and rhythm of the worldly, to prevent your conscience from trying to correct and guide you. Humanity is and will be purified, only in this way will it be worthy of me. It will see its sins and its unfulfilled duties, like the fruit it has produced and like the fruit it has ceased to produce. There will be a mirror before everyone and an opportunity for repentance. Those who scoffed at the Warning announced by My Mother, when they hear the progression of silence and thunder in Heaven, will know that the Warning has come and will be carried out for the sake of souls. You will see great destruction. Weapons will cause this damage to humanity and will cause a serious crisis and confusion, which the enemy of souls is waiting to usurp what is Mine: souls. You, being my people, I will not abandon you; I will send a man of faith to help you reach my meeting. Do not lose faith, my Church sails on a rough sea, but the ship remains strong. Do not be afraid, my Love is power and an inexhaustible source of virtues and graces. Come and be love, copies of my own love. I bless you, I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 17 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Immaculate Heart will triumph for the good of all children. Humanity understands the moment in which it lives, but it does not listen to my urgent calls.... Before the triumph of my Immaculate Heart, man will be purified. Human conscience has strayed from the Will of my Son, has gone astray, giving itself over to vices, has given itself over to the enemy of souls and into his clutches, does not fight to overcome temptations. The attacks are constant, and man is not humble enough to recognize them, this awaits the man who has lost humility, because the enemy uses what dwells in every man: 'pride'... and makes man give in to it easily, makes mankind ignore and deny purification, and always gives a natural interpretation to what happens, this has caused man not to recognize that God is God, and man is a being created by God, a God before whom man must recognize divine superiority. It is not through indifference to the Father's House that you will be able to realize what leads you to fall into evil. The urgency is the unity of my children, and through this unity the solidarity and readiness to submit to the constant calls of my maternal love. I am not the Mother of a few people, I welcomed everyone at the Cross of my Son, and my Heart remains open to all as the Ark of Salvation. I intercede for all humanity thirsting for the love of my Son, humanity that rejects Him, not feeding on Him. You, my children: be a difference living in union with the Will of my Son, which He constantly reveals to you and which He expresses and clarifies in these invocations. Before tribulation reaches you, be aware of what I call you to do, all in obedience to the Will of my Son and for the good of your souls. Be witnesses to the Will of my Son for this generation, fearlessly show faith in my Son, fearlessly show that 'yes' which you have said to live in His Holy Will, being one in acts of Divine Love and living every moment according to what my Son designates for each of you on your path. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, at this moment, when evil has penetrated and firmly established itself in every society, still clinging to the heart of man and leading him astray from that which calls him to goodness, at this moment, my children, be those who are not afraid to confess your faith and to confess with your actions, and not only with words, that my Son is God and that in Him and for Him you live. You, my beloved children, minister to one another, share my calls, for my love, without holding back, from my universal motherhood, gives you promises to reflect and not to lose. The consciousness of being, in every act, a copy and imitator of my Son's love and will, must be for each of you the highest act to which you desire to aspire.... Consciously keeping my Son before you in your lives is the pinnacle of those who are my great Marian army. The whole Church is one, and only in this way will you prevail and be able to bring the boat to a safe harbor when it enters troubled waters. The Church will be wounded anew, her enemies do not rest, and so you, beloved children, must not rest, but remain vigilant. My calls are urgent, do not ignore them; they do not concern the distant future, but are for this generation, they are for each of you. Science does not stop its progress harmful to man. Before this progress, diseases grow unchecked, before a great number of my children die. Beloved, pray in the daily practice of your actions, in your personal consciences and alerting collective consciences. The Church is walking in the midst of so many distractions without stopping them due to misused free will, and the fall of man is reaching the unthinkable. Return to my Son before the night darkens your senses and does not allow you to see, until you find yourselves victims of the antichrist. Beloved ones, the second coming of my Son is imminent, and human consciences must be profoundly stirred before my Son returns. I encourage you to be those mirrors in which my Son is seen acting in His Divine Will: the triumph of man over evil. Pray, children, for Peter's Barge. My Immaculate Heart will triumph, and all my children will be those who will crown me anew and be guided by my hand to my Divine Son. I bless you unceasingly, unite your strength so that you will not fall, unite it with my Heart, the source of maternal love and fountain of holiness. Do not be afraid, this Mother does not stop watching over you. Do not be afraid, in My Heart you will not be defeated nor will your souls be lost. My Love is the strength of those who are Mine. I bless each one of you. I love you with maternal love and defend you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 22 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive my Blessing, my Heart fills with joy when you, aware of the merciful devotion and sacrifice of my Son, desire to return to the true path. My people will never walk in the loneliness through which those who do not know my Son walk, and who walk without a Mother to guide them. At every moment I am the Ark of Salvation, interceding for you with the joy of giving to my Son the souls He so desires and so loves. This generation is steeped in so many vices, in sin, in the degradation of man and in science, which will be the cause of the greatest misfortunes for the human race. Nevertheless, I see souls throughout mankind who, like lit candles, give light in the midst of the darkness of sin. This makes my Heart burn with joy, but in the same way I urge you to keep the faith in moments of tribulation, I encourage you to continue to walk with faith in the coming anguish and pain. Great is the burden that will fall on man: the burden of his own sin, his free will; but great is the blessing that man brings upon himself when he is aware of my Son's call for man to obey and return to the way of his fold. The shepherd of souls does not abandon you; he keeps his fold extremely guarded by his angels, and you who are walking must in turn hear the voice of your companions on the road: your guardians. Beloved children, at this moment in which time is not time..., the urgent need for a definitive change in man's mentality and sensitivity to the Spirit must penetrate you deeply in a special way. Not all who say 'Lord, Lord...' will be worthy before my Son, but he who does the will of the Father. The faithfulness of my children will be put to a great test, and at that moment I will see a small number of faithful, strong, courageous and trusting in my Son, who will never abandon you. My Motherly Heart desires that the harvest be plentiful, that the fruits be abundant, but in this abundance of fruits, not all in themselves will be what they seem. My beloved ones, the institution of the Church will continue to experience painful moments and times of trial. You must form this army of prayer, this army of exercise, this army of prayer that my Son will use to guide the boat out of stormy waters. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, evil is rising with great power, communism has insidiously prepared and psychologically set its peoples for a hard and cruel struggle. You, the faithful of my Son, awaken the dormant minds of your brothers and sisters who do not want to hear what is happening around them. In all the places where I have imparted my Word, I have prepared those who are mine for this moment, and with motherly love I have called on them to return quickly to the path and to practice their faith, but my calls have not been and are not being heeded, my tears are mocked, and the blood that my Son sheds in some of my images is scorned.... no! This is not how God's people should react. The signs are manifold and in abundance, so that you will wake up and it will not be late when you react, because evil will already take possession of man's mind and all his things, through which it will lead him to utterly despise my Son and this Mother who provides for man's basic needs. Evil will lead you to the antichrist to reject the word of my Son and prevent you from receiving the Body and Blood of my Son, will close the churches and forbid my worthy and faithful priests from celebrating the Eucharistic Sacrifice. My Heart aches for this, because this 'holy remnant' aware of this, which I have mentioned, suffers, suffers, because it fully knows this truth, but those who do not believe, and despise and insult me, those who do not believe, will be the persecutors of the Church of my Son, will be those who will deliver you into the hands of the antichrist and your oppressors. But you, in total ecstasy of Divine Love for my Son, continue on this path, that even in the bloodiest moments of trial, when tribulation reaches its maximum, your brothers on the road will come with Heavenly Manna: with the Body and Blood of my Son to strengthen you, so that you will not falter. Do not be afraid, the people of my Son are not alone. After the Tribulation, my Son will come into His harvest, and I desire that as abundant and ripe fruit you will be taken by Him and that you will enjoy God's blessings. I encourage you to pray and act in the likeness of my Son in spirit and truth, being faithful and true, helping my Son in everything he asks of you and asking for my intercession, because I need man to ask for my intercession so that I can take him by the hand towards eternal happiness. You know that after rainy days the sun comes out and shines with brilliance in Heaven, and when the sun is at its zenith there is no shadow, for its rays illuminate even the smallest place. So it is with the Holy Spirit: He enlightens all, gives warmth to all, gives His love to all, gives wisdom to all, but you must remain ready to receive Him, and before what is coming, I ask you to call on the Holy Spirit constantly to finish filling these holy cups. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, a great and unexpected storm will approach the earth and will keep you on alert. Do not forget that my Son protects you, but you must act with the reason my Son has given you. At this time you must use your senses, gifts and virtues that my Son has poured into you with His Holy Spirit. You must not be blinded, but on the contrary, open your senses of the Spirit, for they will guide you on the right path and make you careful in this moment in which you must be careful. Do not be afraid to be messengers of love.... do not be afraid to confess your faith.... do not be afraid to profess your faith.... do not be afraid to say that you belong to my Son.... and do not be afraid to let your brothers and sisters know that you are acting and working in accordance with the Will of the Most Holy Trinity.... before every profession of faith, the angels on high sing with joy: 'Alleluia, Alleluia, Alleluia' before the throne of the Most Holy Trinity. Each of your 'yeses' echoes throughout creation, and it is not only a blessing, but an approach to the truth of my Son. All My calls have not yet been revealed and I am waiting with patience, hoping that all My message given at Fatima will be revealed. Do not forget, beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, that my Heart will triumph and my children will be blessed. Do not forget that by Divine command I have also announced at Garabandal the events that are just a step away from this generation. Prepare yourselves, prepare yourselves, prepare yourselves. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 26 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, as a pilgrimage of love, I invite my children to be like me, pilgrims of Divine Love on earth.... against the lack of true love and spiritual charity in the search for my Son, you who continue to remain faithful to my Son and to me, must strive to make longing, devotion and faith in the House of my Son grow in your hearts. Extremely difficult times will come, and people will feel alien in them, because, having banished my Son, they do not worry or ask about what is happening around them, and do not want to see the changes and signs of the times. For me, it is a source of great pain and anguish that my children despise my Son Jesus Christ, but because He is Infinite Love and Mercy, He allows them to pass, and in this way people adorn themselves with everything possible, their souls completely attached to the earth and convinced that my Son does not punish and that nothing will happen. My beloved ones, the tension in the Middle East continues, it continues strongly, and when it increases, the pain will reach humanity, because there is no greater evil at this time than the creation of atomic energy. I encourage you not only to pray the Holy Rosary, but to feed on the Body and Blood of my Son, and to be doers of God's Will, so that you will be recognized by all creation, which remains within the framework of God's Will. Man was created to be a being that illuminates what exists around him, and by not being obedient, he has not fully achieved the purpose for which he was created. For this reason, creation views man as an alien. It is more convenient for mankind to live without God, because in this way it can spread and expand sin and vice among all creatures. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, when all seems lost, my help will come to you, because my Son has entrusted this third generation to me.... I love you with maternal love, so that you may be assured that you have a Mother who loves, protects and seeks you, and so you are not lost. At this time more than any other, I seek the Salvation of all creatures, for time not being time, will continue to torment My children to tempt them. My beloved ones, a great blessing will soon come from Heaven for man.... my Son and I do not want to frighten, but to appeal to the conscience and quick disposition of each of you, so that you will cast your nets into the sea, and the catch will be greater. The moon will become red, foreshadowing what is coming.... but you do not fear, for my Son and I protect the faithful, and the Holy Spirit remains, giving strength to all the people of my Son. We do not abandon you, but rather, in moments of anguish, we will do what is necessary from the House of my Son, so that the faithful remain under the protection of their God and Lord. I will send my angelic hosts to protect each of you, and evil will not be able to overcome you. I love you. Remain in my Immaculate Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 01 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my children, I will defend my people. I will remain with my people in difficult times.... I will walk beside my faithful people. My Church will remain with me, and I will walk with my Church. Beloved children, you will experience difficult moments. My Church lives moments of light, but she also lives and will live moments of great difficulty, because the smoke of Satan has already entered my Church and has impoverished, poisoned and contaminated the hearts of some of my sons of priests. I ask you, my children, for strength - strength to stand firm in the faith, and your faith to stand grounded in my Redemption and in my Resurrection. I love you, but you have allowed the smoke of evil to penetrate the thoughts, reason and heart of mankind, therefore you do not think, do not reason and do not feel. Every human being must be obliged to stay by my side. He who does not fight and does not give himself for his brothers and sisters will not be worthy of Heaven. My children: what great pain is approaching my Church! It will be shaken from its foundations, but it is I who uphold it with My own hands, so that it will not be torn down. I gave Myself for all on the Cross, and I rose for all, so that the lapse of your life may be a continuous resurrection. This is My Will, but man does not carry it out, rather, he himself digs a deeper hole so that he cannot see Me, so that he cannot hear Me and so that he cannot feel Me, because free will has taken possession of mankind and has taken over all aspects of man's life. Legions of evil are spreading sin over the earth, and this evil is embraced by those who live in total debauchery. I urge you to turn to my Love, to my Heart, not to forget me, to walk with me to work and act in my Will. My beloved ones, how foolish is the man whom I call and invite to my Mercy.... and he despises it. How foolish is he who, before his brothers and sisters, claims to love Me and demonstrates his knowledge of My Love and My Commandments, and when no one is looking, behaves like the meanest of men! Remember that I will spit out the lukewarm. Before Me you cannot hide your deeds. I call My children with My merciful love, I encourage you to turn to Me very quickly, because at this moment the darkness is even closer, at hand. I do not want you to suffer more than you should. How much foolishness on the part of man, disobeying my constant calls! How many hands spontaneously fall into the hands of those who erect the house of the son of Satan! How much man himself, out of foolishness, has become the defender of wickedness! I have left you My Commandments, that you should practice them and make them your life. And it is with great pain that I see how you reject them, and instead accept the advances of evil and put them into practice! You take all kinds of liberties, deceiving yourselves. My Church is defended by my hosts; the smoke of evil has penetrated into it. This Church of Mine will suffer so much.... therefore, I urge you earnestly to instruct yourselves in the Holy Spirit, to receive My Body and My Blood, to know My Commandments, so that you will not disregard or break them. My beloved people, how my Heart grieves over the fact that you are wandering in the desert of delights and pleasures! How my Heart grieves over the fact that you cannot find Me! My people, you know very well that I will not abandon you, but you also know that My Love for you gives you the freedom to choose, before which a person will suffer for his decision to make good his life. You are confronted with an earthly power that claims to possess the truth, you go hand in hand every now and then with those who have made great achievements in science and have been able to penetrate the mind of the naive and gullible, so it is necessary for you to strengthen the Spirit so that faith grows, and this is achieved only by the one who lives in Me. My beloved ones, you will not go forward if you do not accept my and my Mother's calls. What she announced in her revelations will be fulfilled, you must pray and ask for the intercession of those holy souls who are ready to intercede for you. You must ask for the intercession of the saints. They have forged a new path for you with their lives, but you must ask for their help, otherwise they, my Mother and I will respect the freedom that humanity enjoys. My people, how much I have wept for you and how much I suffer, seeing your constant suffering! I hope that you will allow Me to dwell in you so that I may give you My Love and My Mercy.... No child of Mine who cries out for My Mercy will be driven away from My Heart. My beloved ones, I encourage you to pray earnestly for My Church, the deviants have entered it. I encourage you to pray consciously for the conversion of sinners. I encourage you to pray for Japan. You, my children, who are well acquainted with the evil that man does to himself by creating indescribable plagues in laboratories, be vigilant, for an uncontrollable pestilence is coming out of the laboratory. The United States will live in moments of uncertainty. My children, beloved people, comply with my calls, I remain in you. With love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 05 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing extends to all creation, in a constant act of maternal love for all my children. I do not belong to one group of people, I am the Mother of all humanity, for whom my Son suffered and rose from the dead. I come by Divine mandate to call to conversion not the few, but all suffering humanity. I am the Mother of every human being, even if they do not recognize me as such. My Heart expands and embraces everyone. I see souls, hearts, people of good will and people with hearts expanded towards the essence of my Son's true love and towards all that has been created. I am the suffering Mother towards what you will suffer and towards all that will bring you pain and death. Man against man in a fierce battle will wound each other not only in body, but in mind and in the future. The innocent will fall into the hands of those who have forgotten that the Mercy of my Son calls them to live without violating the gift of life. I suffer for the innocent, for the ignorance of proud rulers who plunge my children into extreme danger, at moments when the sun itself intervenes in people's reactions through its solar flares. Beloved, the generous souls who remain faithful are those who recognize the great battle that is taking place on Earth. The hosts of good are defending the souls of my children, but at the same time evil is securing its spoils, which are increasing every day due to human ignorance. The tentacles of the antichrist have unleashed all this evil over mankind to lead you to perdition, degeneration and loss of value. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for the Church of my Son. Pray for France, pray. The eagle that soared to the heights will fall in a moment. Persevere, beloved children, persevere, for you will not be defeated, but vanquished by the hand of my Son and of this Mother who loves you. Trust in the protection of my Son, go to receive Him, do not neglect to pray the Holy Rosary. My children are people who practice prayer and action, they are not dormant children, but children willing and prepared to turn to the Divine call and discover the manipulation that the powerful maintain over every action that belongs to evil and to man. Attentive ... do not despise my call. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 07 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved ones, My people, I am coming soon, I am coming in My Second Coming for My faithful ones. I am coming for those who have struggled to remain with me. I come for the obedient, for the simple and humble, for those who have fallen but have risen, for those who have not lost faith in tribulation. I come for those who knew how to see in the circumstances of life that my will always prevails and that my ways are not the ways of men. I come for my Church. I come for those who have been purified. I come for those who have remained ready, at any time, for my service. I come for those who have said 'yes' to me. I come for those who have been converted, for those who have turned away from the worldly and swam against the current of the world. I come for those who, unashamed of me, professed their faith at every moment. But before my second coming, my purity will touch the conscience of all people, so that they will see themselves. These will be difficult moments for each of you, but necessary for you to see yourselves truly, without pretense. They will be moments that seem like an eternity and which, while not being an eternity, you will be able to examine to the depths of your soul. Everything that man guards as a secret within himself will appear before him in his conscience. Woe to those who persecuted my people! Woe to those who desecrated my temple! Woe to those who have contributed to the impoverishment and ruin of the youth! Woe to those adults who, by not being in control of themselves, were a cause of depravity and a bad witness to children! Woe to those who used the knowledge I gave them to cause the death of my people! Woe to those who, considering themselves to be doctors in the Holy Spirit, were a source of mischief and turned my poor children away from me! I come for those who welcomed the humble, the poor and the simple. I come soon, I come soon with my Love and my purity to touch the conscience of man. In the midst of this impoverished humanity, I am coming soon to enlighten the consciences of those who are Mine, to prepare them for moments that will no longer be moments, because they will be long days of tribulation in the clutches of the Antichrist. How many are waiting for him, not noticing that his tentacles have captured all of humanity! They wait for him as a person, and he is already at work, not silently, but loudly through the powerful who are erecting his empire. How many remain in his service, forgetting me! How many, wanting to dominate humanity and keep power in their hands, have only given themselves up to his slavery, for this spawn of evil will never give up power to any man! He will draw the weak in spirit, the foolish, those who do not listen to my Word, hate me and have chosen the Spirit of evil as their guide. My beloved people, not by bread alone does man live. You worry so much about the needs of each day, you worry so much about your homes, and I do not call on you to neglect them, but not to put your strength and your time into material things. Why do you not seek to grow in the Spirit, in knowing me, in staying close to me and in letting me work in your life without putting up barriers. Cleanse your soul, separate it from the attachments the world offers you, from the distractions the world offers you. I lead the path of those who are Mine, and when the paths seem to close, it is because I have separated you from the worldly and am opening the doors of My Will for you to receive and possess you fully. My beloved ones, how many wolves in sheep's clothing remain close to you! How many with their vanity and spiritual vanity humble and simple, but these, these will look at themselves and some, I say with sadness, some because of their pride will not recognize that they have acted and are acting wrongly. They will sink into the mud of the seduction of the antichrist, but you, my people, you who are simple and meek as doves, you who are the pupil of my eye, find joy in my Words, because behind my Words is my Love for my people, my people, to whom I come with joy, whom I will purify but not crush, whom I will purify, respecting their free will. My beloved ones, my call is for you to remain strong, not deviating from the path, because these moments are decisive, and the demons know well the weakness of each of you, in what you strive for and what you cling to, and that is where they tempt you the most.... it is important that you do not give up, that you do not retreat, because I am with my people, yes, with my people, if you allow me to lead you. My beloved ones, these moments are a test for all of you, I call you in unity to abide in my Heart and in the Heart of my Mother, to not hesitate at any moment and to prepare for that moment when I will come with my purity to touch the consciences of all mankind. I will come with love and gentleness, with tenderness, like the Father who loves those who are His. I will come with My Mercy, but each one will see himself with his righteousness. My beloved people, when the tribulation has passed, you will see the sun of My Will shining, and in every ray of My Will you will see yourselves, joyful and full of the Spirit. Do not faint, for My Peace, My Love, My Righteousness remain with My People, whom I have never abandoned, and this generation will see Me and rejoice that they have remained faithful to My Call. I encourage all those who gather for prayer in community and fraternity to pray and be men of action, not only by witnessing, but by carrying my Word to their brothers and sisters. It is urgent that all my children prepare not only before the coming disasters, but also in spirit. I encourage you to pray for the Middle East. I encourage you to pray for the United States. I encourage you not to stop praying for My Church, which will be greatly shaken. My Love covers you, my desire for souls covers you, my Mercy covers you. Do not be afraid, I am with you. I bless you, I love you, I seal you with the seal of My Eternal Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 14 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Immaculate Heart will triumph for the sake of humanity, thirsting for my Son. Beloved ones, be like my Son: humble and simple of heart, like those who, not desiring merit for themselves, submit to the Will of God, trusting that what He demands of them is for the good of their souls and the whole world. My beloved, do not be like one who avoids professing faith; rather, be a living testimony of humility and love, for on earth all that man forges was created by the Eternal Father for His service. The ways of my Son are not what man expects, nor are there thrones or glory, nor are some more important than others. So man: he who considers himself greater before my Son will be the least, and he who considers himself the least will be the greatest in the Kingdom of Heaven. My children are simple of heart, souls aware that they are at the service of my Son and ready to follow Him wherever He calls them. Humanity, which I love, is still open to sin, has rejected the observance of Heaven's precepts, ignoring the nearness of its purification. False idols do not cease, they grow and move from one place to another to confuse My children, so that they do not listen and reject My calls to change their ways. My beloved ones, be people of faith, strong and unwavering, convinced of the call to serve my Son. He is the greatest of the great, the one who sees what happens on earth and beyond. He is the ruler, the one who sees everything, the infinite mercy. Children, be aware of all that the Father's House has allowed you to know, do not be of those who feel they have Heaven merited, for these can only fall with a gust of wind. My children keep vigil at their mother's side to stay awake, remain simple and humble, and are aware that before this same ignorant humanity, the rich empires of the Antichrist are rising, inciting peoples to perdition of soul. Man has yearned to be powerful; he is not content with just anything, he has overstepped his own boundaries, and the peoples are a direct reinforcement of those who subjugate them. Contempt for the gift of life is ignored at this time by those who must raise their voices. A certain force is silencing the voice of the rulers and the mighty, the voice that wants to annihilate the Church of my Son: the voice of Freemasonry, which is gaining adherents in the face of the great ignorance that prevails among the people of my Son. As Mother and Advocate of and for Humanity, I call upon you to imitate the unity of those who, being soldiers of the love of my Heart, do not cease to proclaim the truth, and, remaining united, remain vigilant to carry the word in spirit and truth, without discord, with one longing and one faith. My Son is one and His alone must be made one. Every human being contains not only the love of my Son and His Mother, but contains one mission, and in this mission rises another, which is unity, against evil will fulfill its mission, and this is not the wish of this Mother, rather my wish is to present to my Son all who are His, those whom He has redeemed. Be a constant witness, praying for each other in my Heart. Do not sleep, before you time is not time, but the blink of an eye. Do not give yourselves over to evil, react, the world is sinking into error.... wake up! Your defenders will come, your traveling companions, to guide you on a righteous and safe path. One in particular will come who will revive the flame of love of my Son and this Mother, who will warn you against evil, so that you will not be deceived. Divine Love and Divine Mercy are pouring out in streams on everyone; people are deaf, they do not hear the call from on high. After the storm comes peace, the sun will shine for all, the earth will be renewed and people of good will will walk on it. All of you united in my Immaculate Heart, receive my Blessing, and in it the call not to be separated from my Son. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 18 2013 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my people, in man's dizzying race for dominion over all mankind, man will forget that he is a human being and that his body is like that of his neighbor, so that, having annihilated part of mankind, evil will continue to roam the earth and spread its poison to all, and no one will be free from the unimaginable consequences resulting from human domination. I have tolerated the wickedness of this generation that lives, despising the gift of life in the midst of the uncontrolled slaughter of innocents, whose numbers are gradually increasing in the face of man's godlessness, and these innocent cries pierce my Heart. Only when my children realize the value of life and the very grave sin they are committing, only then will this genocide end. You are experimenting with life and going beyond what the human being himself thought of, the man of science wants to reach where no one has gone before.... the seals of the Apocalypse have been opened and are spilling over to ignorant, irresponsible humanity and to the sacrilegious. I am not pleased with those who do not respect life, I am not pleased with the sacrifices that come out of the hands of those who insult me to the extreme. I called you to fish for souls and cast your nets, but instead you cast your nets into the sea with corpses.... I gave you a fertile land with crystal clear waters, and you have defiled it to the point of keeping it in constant agony.... You have polluted the waters with nuclear power, and the leaders are silent.... you, my beloved ones, are poisoned with polluted seafood, and this alters human genetics, being the cause of degenerative diseases. Beloved children, do not base your lives on economics, this false God will fall in a moment and you will realize that you have wasted your lives on what is unnecessary, while the truth is only in my hands. This moment is for deep reflection, in which the unity of my people, and only unity, will be what will break the heavy chains you are pulling, in disobedience without precedent.... it is not meaningless and empty words with which you please me, but your deeds and works in accordance with my Will, which at this time is being insulted by those who do not remain humble. Science has broken through the permissible wall..., I look at you and grieve. The silence of my people in the face of such great evil does not please me. My people must be courageous and abide in my Will, feeling offended when everyone else transgresses my Will. Passivity is the strong tentacle of the antichrist that crushes the nations. My children do nothing to make amends to Me.... and I, who see all this.... I suffer! My beloved ones, he who finds himself and lives in My Will possesses the greatest treasure, he will not irritate Me, and his steps and thoughts will be a blessing wherever he goes, carrying My Blessing and My life with and in him. My Will awaits people of good faith who appreciate and rediscover My Will for all. The mighty of the earth are preparing the pain of my children, this has caused the cup to overflow. I will come with glory and power to reap the good seeds that have remained faithful to Me, but first they will be purified and tested in faith. Pray, My beloved ones, for the United States, for they will suffer. Pray for My Church, it will be torn apart. My children are faithful, strong and convinced, not lukewarm and ignorant, I am looking for souls of good will. Compatibility between words and deeds will be placed in the balance of my Will. Great empires will not erect my Kingdom, nor great rulers of nations, rather those who are not afraid to proclaim my Truth, those who are firm, strong and resolute. Those who know that nothing is impossible for me, that my power extends over everything that exists, and that my undertakings defy human logic. Those docile ones who follow me out of love for me, aware that my second coming is imminent, and do not remain silent in the face of threats, because I am present in their every step, their path has been blessed by those who preceded them, giving proof of their faith. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 23 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I am the glorious light. I am the sun in the fullness of noon. I am the light that shines in the firmament. I am the star that adorns the firmament, and at the same time I am the weary feet of those who walk confidently. I am the hands that not only receive, but that give what they have. I am the heart that burns, that beats with Eternal love for its creatures. I am the language that explains what this generation is living at this moment. I am the eyes that see further than human eyes can see. I am thought and memory at the same time. I am the conscience that calls you at every moment to stay on the right path. 'I am who I am,' my beloved ones, my beloved people, for whom I came again and again, for whom I offered myself and continue to offer myself fervently.... I am the eyes, the eyes that weep constantly through the injustice of man. I am the eyes that weep, seeing thousands of innocent children who fall prey to meanness because of minds that are agitated and in the clutches of Satan. I am the eyes that see everything, the eyes that examine hearts and minds, more than you can imagine. I come to every generation to explain my Word, I do not come alone, I come with my Mother, whom so many despise, ignoring the fact that she is: the intercessor before me, the favorite of my Father, the one who is the temple and tabernacle of the Holy Spirit. And how can you invoke the Holy Spirit within you, if you love only what are His gifts and despise, She who is His temple and Tabernacle? Love My Mother, even more, She is the protector of My people, to Her I have entrusted My Church, and he who does not cling to Her protection is like one who walks blindfolded - he will walk, but will always find obstacles in his path. My beloved people, how little conscience is kept by those who subjugate peoples! How little love for Me and how little gratitude for My House! I am love and justice at the same time, I will come soon with a scale in my hands and each of you will present yourself with your works and your deeds before me to weigh them on my scales, for I am not only love but also justice, if not, I would not be your God. I will come for those who are faithful to me, for those who listen to me and do not despise my calls and the calls of my Mother. I will come for those who know how to walk in faith, even though their feet are all covered with wounds due to life's failures and stumbles. I will come for those who know how to say: yes Lord, I am here and now! But not only with words, but with full faith, deeds and action, bearing witness to what they profess with their tongues. I come for my people, for those who are suffering, I come for the people who are suffering oppression and for the people who are suffering at this time from the effects of misused science, from the dominant desire of the great nations to take over the whole earth. How much my Heart suffers, and how many tears my Mother sheds, seeing humanity that fights against itself, that has destroyed its heart and values, not only in daily life and sharing, not only against its own body, but has destroyed spiritual values! It is with such bitterness that I look at those who profess faith before me, and are not sincere, but are tools used by the devil to increase the riches of the antichrist! The one who will be called powerful, him they will serve, knowing his infernal purposes. Man is individually rushing towards the abyss, and humanity collectively is being led by the selfish desires of a few leaders, towards holocaust and towards suffering.... my beloved people, you are not alone, I dwell in you and walk with you, I see in you, I speak in you, but.... ... I do not dwell in those who fight against humanity itself and against my creation. ... I do not dwell in those who degrade human minds. ... I do not dwell in those who usurp the lives of my children. ... I do not dwell in those who act with destructive science. You know well what is coming, and I explain to those who are mine, for man must be constantly reminded of what remains before him, for man easily forgets and is distracted by trivial matters and of this world. I have called My disciples to follow Me by all roads, to follow Me to the Cross and beyond. Therefore, I have called you, My true children, those who are not afraid to raise their voices before the cruel and powerful, who are not afraid to proclaim My Truth, Love and Justice. You who, just as you once cast your nets into the sea in order to achieve a greater catch, you still give me crystal water with which to quench the thirst of souls, those souls who still reign in my Heart and for whom my Heart burns. You, whom, as when I called my disciples, I invited to follow me and leave everything, you, my faithful ones, my true children, those who will help their brothers and sisters in moments of pain, you.... My Love blesses you with Eternal love. As the God that I am, I cannot speak my Word and praise the world and the humanity that is proud of its works and actions; I would not be speaking the truth if I proclaimed that this is a perfect humanity and if I did not warn it of such great sin and of such great coming purification.... I would not be God if I acted in this way. My Love reigns over you and this is the reason for my constant calls and the calls of my Mother. You must be aware and keep in your mind and in your memory, a strongly guarded conviction that without unity you will be defeated. Only through unity, through unity, will you be able to strengthen each other. My instruments must unite, their missions are different, just as my fingers are different, but in all of them must prevail this desire for unity, so that all of you, hand in hand, will form an invincible wall and protect and warn those who are mine, and fight against those who minimize my calls and call my instruments liars because they carry out my Will. This is my Will at this time: to warn my people to repent and return to my fold through my Word; to abide in constant repentance, putting away all that is worldly and sinful. I urge you to receive me with dignity, with a contrite and humble heart in the Eucharist, where I am present. I encourage you to accompany me to the Tabernacle, being souls who find time and do not put obstacles before me, who in me give themselves to direct their prayers to all humanity. These are difficult and dangerous moments in which minds, scourged by the power of the infernal enemy, bring pain to mankind, and it is only through true unity in spirit and in truth that my Church will be victorious, as it has been at every moment: loving one another as I love, not in separation or conflict, but in unity, being reflections of my Love and carrying the love of my Word wherever they go, but above all within themselves to reflect my goodness, my Mercy, my patience, and above all faith in me. These are not moments for hesitation, these are moments in which my true ones will make themselves known, and the lukewarm ones will be cast out of my mouth. My beloved people, strive, strive, strive, because this moment is also a moment of blessing for those who will realize the seriousness of this moment. This moment is also a blessing and mercy for those who turn to me. I stand before the lost sheep, before the prodigal son, before the laborer who came at the end of the afternoon. I come to gather all those who want to change their lives. I am love, I love everyone, I want to save everyone, but it is urgent that you voluntarily give up your human will and accept me into your life. I am Eternal Love, and I am waiting for each soul, as if it were the only one, to crown it with the gold of Ofir. My beloved ones, here you have me, from nation to nation, from people to people, from soul to soul gathering my lost people. We will walk united, facing obstacles, you are not alone, you will receive what you need, but this Christ needs your faith and the opening of the human will to fill you, to saturate you with my Love and my liking. Pray children, pray for what is coming. Pray for the great nations. My Love remains present, I do not abandon you, I warn you out of love. Each of you who remains, desiring not to stray, is the most precious jewel of My House. Remain in My peace. In the Name of my Father, in my Name and in the Name of our Holy Spirit. The strength of my House and peace be with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 28 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, those who remain attentive to my Son's and my calls are my children. I bless you, do not be discouraged before events unfold, you are protected by me. Do not be confused, trust the words of my Son. You will not be lost, my Son desires the Salvation of his people, all the faithful will inherit the Kingdom of Heaven. These great misfortunes facing mankind have already been born because of man's greed. My children will not suffer alone, I will be with each of you to comfort you, help you and give you my protective arm, and as Mother of Mercy I will continue to intercede before my Son for each of you. The giants rise with readiness, one of them will rush in and bear the burden of the pain inflicted on the innocent. Children, do not despise prayer, its fruits are unimaginable, no prayer with full awareness is lost. My beloved, do not be like the fig tree that has not borne fruit. Bring forth fruit, and that in abundance, before every event respond with unity and prayer, active prayer, in which you share with your brothers and sisters the spiritual goods you receive. Man's disobedience leads him to suffering. In the midst of suffering, purification is necessary. Disobedience to the word of my Son, disrespect for His calls and human folly have undermined man's principles, despising the greatest thing my Son has bestowed on man: the gift of life. The stars shine for man when the firmament is visible to him. When it is not, their brilliance cannot be seen. This generation allowed a spark of Divinity to be stolen from it, and allowed its soul to be overshadowed by the miseries of the infernal enemy. My presence, my Love for each of my children leads me to navigate the crystalline waters, even though when I look at souls, I find most in a spiritual void that shakes my Heart. This emptiness leads you to look at current events with indifference, and this is bad behavior. The devil is tempting my children to get lost and to snatch them out of my hands in this battle between the spiritual and the subtle. Who will doubt the primitive state of humanity, which has fallen into the lowly? I fight so that you will see with clarity the evil with which man has contaminated himself. The demons on earth instill this desire for separation, this thinking of power, this not striving to live in the Divine Will, they seize souls and hold them captive. My beloved ones, I hold you to myself. Hunger will not be the cause of downfall for those who are Mine, fear will not overcome you, for I will look at you face to face and fill you with peace and tranquility, with truth, and I will stretch out My hands to you so that you will stand. In every age my Son has sent a chosen one to lead my people and this one is no exception. He will come to guide you and lift up those who are discouraged. You must not separate yourselves, the ultimate triumph lies in unity, without unity there is no love, and without this unity every attempt is only a failed attempt. Man walks in total ignorance, despite my Son's and my calls for you to see the signs of the times. Pray for Europe, it will find itself in despair, it will suffer as if doomed to death. The United States will be abandoned by its allies. The Holocaust will be the anguish of humanity. In the end, my Immaculate Heart will triumph. My Son's Church will have to unveil the veil and become one with her children. No human being is abandoned when he cries out to the Father's House. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 02 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, I bless you, I bless you.... my Truth is spreading throughout creation, flying like the wind from person to person, looking for someone to find, looking for those who have not yet given themselves to me. My beloved ones, do not wait for what is to come to rediscover the way to Me; be one with Me, love My Mother and be an example of unity. Beloved children, darkness is approaching mankind, and I remain with each of you, so that this darkness will not overwhelm you. I will be oil and light at the same time, so that your lamps will never go out. My Church goes without ceasing, is shaken and purified. My people go against My Will, they go for their own righteousness. My beloved ones, disobedience to My call is the cause of human suffering. I show you the right way, but you do not listen and go astray. The earth will shake again, and with it your heart will shake, not because of your conscience, but because you fear the fury of nature. I want you to become aware of my calls, being attentive and obedient children of Him who gave Himself for all. It is not in vain that the drums of war rumble, which all mankind hears. This is the result of the thoughtlessness of man, a man who has pushed me away from himself, banished me and does not want to know about me. You, beloved children, who hear my calls, do not be discouraged before what is coming; on the contrary, persist in prayer and in action, bringing my Word to your brothers and sisters and thus sharing the treasure of my Will. Do not remain static; my people are a people of heroes, who prepare for my Second Coming with joy and in harmony, facing with joy what precedes it. Everything that will happen will happen in the blink of an eye before man, who expects that time, which is not time but my Will, will continue to be subject to human whims. The moment has accelerated through My Mercy, at the request of My Mother. The innocent cry out to my Mother for my coming, and I, who am all Love, listen to my Mother's cry. Man will destroy himself and my Heart will bleed, my side will be pierced anew. Man, whom I love, keeps me coming and going, calls me and turns to me when he has a need, casts me out of his soul when he no longer needs me. Nevertheless, I am Love for my children and for the one who turns to me as many times as he needs, being accepted by me if he is sincere and humble. I encourage you to pray intensely for the Middle East. I urge you to pray fervently for the leaders of the world's great powers. I encourage you to pray for the United States. Those who think they have power in their hands will be surprised. My beloved ones, look high, be astute, see the signs of the times so that you will not be taken by surprise, do not wait any longer, turn quickly to me. With Infinite Love I send help from my House to whoever wants to receive it. One will come who will be a blessing to all people, will receive my people and will guard them as long as they remain faithful and attentive to me. He will guide them in moments of darkness, and they will recognize him, for he will carry my Word. He will open the way through which my sheepfold must be led, advancing peacefully and safely toward my second coming. Let not fear or uncertainty distance you from me.... He who calls upon Me with love and sincerely repents for his deeds will be the one who finds My light, and his lamp will be filled with new oil. My beloved ones, the fire will emerge with fury from the volcano. Pray, for events are rushing one after another. Give the necessary 'yes' at this time, do not wait for what you should not wait for, nor seek what you should not seek. I am here in each of you, giving you time to call upon me, so that I may take you in my arms and protect you like a loving Father who cares for his children. Turn to my Mother, to whom I have entrusted my mystical body, so that with her protective mantle she will not allow the enemy of the soul to snatch any of those who are mine. Like a good shepherd I watch over my sheep, and they must recognize my call and my Word. Look to the heights, for from the heights will come blessing for all mankind. Do not be afraid, you remain deep, very deep in My Heart. It is My Will that you return to Me soon. I bless you, your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 08 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son has made a pilgrimage, is making a pilgrimage and will continue to make a pilgrimage from heart to heart, from soul to soul, from person to person knocking on the door for you to open it.... and at this moment my children must knock on the door of their ego and open it to my Son: their King and Lord. The history of mankind has been a history of love, pacts and alliances, but in this generation all that has happened has been distorted. As Mother and Queen of all creation, I call on you to return to the path of blessing. Those who have not obeyed the word of my Son will face purification and pain on their path. At this moment, just as in the past, those who do not obey the word of my Son and do not heed His calls are headed to face the pain of their actions. As the Mother of all humanity, I open my Heart to all those who approach and allow me to intercede before my Son. I call upon you to become fully and truly aware of the state in which this generation lives. It is necessary and urgent for each of my children to lift their eyes to Heaven and cry out to my Son for blessings, not only personally, but for all their brothers and sisters. Pain is sailing through troubled waters, approaching humanity, which looks with great indifference at everything that arises in the world, as if what happens before humanity never concerns it. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are living an ordinary life on earth, unaware of the spiritual battle that is unfolding before you at this moment: the forces of evil are fighting with the forces of good for souls. You must realize the value of the soul.... I encourage you to thank my Son for the life of each of you, and I encourage you to consciously bless yourselves and the rest of humanity. My beloved ones, purification proceeds in troubled waters by the hands of man himself. Man detonates pain without thinking about the consequences of his actions. This is how man acts, without thinking, just for the sake of acting. My hands, the hands of the Mother, hands of love, hands that soothe the suffering, the innocent and the defenseless; I extend these hands to all who will allow me to do so. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in the depths of the earth, not only are the fires moving and shaking, not only are the gases rising through several volcanoes, but the foundations of the earth itself are moving, shaking the nations bit by bit, and these nations are unable to help in time those who will continue to suffer. Beloved, look up, look at the sun, it is not kind to you because of the fact that man does not live in accordance with the Will of my Son. The sun will surprise you unexpectedly. Look to the heights, do not walk as if you do not have to look to the heights.... A great sign from on high is approaching, and he who did not want to look on high must look even without wanting to look. A sign is coming soon that will ignite the hearts of all. Beloved, are not these the signs of this moment in which you are moving? ... Are not these signs of the nearness of the second coming of my Son? ... Are they not signs that announce, not only with trumpets, but with pain itself, all that I have announced to you through all my calls in every age? ... my beloved ones, if humanity had the slightest awareness of what it brings with its evil deeds and the evil deeds of those who maintain power on earth, you would march in unity, demanding an end to violence.... this is my desire as a Mother, my Son and all those who follow my Son and love Him in spirit and truth. This is the moment of madness of unbridled humanity, which, without restraining its evil instincts, will unleash the greatest pain this generation has ever experienced in the flesh. This will be the moment foretold for the antichrist to appear and take possession of what belongs to my Son. Strengthen yourselves not only in faith, but also in constant communication with my Son, so that the coming moments will not crush you and cause you to fall to the ground. Children, be vigilant. Your faith must not falter, each of you in particular consecrate yourselves to my Immaculate Heart, and with a purely human will consecrate and surrender your lives to the Heart of my Son, so that you will receive the necessary and irreplaceable help at this moment when humanity hangs in the balance. I protect you with my maternal mantle, I bless you because I love you. Do not be afraid. Lift up your eyes and cry out with confidence to my Son, asking for protection from on high. Unity is essential for those who are Mine; love is the foundation of unity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, go united, abide in the peace of my Son and in the love of the Holy Trinity. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 13 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my mantle remains on every person who comes to ask for my protection. I am the Mother of all humanity. It is the human will that allows me to approach those who are mine or not, opening or closing doors to me. As Mother, I desire to have you all beside me. Children, you have sought personal satisfaction and in those moments you have forgotten your brothers and sisters.... you have sought my Son outside yourselves, and this has led you to fall into the extremes of evil, which is growing with increasing force, and you do not notice that it is becoming more and more widespread, leading humanity to seek perdition.... you remained dormant, and my Son comes to the Church of action, in which you first found yourselves, and then sought and helped your brother or sister. The man of this generation does not know himself inwardly, he sought my Son outside of himself, succumbing to false idols and being threatened by his own pride. This madness of the world does not allow him to quiet down. Beloved, you were born with a mission to fulfill, most go through life without knowing this personal mission; some discover it and ignore it, fearing it because they are entrenched in the worldly or blinded by fear and ignorance. My Son is looking for His sheepfold. He seeks it relentlessly, day and night, under the stars that cover the celestial dome and over the land He gave Him to own. Without waiting for man, He goes towards him, in search of those souls for whom He gave Himself. Man will not know his weakness until he realizes the greater reality that awaits him. Everyone must know his weakness and struggle to overcome it. If you pray, I will help you, but each of you must fight his own battle against his own human selfishness. The depth of evil is immense, and you remain static, being one more who does not bear fruit. Those who do nothing are wrong.... for he who does nothing falls spiritually. He who remains on the path of my Son, even if he seems to do nothing, does everything with his disposition. Man walks aimlessly, being dragged along and following the thoughts of some of the mighty. War will never be the Salvation of Nations, it is rather the oppression of man by man and the mass slaughter of innocents, whose lamentations I hear with great pain. You forget that everyone will suffer to the same degree, because pain makes no exceptions. What is not desired by the House of my Son will become apparent. The pain of the innocent will fall into the hands of those who cause it. A bitter cup will be drunk by those who, feeling that they are powerful, move without pause or boundaries, destroying everything as they pass by. Lack of knowledge, lack of reason and lack of truth in front of the reality in which man has always lived, have infiltrated the human mind, allowing a total disregard for the Divine Commandments. My children: evil exists, hell is a reality for souls, and purgatory is not an invention of the past. In the same way, Heaven is the joy of those who have gone united with My Son. Prayer is to the soul what water is to plants. Living united with the Commandments of my Son, receiving Him in Holy Communion satiates thirst and hunger and gives understanding when one is aware of unity. For each of you to find Him in your personal Tabernacle is to find the greatest treasure. Man's punishment was invented by man himself; using science to do evil, he will punish himself, and the foolish man, the one who does not believe, will be moved to the depths before so much bitterness. The seas and rivers will burn, their waters will not serve man, the sea animals will disappear, and their mutations will arouse terror. The sun sends out its fire, nothing can stop it. How many events are approaching man, these events are the fruit of his harvest! Evil is increasing, becoming gigantic; only the weight of love will be able to change man. And this love, so deep, will be given by the young man sent from my Son to fill hearts that, after the Warning, will want to know how to live in the will of Christ, King of the Universe. The human will is not a good companion of man, it leads him to a deep fall, and I encourage you to reflect and be ready to change your works and deeds. A moment is only a moment and passes quickly. Conscience will point out to each person the denial he has done to my Son and his continued rejection of God's Will. Pray for Japan. Pray for the Middle East. Pray for peace. No less is he who recognizes that he is living outside the Will of my Son and repents for it.... no more is he who recognizes the Will of my Son in his life and enjoys it in love.... mankind will lament and suffer.... And I, who love you, receive you into my womb and in it protect you from evil. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 18 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Love enlightens every person, without looking at the spiritual state they are in, I am attracted to sinners, whom I constantly seek. My radiant love cannot be shut out, it is man who holds it back with the wall that evil conduct has forged in front of each of you, a shield that does not allow the soul to feel My light. The moment is coming when man will be his own executioner, without conscience and forgiveness, without stopping and sensitizing his own conscience. I have promised those who are Mine that I will not act without warning My people, therefore each of My Words is a warning to you. The revival of faith will be darkened by the hands that dwell in My Church, depriving the weak of what little they understand and seducing them unreservedly toward a disorderly and thoughtless path. Mankind will wander without measure along the wretched and impoverished roads of daily life. The unfortunate influences of that which has led them to decay will break the weak conscience they possess. My people are not a strong people of prayer, nor have they quieted their minds, nor are they willing to abide in meditation, nor do they explore the depths of their souls for fear of seeing themselves in their reality. I am Lord of all who are mine, I have left no one outside of my Cross of love, all have been united with me in the tree of love, in my holy Cross. I do not desire minds that come to me only on Sundays, I desire the expansion of the human being, as its development within the framework of knowledge ordered in the treasure that is my great and infinite love. Enter the waters around me, put out to sea, for danger lurks on the shore. My children are resolute, they remain safe in the shadow of my Love, without ceasing to look to me and without fear of the unknown that invades them, rather they cast the nets of my Love, trusting me and receive the wisdom that is hidden. Entrusted in friendship with my Holy Spirit and enlightened by my Love, they act in unity, in love, without any compromise or limitation, my Love has no boundaries except those set by man. Those who do not know me as Father ignore my omnipotence and kneel before attractive but false gods, gods who deceive them with false beliefs and induce them to live passively without the fruits of eternal life, paralyze their physical and spiritual senses, leading them to be part of the confusion of society. Nature is a Divine creation, it is not a science apart from the creative hand of my Father. It cannot be assigned a specific destiny, rather every human being who exists on earth must see me as God who creates and lives in it. The safety and well-being of man goes beyond the moment of departure and transforms into joy when I call upon you. Children, the water continues its course. Everyone exists in a vast personal universe in which you do not act alone, but your actions are a continuous sharing with your brothers and sisters. Be foresighted, go forward in the Spirit and seek me in the silence of my wisdom, so that you may saturate creation with it. Man does not respect my requests, death and hatred are a sign of superiority, and this will deepen the chaos of humanity. The weapons that man has created are a sign of his mental state. Woe to him who starts the disaster of man, the death of my innocents and the persecution of my people!!! Look lovingly to the Heavens and do not doubt my Mercy. Volcanoes still speak to man.... The waters still speak to man.... The wind still speaks to man.... The earth will move, speaking to man.... but the blind, deaf and dumb cannot hear my pleas. The firmament will speak to man while the fire falls on the earth. Pray, my children, pray for the Middle East. Pray for El Salvador. Humanity is not walking as it should, it offends me with its evil modernisms, with its false prayers devoid of love, it sometimes embraces me and then immediately rejects me. You who love Me, My people, you who love Me in spirit and truth, and who are not ashamed of Me, abide outside the current of the world, being a witness to the presence of My Love. I bless you. Remain in my peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 21 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, these are not moments of absentmindedness, but of action. My children are assured of my Maternal protection; I have received you at the foot of the Cross, but not all of them allow me to keep them under my mantle, although I will have it open for whoever desires it. The present generation has been provided and endowed by the House of the Father to expand knowledge beyond what has gone before. Love for my Son is not shown through words.... every person can pronounce words. Love for my Son is manifested by joyful and absolute devotion to His Holy Will. Every true worshipper of my Son must silence his inner 'ego', silence the outer voices and voluntarily immerse himself in the fountain of living water. Only by taking up this path, penetrating it and listening to the Holy Spirit will my children return once again to the path that will renew their souls agitated by the multitude of snares that quickly plunge them into the veil that separates the divine from the human. The lukewarmness with which man has been treated over the centuries has not allowed him to be discerning in spirit, but on the contrary, in these struggles you seek to dismiss the comforter, the Spirit of conversion, remaining in the comfort of worldly promises. Beloved children, the indecision of souls does not allow them to penetrate the merciful love of my Son. Man is instructed to grow and be a child of God. Behold, the earth flowing with milk and honey is given to you; recognize the greatness of your Creator and immerse yourself in His mercy, knowing that love is also a rigor. Man without love is an immovable body, nothing moves or touches him; evil will take advantage of this to persecute the people of my Son, and the people must respond to what their Lord demands of them, even if they do not fully understand it. A Christian cannot call himself saved, let none of those who are mine call themselves saved; Salvation is a life, traversed, polished and given over to a daily battle with one's human ego until it is thrown away without leaving the slightest trace. This generation received blessing without considering that true knowledge is life united with the Will of my Son; it did not carry this knowledge in its reason or in its heart, remaining in ignorance; this generation did not carry it in its heart without being instructed in this great truth. The moment will come when science will declare its powerlessness, and those who are simple will be enlightened by the Holy Spirit, who will reveal to them the mysteries that science seeks without finding. You have sought my Son outside yourselves, but He is found in each of you. Beloved, magnificent temples do not please my Son, but rather the inner ones where He is loved in spirit and truth, in union with His Love and with His fellow men. Humanity lacks the spice of my Son's love, present in each of you; in its place, evil has put hatred, aggressiveness and spiritual ignorance, thus giving place to the meanness in which you live, covered with the mud of what is contemptible and disgusting, making man an undesirable being in creation. My children, pray in full consciousness and atone for the ignorance in which you live, whether by human will or because that is how you were formed, not only in the domestic temple, but also by the Church. Pray for Canada. Pray for the United States. Pray for the needs of humanity. My beloved ones, you go religiously proud, loving my Son; in His hands you will find the strength and faith to endure and not fall in the coming attacks. Man's greatest gift is life; man's greatest downfall: the threat to life. The earth has provided you with what you needed, and what has man done to the earth? ... He has polluted it, destroyed it; it rebels with greater severity, demanding what has been taken from it. My Son approaches with a rod of iron in His hand and with a heart filled with mercy. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my mantle is protection and love, gentleness and firmness, warmth and intercession. You are living moments of pain, but then a blessing will appear before each of you, fulfillment will come and everything will be at peace. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 26 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, shoulder to shoulder with My House you go forward, united with My Mother and your Mother. Children, those who remain in Me are those who, like strong trunks, are not moved by the daily attacks, but rather, in these attacks, are strengthened to fight more courageously against whatever may separate them from Me. I seek a humanity that loves me.... I am looking for a humanity that abandons itself to me, that is determined and convinced, that wants and needs me. The very human notions and interpretations of my Word and my Mother's revelations are just that: only human notions. If a person has light in his soul, he will find my light; if he carries darkness within him, he will find darkness and plunge into it, trying to darken what I have laid out. Human reasoning will not reach the breadth of my Love to accept my Word with awareness, if a person does not break through the ego and exhale humility. I am absolute Love, I am Mercy without end, and I do not judge or condemn any of those who are Mine, giving them the opportunity to repent. Man judges with prejudice, and not only man, but also those who must live a life of forgiveness: My priests, those whom I have called to keep the flame of the lit lamp of My fold. Humanity remains in great agitation, it is not necessary for my representatives to warn my sheep with judgmental words, but on the contrary, they must use the words of shepherds who call my sheep to gather in the fold, not to stray. How many of my consecrated ones do not pray, do not take care of my sheep and remain on the means of social communication, not leading my children properly! My beloved ones, the tribulation has already begun. Man has not responded as he should to my calls, nor has he realized the gravity of this moment, on the contrary: he lacks reason because he does not desire it within himself. He is afraid of anything that might make him think about his worldly conduct. Truth has been buried by appearances, souls have removed my love, and in its place they receive false liberal ideologies to persist in blindness and justify their evil deeds. Man does not know love, this language is oppressive to libertinism. Man runs away from everything that means responsibility and obligation, obedience is kept in an unknown place from the uncontrolled reactions of people. Man's thoughts are directed toward that which in its smallness interests man, lowering his thoughts toward the caverns of evil, giving strength to the enemy of the soul. And man thus belittling, with violence from himself, issues change and contempt towards his neighbor, externalizing it without measure. I came for all my people, not just for some. Beloved ones, the unity of those who are Mine is the weapon that will defeat what is coming; you know this.... and yet you fight each other without realizing that all are My children and all are brothers and sisters. My absence in human beings is more than absence, it is ignorance, darkness, apprehension or obstruction; and they continue like this until at some point the consequences of human will cause them to stop, and in some cases they look within, but they do not see me because they are in the void, taking actions outside of themselves. This generation will despise My gifts that I give it, its pride will be uncontrollable, its wicked ego will lead it to stubbornness, it will act against itself and My Commandments, staying farther away from My House, farther than at any previous time. My Love is such that, deeply desiring the Salvation of the human race, I will send help to mankind, and then: they will hear My Word in spirit and truth.... they will feed from 'a land flowing with milk and honey'... they will drink from the fountain of living water.... Again the light will come to you, so that you will not succumb to the deceptions of evil.... My Word will flow like a pure spring to those who keep the faith and do not give in to the antichrist. Children, I dwell within each of you, do not look for me outside, quiet yourselves and shut out all external noises and let me speak to your heart. It is necessary to pray and it is necessary for you to be aware that you are my children and that each of you has a special mission. Man, without realizing it, invalidates himself and breaks the connection with My House. Pray for Italy, they will suffer. Pray for a united country, it will suffer. My people are faithful, fear does not distance them from Me. I will remain with you, I will not abandon you, you are my treasure. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 30 2013 - Jesus Christ
I am on a pilgrimage from soul to soul in search of this Love of mine: my Love which I have deposited in each of those who are mine, and today I have come looking for it and have not found it. My beloved people, where are you? What has happened to you? How far have you gone from Me of your own accord! I plead from heart to heart, knocking at the door of each of those who are Mine.... and you keep them closed, not opening them for fear that I will discover that in My place false idols have seized what is Mine. You have forgotten that even if you do not open the door to Me, you are My property, My possession, and I know all that you hold within you. Just as my Love goes beyond what you can think, so I see beyond what you see. And this frantic coming and going in which today's man moves has managed to distance you from Me, because you do not think of Me to work or act, but rather let yourselves be carried away by what you have at hand, as if you could only act and work by human decision. You have forgotten that my Love is so great that I gave my life for you, and it is not right for you to dispose of it arbitrarily. You have forgotten that the greatest gift you have received is the gift of life, and whoever tries against it tries against holiness. My beloved ones, you make me relive my Passion constantly - you crucify me, crown me with thorns, my hands are pierced by human will. My feet are constantly pierced by the free will; my side is opened again and again by the human will, which does not rest day or night, walking hand in hand with the enemy, as has not happened in any other generation. The enemy glorifies the man of today..., glorifies the man of this moment, because the human being has given himself over to every pleasure in every way; by driving me out of your will, by driving me out of your heart, the enemy has taken possession of the human being, has brought it to levels unimaginable to you, in which you will destroy each other in ways you never imagined before. My beloved ones, why do you not think? Why do you not stop to feel my pain? How is it that you believe that I was nailed to the cross and my agony lasted only in that moment? No, my beloved, my Passion remains present in each of you, and I suffer and ache for the human reaction, you do not come to me with the balm of love, obedience, fraternity, but on the contrary, you throw yourselves at each other in ruthless action, without thinking and without reflection; you allow yourselves to be guided only by free will, you allow yourselves to be guided by instinct, which is not exactly a human instinct. I desire a Church holy as I am holy, in which the truth of my Love reigns, in which the truth of my Word reigns, in which my people are spoken to with truth, in which you love one another.... I desire a Church holy as I am holy, in which My servants are as transparent as the most crystalline water. I encourage my sons consecrated to my service to remove themselves from society, not from my children or from my people, but to remove themselves from social activities, because this leads them away from prayer and away from my Will and the faithful observance of it which they swore during their ordination. My beloved people, I desire you to be holy as I am holy; you are My chosen people, My possession, you are the fertile soil in which the seed of My Love grows rapidly, but in order for you to remain so, it is necessary that you give yourselves completely to Me. I encourage you to prepare yourselves, not materially, but to prepare yourselves at this moment in spirit, and for this I need you to be aware of each of my Words. Be aware of my Love for you, be aware of my requests and supplications to you, be aware that this generation is the generation for which I come in search of my holy remnant. That is why I come to you, I approach you with longing love. I come in My second coming for those who remain, struggling, being courageous, and above all loving as I love. My Word must be for you a river that refreshes, a river that nourishes, a river that purifies. Immediately I come for My people, I come for My people, I come for My holy remnant. Do not forget to consecrate yourselves to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother; it is urgent and necessary that you not only consecrate yourselves individually, but that each of you, aware that each of you is a blessing to your brother or sister, consecrate all of humanity to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother. At the same time, I encourage you to enter into the third secret that my Mother spoke at Fatima and in accordance with her request that all of humanity be consecrated, especially Russia. My beloved ones, I look upon you with so much love! With such love I turn to you! With such love I give myself to you when you receive me present in my Body, Blood and Divinity in the Eucharist! With such love I will send My help to this generation! I will not abandon you, I will send a person who will carry my Word in his mouth, my Love in his heart, and will keep you united in moments of tribulation as you approach to receive the fruits of your commitment, your obedience and your love, leading you to me in spirit and truth. Beloved ones, you must first purify yourselves, which you ask of yourselves, because you are aware that you have not acted according to My Will, but according to your free will. I ask you fervently to pray for the Middle East. My beloved ones, man has received from my House what he needs and more to survive on Earth, but using what my House has given him according to his free will, he has caused through science what will be the destruction of man himself. How saddened I am by this! How I grieve over this! This is the reason for my constant supplication to you, my people, my holy remnant, whom at the same time I urge to pray for my Church and its hierarchy. Do not forget that I did not come for some, I did not come for a small number; I come for all people, for all who turn to me with good will, aware that I am the King of Heaven and Earth. I bless you. Remain in my peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 02 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you. I call upon you to go against all the modernisms of this moment. Beloved children, at various times, in my various apparitions throughout the world, I have addressed the people of my Son, bringing God's will for humanity; with my Word I have called you to conversion and preparation for this very moment. For this reason, I do not call now as I did before to mankind, but at this moment I come to call to this generation to fulfill the Will of God. My Son suffers and sorrows before the contempt of this generation, which ignores Him and constantly pushes Him out of His way. I come to call this generation to realize all that I have asked of you in the past, so that at this time the meanness of events will not be as great as it has reached at this moment. I do not come with words, rather I come with my Heart in my hands.... I remain above the globe with my Heart in my hands, pleading for this generation that has lost its values and has not heeded the calls of this Mother, and by ignoring them, has despised the Will of my Son for every human being. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the shadow of misguided minds envelops those who are ignorant and ignorant of the present situation. Children, I do not want you to walk hand in hand with modernism, nor do I want you to give place to false idols; rather, I come to call for my Son's people to return to the path of holiness, as I called for in previous centuries. At this time, I call upon the presidents of all the nations of the world to fight to maintain the peace and unity of their peoples. In particular, I call upon the presidents of the great powers, as they look to the future, not to despise the call that I come to bring to them in the Name of my Son, and to cease all strife, and especially to cease the lust for power that will culminate in the Third World War. I cry out before the President of the United States, so that this My Son will hear this Mother who sees further than he sees, and who suffers before the consequences of military action that will cause disaster for all My Children. I cry out to my Son the President of Russia to fight firmly and stop the war. You know well that at this moment science has created what could become the destruction of humanity. There has been no other time like this when science has been so misused.... Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, behind the backs of most of humanity are hidden activities of which you are unaware, activities of the powerful who want to usurp power in all nations and dominate all peoples. In the face of warfare, communism will rise like never before, and my children will suffer like never before. I call upon all those children of my Immaculate Heart who disregard me as Mother, despise me and take my calls as falsehood. I invite you to inner silence, so that you may hear in your conscience the Will of my Son, expressed by this intercessor of humanity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, become aware of all that is happening before you, which you allow to pass by indifferently, without giving it due importance. The winds of war have not ceased, they have only been distanced from the knowledge of mankind. Not only nuclear energy will be the great scourge of mankind, but also what is in the laboratories. Misusing the blessing that My Son gave to mankind to develop science for the good, and misusing science, in laboratories they hide what could be used in warfare and torture mankind in inhumane ways. The sun will continue to bring its force closer to the earth, leading all of humanity to a great regression. Why don't you unite your efforts to seek prosperity and give protection to all helpless humanity? O people of my Son! O children of my Immaculate Heart! Be aware of my calls, which are none other than the calls of the Advocate who loves you before you were even conceived. My beloved children, with my Heart in your hand, I implore you to pay attention to this maternal word and to the call of this Mother who does not want her children to suffer. Open your consciences, do not crawl like snakes, raise your spirit towards my Son and unite in one voice and in one cry. My Son is Mercy, and I am the Mother of Mercy.... it is the rulers of the nations who hold the fate of the peoples in their hands at these moments. You my children, whether you love this Mother or not, be aware of the existence of the One God who rules Heaven and Earth, and before whom you must fall to your knees, for without His help even you, the powerful, will perish. My Son is coming, He is approaching slowly but surely, He is coming to reap a harvest, and this Mother wants it to be abundant and generous. The mystical body must raise its voice, must cry out and demand peace from its ruler. The hierarchy of the Church must be holy, as my Son is holy. I bless all my children who have raised not only prayers but also sacrifices for world peace. If this prayer does not stop the war, it will soften it, for no prayer goes unheard by my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you so that your consciences may be opened, your reason may be clear and your thoughts united with the Will of the Holy Trinity. It is not that this Mother is meddling in the politics of the world, but as Mother I have a duty to meddle by crying out for peace for you who are my children, because I love you. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 09 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be those clear and stainless crystals through which the Divine Light of my Son is transmitted to others without any interference. Beloved children, in each of my revelations at Divine command I have addressed all mankind without distinction, even those who do not consider me their Mother. I have adapted my language to each time. Just as the generations of mankind develop, I make myself understandable to my children, and in this generation I cannot fail to speak clearly to you about what is coming. As Mother, I do not keep silent, I do not keep anything to myself, but I communicate to my people all that my Son allows me to communicate to you. Beloved children, you must keep your faith; the coming attacks may make you waver, so at all times I call upon you to remain strong and sturdy, to be devoted and to adore my Son 'in spirit and in truth,' crying constantly to Heaven, so that the Spirit of God may not abandon you. Woe to those who are darkness in the light! Woe to those who pretend to be light in darkness! Because they will not escape my Son's gaze or His weight, my Son's Church will be greatly shaken. Faith must not falter at any time. You, my people, my children of my Immaculate Heart, you who continue to faithfully listen to the calls of this Mother, are aware of the severity of the moment in which you live: this generation has separated the House of my Son from its life. My Son calls to you constantly, and I, as Mother, come to you because I love you all with my Motherly love. In the light of the truth of Scripture, discern the signs of these times, do not be blind or deaf, do not desire to give false interpretations to pure and crystalline water. This generation must be purified, tested, and then it will sit down at the table with my Son to enjoy an eternal feast. My beloved ones, violence has taken over the reasoning, thinking, conscience and heart of those who are Mine, leading them to fall into the power of the evil one, the oppressor of the soul. This is no ordinary struggle, this is a bitter and bloody struggle. Aware of this, strengthen yourselves with the sacraments, visit my Son and receive Him in the Eucharist. Woe to those who, considering themselves scholars of my Son's word, pass top-down judgments against my chosen ones! My Son was despised, treated like Beelzebub when he preached the truth. I call upon my faithful instruments not to fear oppression, obedience is the key that opens the door to the Will of God, in which faith prevails and the strength to proclaim the calls of Heaven without hiding what has been revealed to you. Children of my Immaculate Heart, violence is increasing all over the world; great realities are kept secret, massacres, genocides that are committed in the face of the indifference of governments carry with them the blood of the innocent. Violence will become more common and my children will suffer and lament, but martyrdom, pain and suffering are crowns in Heaven if you offer them out of love for the Will of my Son. How many are massacred for professing faith in my Son! But they enjoy eternal happiness. Woe to those who labor in silence, causing the death of my children! These are not moments of gentleness, these are moments of truth and words, of severity, so that this generation heeds the calls of the House of my Son, because human stubbornness has led you to destroy what my Son gave you on earth for your survival. Creation in general laments before man, who because of sin has been condemned to leprosy. I encourage my priest sons to preach strongly, to save souls and to satiate my Son's desire for those He loves. My beloved ones, the war is advancing, and with it pain and destruction, but you who love this Mother and are part of my battalion of praying souls, do not rest, continue to intercede for your brothers and sisters. Those who deny my calls and my Word will see that what I have revealed has been fulfilled, and with delighted eyes they will see that what I have announced has been fulfilled, they will believe, and I will welcome them with open arms and a loving heart. But let them not delay their conversion, for time is not time, and the moment has ceased to be a moment. My beloved ones, blessings come from Heaven to earth, look on high, love this almighty God, Creator of Heaven and Earth, this God who can do all things and who knows all things. Do not be afraid of the news that reaches you, but stand firm in faith and await the blessing that the House of my Son will send to all mankind. Go with your eyes directed toward Heaven, for your guardian angels, the companions of your brothers' journeys, will not abandon you, and my Son will send myriads of his sons, angelic beings, to rescue the faithful who are suffering. My children, the Warning is not far from this generation, it is going to meet it, and then the truth will be revealed in the soul of each of you, and how will those suffer who persecuted those who, out of obedience and love for the House of my Son, have preached and will preach the truth! Pray for the Church, it will be shaken, it will be divided. Pray for all those who, being innocent, meet death at unknown, foreign hands. Woe to those who dispose of the gift of life! How many innocents are removed second by second! My Heart sheds blood for them. Degeneration increases, and man tries to justify himself, proclaiming that everything is fine; this is because his conscience has been tainted and does not see the reality, although the offense is continuous. You who are aware of this, raise your voice and lead your brothers and sisters with courage, do not be afraid of rejection. My Son was rejected by his own, do not fear rejection, do not fear those who can take your life, rather fear those who can steal your soul. I bless you, I keep you in my Heart, in the Ark of Salvation. Remain in the peace of my Son and in my motherly arms. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 16 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my hands remain stretched out before you to support you and that you do not lose faith in the face of daily attacks. Do not doubt the request for my maternal protection, for my maternal blessing. You are the faithful of my Immaculate Heart who listen attentively to my words and respond quickly to them. My beloved, people of my Son, at this moment communism has ceased to be a shadow and has become a dragon that will soon breathe fire over humanity, causing great havoc. Do not underestimate how this dragon is advancing, so much so that it will invade nations and subjugate people. My beloved, the obedience of my children is the banner of truth, obedience to my calls and summons is the response of the faithful to the Will of my Son. Disobedience feeds evil in all its manifestations; disobedience was the cause of man's fall, while obedience lifts him up. My beloved people, I have come and will come to ask you for reparation. You, my beloved and faithful children, make reparation for disobedience to my call. Children of my Immaculate Heart, faithful to my Son: behind, plunged into darkness, leaders are making pacts to favor one another. These alliances plunge this generation into pain and oppression such as you have never experienced before; cruelty against the faithful will be punished. Those who have united at this moment will later betray each other, which will cause unexpected wars. My beloved, how much could be avoided through obedience! And with disobedience, how much pain approaches humanity! You who entrust your path to this Mother, do not refuse for a moment. I do not underestimate my children, my Heart waits for the supplications of those who are mine to come quickly to their aid. How many live completely immersed in the temporal, entrusting the security of their future and their lives to the god of money! And in the midst of suffering they will regret it. How many put their hope in saving their bodies, and how wrong they are! Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, protect yourselves in the Cross of my Son, in the Holy Cross of my Son, which is a refuge for sinners and true Christians. How many reject and ridicule the Holy Scriptures! How many deny the Word of God contained in the Holy Scriptures, with haughty voices deny it, and with astonishment and repentance groan before such grave sin. Continue to feed on the Body and Blood of my Son. Unite yourselves with my Son in every step, in every deed and in every work of the day, so that evil does not make you a victim. My beloved ones, do not be discouraged, remember that my children multiply without end, and their prayers and deeds make up for so much evil that exists. Beloved children, the continents will change in their geography. Those who are faithful to my Son must not fear, because your companions in life, your companions on your journey, your protectors and my heavenly hosts will save you, they will not allow my Son's people to perish, because you will be the seeds for the future of peace and love that awaits humanity. On this journey through the valley of tears, my Son will send the comforting balm of His Word as a consolation in moments of great tribulation. This balm will be a creation that will accompany the faithful and humble-hearted, obedient people; not diminishing the authority of the hierarchy of my Son's Church, but tearing apart the valley that blinds people, preventing them from seeing the truth. My beloved people, children of my Immaculate Heart: do not cease in prayer, do not cease in being a living witness of my Son's love for all mankind. And in the midst of the coming tribulations, adore, glorify and praise my Son; do not be discouraged, for your defenders will come with manna to sustain my children. Do not forget to cling to the Holy Cross, do not be afraid to proclaim that you are Christians. I encourage you to pray for my beloved people of Peru, who will unite with the Holy Cross of my Son. I encourage you to pray for my beloved Chilean people, to whom I have addressed my presence, and now I encourage them not to let my words be forgotten, and in no way to let their faith falter. I encourage you to pray for my beloved Argentina, the Holy Cross of my Son will come to unite with this land, but first it must be purified. Beloved children, the faith of the people is the great miracle of my Son's love for man himself, the faith of my children is a support at every moment. My Son is coming for His holy remnant, my Son is approaching with Power, Glory and Majesty, shaking the universes and all His creation. How ignorant the man of science still is, and how ignorant of the power and omnipotence of the Father! My Son is approaching with His legions, full of majesty, as the King of Glory and power Christ reigns, Christ conquers all evil! I encourage you, My children, to continue to consecrate yourselves to My Immaculate Heart every day, instances deserve it, and in your personal consecration, do not forget the consecration of Russia, as I asked when I revealed My Third Secret at Fatima. My beloved ones, I bless you. Do not forget that my protective mantle remains over each of you, do not earnestly seek the truth in modern and false ideologies; the truth is written, and I have come to explain it to this generation that, blind, deaf and dumb, with a heart of stone, does not want to recognize the word of my Son. I encourage my sons of priests to live in poverty as my Son lived, to go from town to town to bring the truth, to give comfort to the sick and afflicted. I encourage my sons priests to be simple and meek, I encourage them to love all my children, not stopping only at social partisanship. Zealously seek the good of souls, do not despise any person, even if they are the most sinful or poor. I encourage you to go out and proclaim the truth, souls not only come to the temples, but are also found outside them, in the homes of the communities entrusted to you. As shepherds, go out like beggars of love to knock on the doors of the homes in your communities to comfort and bring all the sheep into the fold. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not separate yourselves from the love of my Son, do not separate yourselves from this Mother who loves you and who, with my mantle full of the beauty of the firmament, wished to speak to man so that he would understand that the stars shine not only before the limited eye of man, but shine in the omnipotence of the Father's creation. Bless you, remain in peace. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 20 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you. Take my hand that you may walk safely and grow in faith. Take My hand with full human freedom and let Me transform you in spirit and truth. I have given you nets to accompany me in the midst of a greater catch. Within the freedom that each of you possesses, you will know whether to accompany me in the sea, or instead, on the shore, you gather all that is not mine and allow yourself to get dirty in the mud of what is worldly. From generation to generation I call on souls with equal intensity, you are my beloved children. Do not continue to pollute the human conscience, see how my Love desires to transform you, how my Heart desires to find you in it. My beloved people, I am Infinite Mercy, and My Mercy warns you, for what has not been fulfilled will be fulfilled, for what is foretold by My House is fulfilled in season and out of season. These are fragile moments for everyone, but I remain here before each of you, in each of you, so that you will not be easy prey for evil. Beloved, fight and do not pollute your thoughts, mind and heart with all that has been fabricated by modern man, who walks around with an empty spirit and a conscience saturated with what is not Mine. How much I warn you to return to Me! And my people will suffer even more. And how can you ask me as a good shepherd not to warn those who are mine, when evil does not rest from constantly attacking my people, weakening them in one way or another? My people, the ingenuity of some is their weakness, and the aggression of others along with their ignorance is the sword that leads the weak to fall, and that is why I am here before each of you with open hands for you to take them and walk beside me. How many ideologies surround you, my beloved children! But one is my Truth and you cannot change it, one is my Love and you cannot change it, one is my Body and you cannot change it, one is my reviving and redeeming Blood. Moments change, but My Word does not change, it remains. My Body and my Blood do not change, they remain. My beloved people, cling to My Cross of victory. On My Cross I gave Myself, and on it I abide with deep love for each of you. How many are persecuted because of My Name! How many are massacred because they did not deny Me! ... and no voices are raised proclaiming and proclaiming this truth to mankind, remaining hidden those who in my Name and out of love for me give their lives. These remain at my side, sitting at my table. The right to call yourselves true Christians does not belong only to those scholars who proclaim my Word, does not belong only to those who loudly claim to know my Word, but belongs to those who live and fulfill my Will.... and my Will is that you love one another with my Love, that you enter into the mystery of my Love and that you come to know me deeply. He cannot love me who does not love me in silence, in meditation, in prayer and in devotion for his brothers and sisters. Such are the Christians of this moment, those whom I, your Jesus, desire. My beloved people, help one another, share My Divine Love for you with your brothers and sisters. The moment of moments is so close that those who live immersed in the world's noise are unable to hear how close I am and how close the events are. Continue to look on the heights, for I am coming for those who are mine, to save my people with my Love and my Truth. Do not give up and do not falter before those who threaten you, if you do not renounce my Love; my legions will accompany you, so that amidst the outcries you will not lose faith. Pray, my beloved people, pray for Spain, her heart will bleed. Pray, my beloved people, pray for the United States, for it will burn. Moments are bloody, but my Beloved overcomes all, I do not abandon you. Do not be discouraged before trials, every trial is a drawing nearer to Me, it is revealing Myself to you, it is entering into the mystery of My Infinite Love. Do not limit Me, for My Omnipotence surpasses man and all creatures. Let the fire of my Love consume what is of the world, what has entered you, so that, like iron in a crucible, you come to me, wanting to find me in the truth of my Word. I bless you. Abide without fear, for fear belongs to those who have no faith. Mine know Me and know that I will never abandon them. I love you and bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 23 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved nation, you go and with every step you take, my precious blood is shed to protect you. You live on, separating me from you and pushing me away from you.... My beloved ones, in the end times I will be cruelly cast out by my children and abandoned by those who are mine. My beloved people, consternation will reach all who love Me, but faith in My protection must keep you safe. Just as my people were fed in the wilderness, those who are mine will be fed and protected. The oppressor of souls, with a heavy hand, turns to torture my people with deceptions and lies.... and my people will believe in him. You are turning away from Me so quickly that My Heart is constantly trembling. You do not know Me: you have come to deny Me.... you have come to forget My Word.... you have come to even mention that My Word is not true.... you have come to question Me, and science has not developed for the good, rather, on the contrary, it has led man to feel superior to Me and to believe that he is the master of all that has been created, but the creation retains subjection and respect to its Creator and Lord. Only man forgets about Me with great ease. I am King and watch over my people constantly, but my people have denied me and I must wait with my infinite patience until they return to me. My beloved people, my Blessing is not separated from you, it remains within you, it is you who constantly turn away from my presence, form my Love and do not accept my Word, which is a blessing for your journey. I encourage you to pray for my beloved nation of Costa Rica, they will suffer. I encourage you to pray for Jamaica and China, they will suffer. And all those souls who remain before me supplicant, humble and obedient, fighting against all the machinery of evil, I invite you to spread my Word and to bring everyone to the knowledge of consecration to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother, urgently, at this important moment for this generation. My beloved keep the peace, from the warnings of an economy that is mired, lost and stifled. It is not with the god that man worships and rules over the will of materialistic man, it is not with the false god of money that my people will reach me; it is with the awareness and obedience to my Words and the faithful fulfillment of my Commandments, it is with the constant abiding of each of you in the Will of God, it is with the action of my people, being a living witness to my striking love. Remember that evil moves swiftly, while my Church continues passively, be aware of the truth I convey. My beloved people, I lovingly call upon you to be worthy of my children, to abide in the faith and fulfill my requests, for I will come soon to reap the harvest and separate the wheat from the chaff. I bless all those of my children who make the effort to ensure that my Word and my requests reach all your brothers and sisters. I bless those who suffer for me, those who endure, those who boldly proclaim my calls to this humanity thirsting for Divine Love, and who continually despise me. Nature is already giving signs of repulsion toward man; animals are giving signs of the nearness of My coming and of the purification of man of this generation. The pure earth, which sustained those who are Mine, you have contaminated down to its bowels, and therefore man will suffer the consequences of this great evil which he himself has caused. I bless you with My Love, I bless your mind, your thoughts, I bless your will to bind it firmly and place it before My presence. Remain in peace, not forgetting that this King does not abandon His own and will provide whatever is necessary so that My children will not suffer more than necessary. My Love and My Peace be with each of you. I bless you. Carry My Word and My Love within you constantly, for only he who is a living witness of My conduct and actions is a worthy reflection of My Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 29 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I carry you in my maternal womb to protect you from whatever can harm you. My Son came and sacrificed Himself for everyone, for all people without distinction, and even more so for those who do the will of His Father. Children, this is the moment when you must become conscious, fully aware of your actions, you cannot continue to act without first considering the consequences of those actions. Every step you take, every word you speak, every thought that is born, every emotion you externalize must be sealed with the blood of my Son, because your personal behavior must carry before you the awareness that you are mirrors of my Son. At this time, my beloved children must act with full awareness of the events that are unfolding. Humanity is on the brink of a hecatomb; the misuse of the discoveries of science is keeping this generation on the brink of extinction. Right now, man is being fed degeneration of his body, unknown diseases that are on the rise, while cancers are proliferating. Humanity is being lied to and deceived into consuming genetically altered food in laboratories, with the sole purpose of economically increasing the production of this food, without most people being aware of it. Everything is presented falsely under the pretext of greater and better development for the human body. The pharmaceutical industry, in turn, has taken part in this disruption of the human body; the chemistry has not been used properly. At the moment, humanity is degenerating in its cells and its entire body is being brought to unimaginable regression. The big food industry is poisoning my children's body system, and they don't realize it. Is this not a product of evil? Isn't this an arm of the antichrist that wants to eliminate millions of my children through disease? Right now, man is under attack by technology, leading him to disconnect and completely separate his relationship with his brothers and sisters. This cannot continue; human interaction has been interrupted, diminishing brotherhood, and the lack of communication is the cause of man's deadly and unexpected reactions. Children of my Immaculate Heart, science, with its advances, aims to make each person independent, without needing his brothers and sisters. In this way, it is easier to lead a lonely soul down the wrong paths. It is different when my children are united and in one heart, then they are strong. The events that I foreshadow through this, my maternal heart, are at the blink of an eye. Man, my Son, must prepare his conscience and walk correctly, must expand his mind and his heart to receive and hear the inspirations, guidance and discernment from the Holy Spirit, the Comforter. My beloveds, behind the apparent peace and apparent efforts for peace lies the one and only government that the powerful of this world will establish. With the establishment of one government, mankind in general will be at the mercy of the whims of the supreme leaders, and thus one currency and one religion will be established. My beloved people will suffer in the face of this new structure that will be presented to humanity. You should see beyond the words that are addressed to you and prepare yourselves not only for events, but allow your conscience to guide you on the path of goodness. Adhere lovingly to the word of my Son, keep an inner silence so that you may hear my Son and that He may guide you. Beloved children, how many have turned back from the spiritual path through the word of a consecrated person who did not follow the Will of my Son! How many do not desire to return to the path of my Son! At this time, beloved sons of my Immaculate Heart: you must be those shepherds of whom my Son speaks in the Holy Scriptures, you must be humble and simple, you must know how to lead my children with love and patience, you must be austere like my Son, and you must bear witness before your brothers and sisters to the true spiritual and material life, in the likeness of the Divine Teacher. Friction between powers, accelerates disputes and accelerates confrontations. This is used to cause great agitation and strife among the people, bringing pain. Children of my Immaculate Heart, look to the heights, because from the heights the blessing descends, do not underestimate the signs, see how the habits of animals have changed, this is a sign of the vibration of the earth from within, and this is perceived by the animals, who immediately change their behavior. Learn to see the signs of the times, nature has made the weather unpredictable, the fury of nature surpasses that of the past, the whole world will shake, and countries located in coastal areas will suffer the most. My beloved ones, pray for one another, receive my Son, open the doors of your hearts to Him and allow Him to transform you from within, first individually. Attract your brothers and sisters through your witness. Attract your brothers and sisters through your witness. The enemy of the soul, the antichrist, is moving through the streets of Rome and has created strong ties that will lift him up. My children, if you are not spiritually ready, you will be drawn into the pits of evil and sin. My children be vigilant, for Freemasonry is the vestibule of the antichrist. Do not be carried away by modernism and inconsistency. Be the holy remnant, those souls who, like lit candles, remain to bring blessing to all mankind. Fight, be courageous in proclaiming the word of my Son, fulfill His Will and His Commandments. Be aware of the purification, it has already begun, and in the near future the trials and scourging will be constant. Do not forget that you are children of the King of Heaven and Earth, and all those who are faithful to Him will find in the midst of tribulations the joy and consolation of calling themselves sons and daughters of Christ, sons and daughters of the King, sons and daughters of the Almighty, seeing in tribulations a sacrifice pleasing to God and receiving a crown for this good conduct. My beloved ones, pray for China, they will suffer excessively. Pray because nuclear energy has contaminated the entire planet and the earth has become sick because of man's behavior. My beloved ones, pray for those countries where their rulers oppress their peoples with the rod of communism, which like a roaring lion charges at the humble and simple. Beloved, be vigilant and do not allow my Son to be cast out of the heart, mind and thoughts of each of you. I bless you with all my unceasing love; my Love is before each of you, so that fear may not reach you, but that your conscience may be transformed at this moment. I remain with you to defend you.... I remain to be Mother and, with outstretched arms, cradle you. Do not be afraid. I love you warmly. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 04 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Heart is wrapped in love for you. Each of you is irreplaceable in the great work of creation. I abide with you every moment so that you do not fear in the face of adversity. My beloved ones, this generation lives constantly with minds and thoughts haunted by technology and by the decline of human morality. This cannot be an excuse not to rise; mankind has faced the obstacles of its generation at every moment, but those who have wished to overcome trials and approach my Son have achieved this. It is to you that I speak, to you who are the people of my Son and who are my children, those whom I love infinitely.... beloved, nature must be a sign to you, seeing it and contemplating it should not go unnoticed, as nature has grown old in the hands of man, rather it should be a great sign. Everything that exists gives man signs to warn him and so that what is approaching does not go unnoticed. Animal behavior is no longer what it used to be, it is unnatural. Animals are leaving their habitats because they sense that nature is advancing by leaps and bounds to meet man, who has overwhelmed and killed it because of the great contamination man has poured upon it. My beloved ones, do not expose yourselves to the sun, which emanates its power, energy, magnetism and elements that harm man. Beloved ones, you will experience a great crisis of faith, in which a great number of those who are mine will falter. That is why I warn you, that is why I urge you not to stop looking at your inner state. Those who do not delve into themselves and correct themselves, it will be difficult for them to rise on their own, therefore I send souls, beings with my Words and with my urgent calls, so that nothing surprises you. Surrender your thoughts, do not give freedom to the human 'ego', which clutters the path of the Spirit with illusions. My beloved ones, keep your mind as pure as crystal water, so that your senses find balance and stop immediately. Do not expose yourselves to the worldly, do not think of the transient, but of the eternal life that awaits you. As a Mother, I address this generation so that you will understand me, and so that events will not find you undecided about what I am insistently announcing to you. The human being must exalt his soul, detach it from what is earthly and unite it with the Spirit. The human being must transcend and maintain his life in search of true union with my Son. I intercede for each of you, just prepare yourself, recognize that you need a change so that I can help you, united with the saints you ask for help. Man will not rise on his own, he needs the help of Heaven, so that in this way he can find the path of truth. My beloved ones, it pains me to see the troubled footsteps of this generation, but you can turn back from this path if you keep your thoughts and mind by my Son, with a gentle heart and senses surrendered to my Son, who sacrificed himself for all mankind. In the midst of the world's turmoil, quiet your inner voices and remain united with my Son and in my Immaculate Heart. Only in this way will you be able to overcome the trial that will follow; each of you will look at yourself and at the same time feel that you have moved away from my Son. You will see your works and deeds, and my Son will not allow even one work or one deed to go unrecognized by you. These will be moments that will seem like an eternity; the trial is necessary for man to recognize the poverty in which he lived, being a child of the King, the Lord of all creation. Spiritual poverty usurped by what is worldly, empty, transient and immoral. My beloved, return to the true path, and those of you who do not yet know my Son, turn to Him; I will be the advocate of all who approach. The moment of trial is approaching; the man who lacks love for his neighbor and who does not know brotherhood uses the power he possesses to overpower his neighbor. I grieve for the crimes, for so many innocents who have been aborted, and for those who fall prey to hatred and power that uses them at will.... I ache for my children whose bodies are destroyed and they do not see it.... I ache for discrimination... How my Heart suffers from the annoyances and offenses that are taking place at this time! Ah, they did not take place as they did in this generation! Therefore, the people of my Son must be purified as iron melts in the fire. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart: be vigilant, do not be careless, communism is persecuting all of mankind, it is in power in small countries and cities, it is growing and surreptitiously taking over in order not to be completely discovered and in this way it is growing, it is growing this scourge of the end times. It is the arm and at the same time part of the head of the antichrist - it is taking over all of humanity and will cause great pain and confrontations among my children. My beloved ones, there are so many things I must warn you about that I ask you to pray constantly to my Son that the Holy Spirit will enlighten you and give you the discernment necessary in the bloodiest moment of trial. Do not forget that the enemy of man takes the form of an angel to confuse you; how many will come to you with words of love.... and in reality they are wolves in sheep's clothing! Children, feed on the Holy Spirit, feed on the Body and Blood of my Son, do not neglect the Spirit, and be the masters of your senses, and not the senses the masters of you. Remember that he who desires the first place will not receive it unless he lowers himself and makes himself the least of all. I urge you not to let yourselves be confused, otherwise false ideologies will infiltrate your minds and lead you to your downfall. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for Colombia, as it will suffer great oppression. Pray, my beloveds, pray for Chile, which will groan. Pray because every time the spirit of war approaches this generation. Remain steadfast, pray for one another, serve one another, preserve brotherhood, despise what is material and love what is spiritual. I bless you. Remain in peace and with my Love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 07 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Will calls you.... Every human being remains in My Heart, without distinction. I see human freedom, without turning away from the constant call to the door of your Hearts. I welcome you with open arms. I suffer and will suffer with each of you every desolation, every injustice, every abuse against the gift of life, every scourge caused by the destructive arms of the forces of evil against My people and every abuse of power against the weak and simple. I allow freedom, but the people who have power in the world, abuse, scourge the freedom of those who are mine, subdue thoughts and imprison the mind to bend the human will to what they want, to thoughts that are unyielding. This generation, an expert in scientific progress, is being whipped at every moment, by those to whom humanity itself has entrusted power. Abuse of power is one of the scourges of my people. Right now, my people are again facing pharaohs more powerful and dangerous than in the past. Nuclear energy has a purpose; it was created to destroy humanity en masse, regardless of class or beliefs. The spectrum of nuclear energy will culminate in the destruction of man by man. I urge you again and again to be spiritual people who pass above what is human and see your brothers and sisters from on high, so that they do not see your faults, but like my mirrors see the qualities and degrees of each of your brothers and sisters. Humanity does not advance unless you are ready to transform the 'human ego', the cause of the greatest misfortunes of all generations, once and for all. Ignorance looks at itself, good disposition sees My Will, not human will. Pray, my people, pray for Japan, she will contaminate the earth. The land that has lulled you and that has provided you with what is necessary has received cruelty from man, just as I have received from man the deprivation of love of those who are mine. Egoism suppresses sensitivity and love, leaving room for evil to take possession of man. I call on you to awaken in everyone the true spiritual race. You will not achieve this through violence, but through consciousness and, above all, through the disposition of man to My intentions. Renew yourselves inwardly in a spirit of generosity, keep my teachings, do not look at them superficially, as you are accustomed to do, but in their essence. My beloved ones, the pain of my Heart is real pain. I dwell in each of you, I grieve with my people and I walk with my people in unity. I am not a God of fears, but of truths, and in them each one is responsible for his actions. The way of the cross is not just suffering, but fullness of joy in commitment.... the way of the cross is a sign of resurrection, purification, and in the cross love is built; whoever does not know my cross does not know me. I have not forsaken my people and I will not abandon them. I send my blessing from on high, this blessing is my Word: pure, clean and transparent. It will come to share the encouragement of my Love with my people while they are in the hands of the usurper. What has been prophesied will be fulfilled, and people will see with pain the struggles that will intensify and spread throughout the earth, bringing havoc to human beings. Pray my people, pray for the Middle East, cruelty will spread to humanity. The God of money will collapse, and Freemasonry will rise to the forefront alongside others that serve evil, not only the Spirituality of nations, but the world economy. It will be a destructive force, because my people have not understood that the antichrist, far from being just one person, relies on the entire force that feeds him on Earth, aiming to dominate every man and woman. They have indoctrinated you not to believe that the son of evil will come and all who are lukewarm will fall into his clutches. Nourish your faith with a righteous disposition, conscience cannot exist if man does not make himself ready for me to act in him. The earth is exhausted by so many sins that are on it, and the earth will make a draught of fire come out of the volcanoes, and in those moments those who did not want to listen will remember my Words and cry out for my help and my Blessing, and I will come to man out of love. Do not forget that my Heavenly hosts will make themselves present on Earth and will be visible to the eyes of mankind. Do not fear, my beloved people, your prayers and, above all, your communion with my Commandments and precepts, with my Body, my Blood and Divinity will be a strong armor that will not allow the enemy to bring you down. My Mother: the Gate of Heaven and the Morning Star, will enlighten the Heart of those who are Mine. My beloved people, when disease is known to all men and approaches you, polluting everything in its path that has life, do not forget that My Mother is your refuge, and Her love in its various invocations will heal Her children. My Mother will not abandon you, even if you do not love her. Look to the Heavens, for the signs are continuous, they do not stop, rather they warn you to see in advance what is coming. A person who does not live in silence will see no farther than where the eyes see. Remain ready to lift up your brother or sister, not for him or her to lie on the ground. He who is afraid is afraid because he does not dwell in Me and has not allowed Me to embrace My Kingdom in him. I am the Righteous Judge, and the measure I give is the most just. Do not be afraid, but accept my calls with confidence, so that your faith will not falter and your spirit will be free, truly free. I bless you, I love you, I give you my blessing so that all who live and deeply ponder this call of mine will be filled with wisdom. I bless you in my Father's name, in my Name and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 10 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Heart shields you and my Love burns when you respond with a firm resolve to improve. Be impenetrable before those who wish to turn you away from my Son with lies, be attentive and do not turn away from the Will of my Son. I am the suffering Mother in the face of the events that will intensify for humanity and humanity's lack of conscience in the face of what its brothers and sisters are experiencing where the hand of nature scourges them. What I am telling you must be taken seriously, it is not just another message, it is the moaning of my Heart, which does not want you to be taken by surprise. You, my children, will be able to overcome evil, but first you will be put through the sieve of purification, on which you will be more besieged in spirit and conscience, which at the moment is saturated with what is worldly and its earthly gods. My Son's cross is heavy, and must be carried by his Church, consecrated persons and laity, in moments of great spiritual confusion and provocation. These are times worse than those of Sodom and Gomorrah. Children of my Heart, I grieve over the persecution to which those who remain faithful to my Son are and will increasingly be subjected. Evil has infiltrated the minds of some people in order to satiate the desire for revenge against the people of my Son, nestled in hearts that are dormant and immersed in what is earthly, hardened by a lack of love for my Son and neighbor. Be aware that my Son remains with each of you, He has not left you and will not abandon you - this is His promise. In these moments, He has entrusted to me those who are His, so that I, as Mediatrix, intercede and come to every heart, pleading for the love of the Holy Trinity, so that souls will not perish. Beloved ones, do not persist in ignorance, each of you is the image and likeness of the Creator, and as such possesses the attributes to walk in the increasing blessing you have received from the Holy Spirit and to be the light of the world and the salt of the earth. Beloved, draw near to receive my Divine Son. He will fill all who are empty; you will not have to look for Him where you will not find Him. Do not pretend that in one day you will receive what you have not wanted to receive for years, be persistent and do not lose faith. Pray my dear children, pray for Spain, for it will bring pain upon itself. Pray for Mexico, it will suffer greatly. It is not in the great and exposed reasons that mistakes are seen, but rather in what seems hidden and passes for harmless. Be lit lamps with new oil. Look to the Heavens, for from on high will come blessing. My Son will send you balm for your pain, will send help from His House to sustain you. The water will continue to flog the earth, the earth will move, and my children will lament the great amount of insult they have caused, and the effect of what they themselves have spawned; nature has thrown itself upon the earth, emerging from the depths of the earth itself. The sun will emanate its warmth to the earth and you will be surprised. Stay with the good goal of being better every day, maintain the disposition to be better, this way it will be easier to go without finding so much resistance in yourself. Humanity turns against the hands of the clock, so going through life is more difficult because the hands of the clock turn faster. It is necessary for you to grow and love what the Father desires for each of His children. The Holy Trinity is given to everyone equally, it is ignorance that leads to not everyone seeing this Divine Light in a similar way. Receive the Divine Light with great awareness, and the rest will be given to you. Before the great darkness comes upon the earth and the whole earth shakes, change, change, children! A moment is not a moment, and souls wishing to attain eternal life must prepare themselves not to wait, but to give themselves in spirit and truth. Do not forget that my Son will ask: 'who is my Mother and who are my brothers?' ... striving to please my Son must be the most important thing for everyone. My children are souls who struggle not to expose themselves to temptation, not to fall and suffer in eternal fire, for temptation sometimes leads you to always persist in sin. Those who remain in constant struggle, those, will enter the Heavenly Home. These are not useless words; mankind is a fraction away from suffering from its sins and distrust and rejection of my Son. The signs are in sight - mankind does not want to see them out of fear. It is never too late, only you must not wait until the last minute. I am waiting for you, I will place you in my Heart as a temple and sanctuary of the Holy Spirit, I remain with you, you only need to call upon me. I bless you with my Heart full of love, Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 16 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I intercede constantly for all mankind before my Divine Son. I do not turn away from you. My faithful children will bear a heavy cross. Each of them has taken up his cross to follow my Son; in the cross they will find the true way, the way that my Son walked, to give Himself and redeem all mankind. My children give themselves for their brothers and sisters, my children give their lives for their brothers and sisters, thus fulfilling the First Commandment and loving God the Father above all things. Pain is part of man's journey, and when this pain is offered and endured with patience, it is transformed into purification and joy for the Spirit. When a person remains indifferent to all that surrounds him, he is still just one who leaves no trace; he is still one who does not share with his brothers and sisters the pain, joy and what he faces in life. The one who knows brotherhood, who truly knows what God's love is, the one who does not look indifferently at his brothers and sisters, remains the image, the mirror of my Son. Humanity is approaching intense moments of suffering because of the arrogance, pride and godlessness of which man is the object; by turning away from your Creator, you have allowed the enemy of souls to take possession of your hearts, making you insensitive beings. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not separate yourselves from this Mother, I do not abandon you. As I am a faithful disciple of my Son, so I desire that you, my beloved children, be faithful disciples of my Son; I lead you toward Him, toward His way and toward His truth, so that you may enjoy full happiness and sit down at the table of the heavenly banquet. My beloved ones, I make my pilgrimage from place to place, carrying the word of my Son, and so carrying my desire that no more souls perish. My cry goes out to all mankind - not just to a few, but to all mankind. You must constantly examine yourselves so that you will return to this path with a disposition for good, refusing to fall into the clutches of evil. This generation, like others, does not want to listen to the calls of the House of My Son. Do not look to me, look to my Son, who sacrificed himself for you on the Cross. I remained at the foot of the Cross for all, and so at this moment my faithful children must remain at the foot of the Cross, the sign of redemption and glory. My beloved ones, follow the narrow way, against worldly fashions; what is worldly is transient and distances you from the truth, creating false gods that are easy to cling to with tricks and traps, against what is good. My Son offers you the Bread of Life, and you do not want to participate in this feast. You have despised true love for fleeting love, you have despised truth, preferring lies, and you have despised fidelity, choosing unfaithfulness. O my children, children of my Immaculate Heart, make reparation, make reparation for the pain inflicted on my Son, make reparation for the pain inflicted on Him by those who mock Him. My beloved ones, these are the violent moments in which this generation moves; violence overwhelms man, and man reacts simply by impulse. Reflect and set your minds on the good, even if you leave the road flooded with your tears. My beloved ones, in order to attain eternal blessing, you must change; this moment is the moment of decision: those who are lukewarm will be cast out of the Mouth of the Father. You must decide with your will and disposition to change the path you have taken and not follow the broad path of sin. The great gods, the creators of spirit-killing inventions, will continue to attack the will of man to put an end to it, throwing it into the mud so that it will not rise. Resist, do not be carried away by worldly things, by novelties, cling to my Son, to His word. My beloved ones, as the Mother of all mankind, I cover you with my maternal mantle, but each of you must overrule the human ego inclined to evil and allow goodness to take over your senses and open a good disposition in you. The Church of my Son must remain active, opening the hearts of men and women and not sidelining those who turn away from my Son with a hardened heart. Fortify yourselves with the Body and Blood of my Son, feed yourselves with the Eucharist, visit my Son in the sanctuary and feed yourselves with the Holy Spirit, so that you can face what is coming with faith and without hesitation. My beloved children, I encourage you to pray for Denmark, it will suffer greatly. Beloved children, do not neglect your prayer for the United States, the water will make it suffer. Beloved children, pray for the Middle East, it will spread terror to several countries in the world. The mind of the man of power wants to seize territories in order to increase its power over those who are least. At the moment, the powerful are competing for nations and dominion in them, and I, with my Heart aching for the lament of my Son, see how those in power in great nations look at their brothers and sisters from other countries with great indifference, as if they were just something else, and not children of the same Father. Beloved children... You children, do not let yourselves be divided, help each other. Where one brother or sister suffers, all the rest suffer, but remember that the moment will come when you will not be able to help each other as you do now, because the succession of events will not allow nations to help each other. My beloved ones, communism is spreading its claws and subjugating small nations with its chains. It is rising unnoticed and has become a great power that will bring havoc to those who are Mine. O humanity! What have you become? O mankind! You do not see your God. O mankind! How far you have strayed from the truth! O humanity! Why do you not see yourselves where you are? Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, once again I encourage you to give yourselves to my Son, I encourage you to pray the Holy Rosary. And when you do not call upon me, I remain before you, guarding you. I remain at the foot of the Cross of Glory. My beloved ones, concentrate in brotherly love, observe My Commandments, gather together and serve one another. You do not remain alone, My Son dwells in each of you, the Holy Spirit will give you discernment if you silence the voices of the world. Beloved children, these are agonal moments, evil has begun a fierce battle for souls. My Heavenly hosts remain on Earth, fighting for those who beg my Son for His Divine Assistance. I bless you. My Womb is the Ark of Salvation, I remain beside all, in the Heart of those who will allow Me to be there. My legions invite you to unite with them and fight evil with good, discontent with love, insult and slander with understanding and forgiveness. You are the people of my Son and my beloved children. Remember at every moment the works and deeds of my Son and act as He acts, be merciful. I bless you, children, I cover you with my maternal mantle. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 21 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you. I look down upon you from My Cross of Glory, Triumph and Majesty. My Mercy is not exhausted for My people, My Mercy remains hidden from sinners. My Father sent Me as the God-Man to bring the superabundance of His Love to mankind, and to deposit it in My Cross for each of His children. My beloved ones, I am the Infinite Mercy, and at the same time I am the Just Judge. Woe to those who preach only my Mercy and do not preach my Justice, causing my people to go completely astray and become slaves to the clutches of evil in all its manifestations! I drove the merchants out of the temple, I drove them out of my Father's temple, and so at this moment I return with my Justice to drive out the merchants who profaned my Father's House. Each of you is a temple of My Spirit, and I am coming soon with great steps to drive out those merchants who, by human will, have come to destroy the inner temple within each of you. Woe to those who do not warn my people, that people who walked in the midst of ignorance, that people who rose up against my Commandments and Sacraments! Woe to those who do not warn with the truth, who do not raise their voices and warn My innocents of My Justice! I come in great steps before each of you to show you all the ungodly deeds and actions with which you continually injure Me, with which you continually injure Me, because you voluntarily give yourselves over to evil. My Father did not create you for perdition, for plunging into hell. You were created to enjoy eternal blessing, eternal glory; but my people, believing that I am only merciful and not a Righteous Judge, have committed abuses, grave abuses, forgetting that whatever each one sows in his path, this is what he will reap and receive as fruit. My beloved people, it is urgent that conscience awaken man, that he be vigilant, and that all false idols be rejected far from My people. It is not the words of a scholar that save my people, but the truth of my Love, my rigor, my Justice, the truth of my sacrifice for each one of you, that is the truth; that you possess all the gifts needed to believe and go with haste in the Spirit and ascend to me. The gifts and virtues of my Holy Spirit are not a privilege, they are not gifts for a few, but for all who are humble and simple of heart, who know that this Christ of yours suffered and gave Himself unreservedly to fulfill the will of my Father: you are the will of the Father. My beloved people, how I wait for you! Like a shepherd seeking his fold. I move constantly in the conscience of each of you. My Spirit shakes you, but you, deprived of all that is Mine, continue to sink into perdition, into a moral and spiritual decline never before seen. With swift steps you are approaching those pains that will shake not only the Spirit, but the body, mind and Heart of each of those who are Mine, before the horrors and doctrinal errors that will soon spread to My people, the spawn of Satan. And those who deny Me will quickly fall into his nets. Shepherds, you who help me care for my sheepfold, warn my people! For My Mercy is infinite, and as I am boundless forgiveness, to those who continually persist in breaking My Laws and My Commandments, without sincere repentance, but who, by design, premeditatedly offend My Holy Spirit to deliver souls to Satan.... These, if they do not repent, I will judge with My Justice. My shepherds, warn My people that the enemy is moving among mankind and causing great upheaval, which they do not perceive! But I will not be silent, I will not be silent, for I will warn my people, as I have warned them at all times. To My people I speak My Truth, I do not hide from My people what will befall them, because a merciful Father cannot be silent towards His children when they are in danger, and it would not be merciful for Me to act in this way. My beloved ones, the irresponsible man did not stop the war, he only delayed it; do not lose your vigilance, even if you feel helpless beforehand, approaching me leads you to an abundance of faith, and my Spirit strengthens you against trials. My beloved ones, the Spirit of evil, the spawn of evil, is the one who insidiously takes possession of my people, through modernism and communism, which arose without your will. This spirit of evil will make a person understand in an instant and in the blink of an eye that this Christ of love, who speaks to you, has been forbidden and forgotten. But do not forget that the one who lives and does the will of my Father is in communion with me: the one who does not allow his faith to be taken away, the one who sees me in every brother and sister, the one who loves me despite suffering, the one who loves me even when they tell him that I do not exist, the one who fulfills and lives; the will of my Father.... that is the one who is constantly bound in my Spirit. My beloved ones, my Mother warns you, to Her I entrusted my Church; to Her, the woman clothed with the sun, who fights evil to save those who are Mine; to Her, my Mother, whom I love, that holy and crystalline vessel, that Immaculate Womb, which in these moments is devoid of merit, to this my Mother I entrusted this generation to bring them to Me. Do not separate yourselves from her, turn to her constantly with the 'Hail Mary' prayer, and do not forget that the prayer of the Holy Rosary contains the power to ward off evil, if prayed with devotion. I am here with my people, living present and constant, constantly, not only do I abide beside my Father and our Holy Spirit in Heaven, but I am present with my Holy Spirit in you, I have never left you and I will never leave you. My people, pray for the Netherlands, for it will sink in weeping. My people, pray for the United States, its leaders are bringing pain to My children. My beloved people, pray without ceasing, for you have destroyed and contaminated the creation my Father gave you, pray without ceasing. And how would you like this Christ not to speak to your own about the transgressions they have committed? How would you like me not to mention that you have tainted the creation with which my Father adorned his children? That would be a denial that the creation, the stars, the moon, the sun, the constellations and everything that was created came out of my Father's hand. No, children, you must realize that you are constantly insulting this suffering Christ who speaks to you, as well as my Father. Do not forget that he who commits a sin against the Holy Spirit, this one, has no forgiveness, because by his actions and words he condemns himself. My beloved people, warn one another, fearlessly raising the banner of my Love and being protected by the shield of faith. Abide united, hand in hand, heart in heart; strength increases when those who are Mine remain united. Look to the Heavens, for from Heaven on high comes blessing for My people; wait with patience, for I will send My help. I bless you, my people, whom I love, for whom I have sacrificed and continue to sacrifice. Go on with faith, without falling into error. Keep walking towards me, shoulder to shoulder with my Mother. This woman, who is the dawn star, the refuge and comforter of sinners, is also your Mother. Every effort will not be left without receiving from My hand what is just for the person. I come for my people with open arms to receive you in my Mercy. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 24 2013 - Jesus Christ
My people, my beloved people, the man who is my Son, I desire that you do not forget me, but that you give and offer me pure love, not only with prayers, but with every deed and work with which you constantly strive to face obstacles. These are the moments to strengthen the strength of the flame of faith that sustains my people, and in this way you will combat the errors spreading on earth. True children, do not yield before the world that wants to snatch you out of my hands. You are My true children, do not allow sin to separate you from Me, nor the senseless currents of modernism to make you forget that I Am Who I Am and I do not change. I am the same today, yesterday and always. My Love and My Truth do not change, but rather remain unchanged, just as My Love does not disappear for those who are Mine, nor does My Truth perish before modernisms. My Throne is not earthly, but Heavenly. All that my Mother announced to you, which has not happened, will happen. Confusion will remain among My people, confusion will be the cause of their division, and so many injustices will be committed by people who do not have the light of My Holy Spirit. Confusion will reign among those who do not truly know me, who are not true Christians, and among those who do not love me, but only give the impression that they love me. My beloved people, in order to love me, you must know me truly, not in superficiality, but in the fullness that emanates from prayer, from meditation and from communion with me. I am the King of Heaven and Earth, everything that exists is my Kingdom; what man is not able to see with his eyes is part of my Kingdom. I urge you to look at what is high, at what you cannot see and what is beyond you.... that is part of My Kingdom. Just as the human body contains in its molecules what you cannot see with your eyes, my Kingdom is infinite. Beloved ones, My Kingdom is all that exists, I am the lone and only King. My children accept and indulge in novelties presented to them by idols, and my people allow themselves to be blinded.... I am a King and a beggar of love, that love which I reclaim as mine, and you do not give it to me. I come as King to demolish idols, to reclaim those who are Mine. My beloved people, I call upon you to pray for San Francisco in the United States, sins are overflowing, it will be cleansed with mercy. My beloved people, pray for China, which will suffer. Spain will suffer and the royal family will suffer. Humanity will be amazed before the light that will be seen in the firmament. Blessings descend from My House and for My people. Children, pray for one another. Do not reject, do not ignore My presence. I shine for you where you do not find light, seek Me, I remain in you. My light shines in the darkness, it is stronger than everything. There are many dwellings in My Father's House. See Me present in you, do not stop until you find Me truly present. You are my children today and always, forever and ever. I call you, you are My people. You possess Divine Rights which you have limited for yourselves. I am coming with the power of My Infinite Love and each of you will tell Me if you are worthy of Me. I call upon you now and I will always call upon you, just as my Mother intercedes and will continue to intercede for you, her children. My Mother will call upon you constantly to warn you, so that eternal darkness will not reach you. Listen to my Word, my people. I bless you. Your Lord and your King, now and always, forever and ever. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 01 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Love calls you continually. Seek me constantly. I live in each of you, in every movement, in every beat of the human heart, in every look, in every breath.... my Kingdom is within you. I offer myself for all without distinction; it is man who accepts or rejects me: some because they do not love me, others out of ignorance. They do not recognize me, they do not know me in my Truth; I do not live in the highest, rather I live in each of those who are mine. I am the eternal present, I do not abandon those who are mine. This is a moment of moments for those who are still blind, going without faith, wandering without a path and surrendering to what the world offers them. My beloved ones, love is the fruit of those who see me face to face in each of their brothers and sisters, without distinction. I call upon my people to unite in my Heart and the Heart of my Mother. Fraternal unity is truly my reflection in those who are mine. Fraternity, guided by true love, does not see the faults of others, but rather corrects itself, rigorously demanding of itself the golden rule of 'love one another,' within which it helps its brothers and sisters, with the gentleness of my Word. Violence pierces hearts with severity down to the blood, and these battered and insipid hearts continue to increase the violence they have received, causing more pain without the slightest feeling toward their fellow man. The suffering of mankind is not My Will, rather it is man who has forgotten the principles of action in My Love and brotherhood, which has brought pain, rejecting changes in his life. Right now, man is living the consequences of his violent and indiscriminate actions against what My Father's Hand created for the good of His children. Man has upset the balance of creation, and creation goes out to meet man in order to make him return to My side. I suffer with those who suffer, I grieve with those who grieve. Man hurts Me by usurping My Word and deforming it. My Love does not reform, it is always the same, it does not modernize, it is always the same. You must find happiness in pleasing Me, even if that pleasing Me meant swimming against the current of the world, impoverished by the privation of a heart empty from the absence of My Love and Will. The senseless human desire to find Me, misses the essence of what has been revealed and is being explained at this moment by My Mother and by My Word to humanity, warning like a Father with His children, without respite, so that, knowing what is coming, they do not disconnect from the right path and get lost. Human behavior brings its own pain-filled future. I suffer because of this and am not listened to, and my Mother is mocked. Disobedience to My Word has led to today's people heading for a strong and powerful cleansing as preparation for My Second Coming. Lack of conscience in people who are endowed with intelligence, have lost the wisdom given by My Spirit and have been supplanted by the forces of evil to create means of mass destruction aimed at destroying a large part of the world's population. This is the goal of the minds of the leaders of great nations. My beloved children, do not stop, do not retreat, when you proclaim my Truth, my Truth. The man of this moment must be completely spiritualized, live in My presence in every action and work, not forgetting that I see everything. I am painfully experiencing contempt for the gift of life; people are killing each other as a sign of courage and power over their brothers and sisters. This is acting against My Will. The leaders of great nations unleash this violence, adopted by the heart of man, which, filled with violence and infested with evil, acts in a state of savagery. My Church must keep the consciences of my people alert to the existence and insistence of evil powers over those who do not love me and ignore my Will. I come for all my children, not just for some, but for all who live, work and follow my Father's Will. God's Will is not exclusive, it does not separate those who do not declare themselves as Christians, but welcomes those who live in a spirit of generosity, act in obedience to my Will and draw closer to me. Superficiality makes me nauseous, the truth of living in my Will and acting in it attracts me continually. Hypocrisy makes me nauseous, false action for me makes me nauseous. I am captivated by the truth of a generous spirit devoted to Me, without fear of otherness or of contempt. I have given man at all times the tools and more to find my Love and my way; man has despised this, and my Church has blocked this meeting of my children with my Will. My Laws do not update, my Commandments do not update, and my Truth is one: the same as yesterday, today and always. My beloved people, I call upon you with my Love to continue your efforts, fighting against what is worldly and low, against modernism. The modernism of my Love, of my Will, is the modernism of continuous action in my Will, which is continuous action, does not stop, goes in search of my sheep, so that they do not get lost. I remain present in each one of you, I protect you continually, I help you continually. I am who I am. My people, I bless you, I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 04 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, my mantle remains over all my children, over all the people of my Son, as an armor that defends you against any evil that the enemy wishes to cast upon you. It is necessary, my children, that you be attentive, that your life be a reflection of the works and deeds of my Son, that you live in love, in brotherhood and in unity. In these moments in which the celebration of the birth of my Son is approaching, I invoke my call: 'remain attentive, do not be victims of consumerism, do not enrich the pockets of the great producers of artifacts that pollute the minds of the young, do not be those who increase the coffers of the antichrist through them. The big movie studios create games that are seemingly inoffensive to children, the mind of the young is saturated with violence, through which they despise life and believe that they are responsible for its end, yet they are able to create it. This generation, completely compromised and addicted to new technological advances, has allowed its mind to be manipulated by those who encroach upon and walk over man without distinction of social class or creed. I, as Mother, have warned you in the past and I warn you again in these painful moments of this generation, which duplicates and multiplies everything it has produced itself, and its heart has been transformed into a rebellious heart that does not obey my Son and does not obey this Mother. He rebels against what my Son demands of him, he gives free rein to his human will, saturated with what is worldly, immoral and sinful. I earnestly ask you, my children, to be attentive to what is happening. Do you not see a troubled humanity.... Do you not see violence in every country?.... What do you expect, my beloved ones? ... What else do you expect to accept that you are in a moment of moments, as the signs do not cease, but intensify? Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the Church of my Son will be greatly shaken. Abide in the faith, gazing at my Son, and ask me for help, you are my children and I will defend you constantly. More small countries will soon be subjected to communism, which is silently advancing, forming a single front that will go against humanity, causing suffering. My beloved ones, I ask you to pray for Costa Rica, it will suffer. I ask you to pray for the Middle East. Pray, beloved children, for the nation that is the United States. Go, looking to the Heavens, without ceasing to see the love and mercy of my Son, which will be poured out from on high upon all mankind. Wait with patience, my Son will never abandon His own, be persistent, do not lose heart. No matter how difficult the moments and how hard the road, my Son does not abandon his faithful. My Son calls upon His people to remain attentive and faithful to Him, to continue to be filled with His Holy Spirit and to love me as the Mother I am for all mankind. The modernizations that humanity wants to impose with even greater force cannot be accepted by my true children. I warn you constantly, because my Son is coming for his people, he is coming to separate the wheat from the chaff, but the wheat of this moment must be of better quality, it must remain free of any impurities, however small. My beloved ones, humanity is burning with violence and this makes my Heart grieve, this makes me share with you the love of my Son and His care for those who are His, and my intercession. Beloved children, it is not only the one who calls himself a Catholic, not only the one who calls himself a Christian, who achieves Salvation, but rather the one who overcomes, day after day, fighting against all the obstacles that appear on the way. Salvation is gained by the one who, above all, remains in the Father's Will. Those who are weak are discriminated against, those who do not know the love of my Son, and it is my Son who will punish greatly. Religious persecution is increasing - it is with great pain that I tell you about this - but the strength of my Son does not abandon those who are His. All the angelic choirs descend to earth to protect those who remain in the Father's Will, without the distinctions that man makes today. My beloved ones, abide in the Commandments, do not separate yourselves from them, for the Father's Will is there, and he who does them fulfills the will of the Father. You have memorized these Commandments without going into every word and the infinite spiritual content of each of them. This is not right, but it is not too late for you to revive them in your spirit and break away from all that you should be free from. Beloved children, you are not going alone, my Son remains vigilant, and I, the caring Mother of Humanity, am coming again because my Son has entrusted me with this: to remain vigilant and attentive so that people are not subjected and oppressed. Do not underestimate what is happening, be true temples of the Holy Spirit. Confusion has gripped humanity and humanity is falling into chaos. My beloved ones, my Son asks you for faith and perseverance, He does not want children of prayer alone. My Son wants children of prayer and faith, with the courage to proclaim what they have learned about the Gospel and to put it into practice every day, in every person, in every deed and in every work. My beloved ones, be attentive, you will be very shaken, but do not lose heart, because my children know profoundly the Infinite Love of my Divine Son and know profoundly that man does not live by love alone, but that my Son is the Just Judge. Those who see only mercy will be confused, very confused.... nature continues to suffer from man's abuse of her, and man has brought upon himself the pain she causes him. Remain attentive, watch closely the natural disasters that afflict humanity. I encourage you to turn to my Son in the Tabernacle and keep Him company. I encourage you to embrace Him so that He may be your strength. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not forget that the hosts of heaven are over the people of my Son. Look high, for the heavenly hosts, doing the will of the Father, will allow you to see them, so that you may be aware of the Divine protection over the faithful people. Remain in peace. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 09 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I am a God of Love, and I am concerned about My own. My people walk with the conviction that in My arms the way is less difficult. You will not live without moments of trial, but these are moments in which you show faith and trust that from My arms you are not and will not be torn out, if of your own free will you do not accept it. Man must reject that which distances him from Me. My Love finds no refuge if it is not in my creatures, those who draw me closer and draw me closer, keeping their lamp full of pure oil to draw my gaze toward the earth and hear them cry out like this: 'here is your Kingdom, come, for we are waiting for you!' I lead you with the gentleness of the Father and with the love of my Mother, who is the intercessor of each of you before our august Trinity. My Mother and Mother of Humanity, Queen of all angels, rules over the heavenly hosts, entrusting them to the care of her children in this battle against evil. The angels themselves have placed their mantle over the firmament, inscribing the constellations on it, so that people will not doubt the omnipotence of their King and Lord, and the indescribable joy he evokes in my Mother, before our Trinity. Not content with this, my angelic creatures took the moon and laid it at the feet of my Mother as a sign that everything created recognizes Her as Mother, Queen and Mistress. She is the one who gives light to the moon and to the souls of all who love me and do the will of my Father. People will understand through the words of my Mother how great my Will is in these moments, and She, along with Her legions, will be the help of my House to this generation that constantly offends Me, without any consideration whatsoever. My beloved ones, for the people, this means a struggle to fulfill my Will versus a Will largely governed by human impulses that are constantly rising up, thus changing what my House has prepared so that what is to come will not be so bloody. The insulting of human life, the killing of innocents on a land specially fertilized for my Mother, and turned to evil by the free will of men, has drawn natural disasters to the land of Tepeyac, from where my Mother chose to cradle and spiritually govern the Americas. My beloved ones, I call upon you to pray unceasingly for Mexico; this nation will be defeated by the pain of innocent souls who suffer at the hands of those who offend me at every moment. The land of this my beloved Mexican nation receives the blood of those who are removed without mercy and, being innocent, fall victim to the bitter taunts, drugs and sects of dominant beings who constantly offend me. My Mother, the pure vessel of grace, should be listened to, not despised. My children, innocent people, do not weep, do not grieve for those who insult Me and have brought pain to this My beloved people of faith. Do not forget that I do not abandon My people in the midst of stormy seas. I carry you in My Heart, so that you will not sink if you are faithful to Me in spirit and in truth. Pray to my Mother, make reparation to your brothers, do not forget that I love and protect you, children of my Mother. Look to the Heights, wait for the One I will send, pray to the Holy Spirit at all times, He will give My peace to those who live in faith. My Love does not falter, just as people's love for Me does not falter. My Word will reach all Hearts, even those who have forgotten, it will be there in the moments when you turn your gaze to My House, seeking My help. My nation, in the hands of those who massacre it, is a nation born of the Heart of my Mother, She with her mantle covers the one who is a blessing to her children. Beloved, pray for the United States, its leaders have defiled the land of Mexico with great evil. Just as the leaders of this land have closed their eyes.... Beloved people, pray for the Middle East, storm clouds hang over a wretched and despicable humanity. The Church will suffer, the crisis of faith is advancing in great strides, and the powers of evil are fighting against it. With My words, My words do not falter, but rise with the firm assurance of My protection and My Love. You are not alone, my House is visible in my faithful ones. I bless you. Move the whole earth with prayers and deeds done diligently in my Will, so that your prayers rise up to the vault of the universe, reflected in the mantle of the Mother. I will come soon, do not sleep in sin. Humanity I speak to you, not just to one nation, but to all. I bless you; do not be afraid, for I remain with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary pure, without sin conceived.

December 11 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. My womb remains open, awaiting, as Mother of love, the imminent return of all who are Mine. Beloved children, once again I invite you to enter into the merciful love of my Son, and at the same time, to enter into the understanding of God's Mercy and Justice. My beloved ones, the earth is deeply disturbed and darkness pervades with every crack. It is the darkness of man's sin that permeates the earth, it is the darkness of the conscience of this generation, which, by accepting the sin of previous generations, has gone beyond the resourcefulness and wickedness of the devil himself. The devil's followers are lurking for news of mankind's sin, and this makes my Heart constantly ache for such a great offense against my Divine Son. I urge you to open your consciences sincerely, arise in the Holy Spirit and use your intelligence to understand that the Eternal Father must make His children return to Him quickly through His justice, and this does not take away from mercy, but rather is the Father's greatest Act of Mercy toward mankind. My beloved children, the darkness has penetrated man so much that the light has been completely dimmed. It is you, faithful people, you who struggle against the world and its currents, it is you I invite to enter my bosom quickly, for even those who love me must remain with conscience and readiness in receiving the Father's Justice and accept it with love. Every Fiat uttered by the Eternal Father at the time of creation and in every age has borne the mark of His Divine Love and at the same time His Divine Justice. The earth will no longer be cleansed by water, but by fire, which will not only come down from on high through Divine Justice, but will be the fire that man himself, completely permeated by greed, produced with his own hands, knowing that it will lead to the destruction of mankind. Woe to those who judge those who are the bearers of this act of love from the Father! In His righteous wrath, He desires to quickly reclaim as many souls as possible, and therefore, time and again, He dispenses His justice to this generation, but they have not recognized the Father's justice, but only appeal to mercy, relying not on this Divine Act, but on their own human word to persist in lust, in evil and in all kinds of depravity. It will be easy for my children to recognize the true souls, they will be those who not only utter and show Divine love, but those who call upon mankind to quickly return to the true path, for the time is over and the hand of justice of the Eternal Father is pouring out the remnants of the contents of the cup on this generation. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you who call yourselves Christians and Mary, you must love these moments of Divine Justice, for in them is contained the Salvation of a great number of souls. You must be afraid; afraid, but not of the Father, nor of my Son, rather of the will of man and free will, which has led you to a state of utter depression, in which the senses have given themselves over to pleasure and sin. Woe to those who idolize money and live among comforts! There will soon come times when money will be of no use. Famine in every aspect will spread and those who have placed their security in the 'god of money' will be greatly scourged. Blessed are those who live in unity with my Son and who, in the midst of daily afflictions, abide in unity with my Son! Those, in moments of privation and unknown illnesses, will know to turn immediately to my Heart and to the Will of God, because it is in faith, in commitment and in consciousness that you will find the door that will open to heal all possible illnesses. My beloved ones, I, as Empress of the Americas, must communicate to you that from the Americas will come light for all humanity, with great power to save the faithful. My beloved ones, you who love my Son, continue to firmly embrace His Cross, in it you will find comfort, as I do. Just as I, in my call of the Mother of Guadalupe, show all creation beloved and taken by the Father, so you must discern the signs of the times and put aside the stubbornness and narrowness of the human mind that limits knowledge and constrains the Spirit. Receive the Holy Spirit with His truth, for some of my Son's words have been distorted over time, but you must know that if the Commandments depart from you, you will perish. Aspects in my Son's Church have been renewed, but the one who keeps the Commandments, the one who lives in the Will of the Father; the one who makes them his own, the one who penetrates the Commandments, the one who loves them, the one who is a Christian. Not the one who arbitrarily interprets the Commandments, this one, this son or daughter must stop on the road and with consciousness approach my Son, so that the Holy Spirit may give him the light of truth. Beloved children, just as the Eternal Father clothed the heavens with the light of the stars, so do not cease to admire the beauty with which the Father has clothed you, look up my beloved ones. My angels, my legions are waiting for one sign. In this way, in this way, is the swiftness of My call for you to once and for all remove the veil from your eyes and see the truth of events. Man devotes his life to planning his future, but the future is in the hands of the Father. I encourage you to ask for the help of the Holy Spirit with awareness and good disposition, because this is the moment when man must reflect and decide: to persist in sin or to accept, embrace and love the Will of God. Man must choose between purification and keeping the faith; he who remains in the faith will suffer less, and he who refuses to see that the Father's righteousness is necessary for the good of souls will suffer more. My beloved ones, consecrate yourselves to our Hearts, consecrate yourselves and share with your brothers and sisters that time is not time; do not fear ridicule or go with exaggerated human estimations, be faithful in spirit. Beloved children, after the purification, my Son will come to reign with all His love, and I, the one to whom my Son has entrusted His Church in this much feared purification and fulfillment of what I have announced, remain and will remain with any of those who allow me to do so. My angelic legions will defend you. If there was a moment for mankind when man must show his unshakable faith, it is this one and not another. Do not expect any other moment, it is this one child.... and he who tells you that the Apocalypse is a fairy tale has a darkened heart and veiled spiritual vision, because the word of my Son was not written not to be unfulfilled, but to be fulfilled. Therefore, He announces to you what is coming, but man, deaf, blind and mute in the face of the inventions of new and new sins, despises this call and darkens himself. My beloved, let us go united towards the meeting with my Son, towards the final happiness, where human tribulations will cease to be tribulations, and everything will be peace, love, and man will reach the sublime.... I do not abandon you, I protect you with my mantle. Be assured that this Mother does not abandon you, and in temptations I will immediately come with what is necessary to combat them. Draw near and cling to this Mother, for I intercede for you before my Son. I bless you, and do not forget that you are my children, and that I love each and every person, with the same intensity and the same love with which I love those who call upon me at this moment: Mother! I bless you; my Heart remains open to each and every one of you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 15 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you very much.... I come to you again and again, not to call only some, but all. I do not exclude any of my children, I welcome everyone into my maternal heart. I do not come to call a select few, anticipating the judgment of God the Father; I come with the mercy of my Son and the love of my maternal heart to call all people to conversion. My Son is Infinite Mercy, there is no one who can deny it, and the Justice of the Father is perfect justice, there is no one who can deny it. This generation is not different and is not worthy of different treatment for itself, rather it is the Mercy of my Son that has called you, and at the same time the Justice of the Father that comes to separate the wheat from the chaff, so that His children will return to the true path. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I call from heart to heart, from one to the other, knocking at the door, so that through my intercession you may be quickly converted, returning to the right path. Darkness has engulfed the earth. It is a darkened human will, one that has allowed itself to be mastered by evil, this human will misguided and immersed in constant sin, living by what is immediate and yielding before the slightest whim. This human will ruled by free will darkens the entire earth. You await the coming of evil, the forces of evil that will dominate mankind, without considering that the human will, lost because of sin, masters mankind from person to person like a plague; the will of man rules the souls of a great number of my children. My beloved ones, for the man who considers himself spiritual, for this, for this, it is difficult for him to accept the Father's Justice, and it is difficult for him because, being or considering himself excessively spiritual, he feels himself worthy of the exceptional treatment of mercy, and this is not possible, for he would thereby reject and annul the Father's power. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, natural events are moving forward. I urge you to pray for Italy; pray, the Etna volcano will cause a great catastrophe. Beloved children, pray for Japan, it will shake again and a tsunami will engulf it. Pray, my children, for Brazil, which will suffer greatly. Humanity has given itself into the hands of those who hold a certain earthly power, and this will lead it to suffer. Nations will plunge into internal revolutions that will gradually spread, and violence will plague everywhere. It will not be just some people, rather it will become widespread. Do not forget that war is imminent, you are living in a short waiting period, and then you will suffer excessively from man's cruelty, which will expand completely, and the basic instincts will lead to pain and death. My children, pray. Prayer is necessary, alert humanity to my request. My beloved ones, this Mother, like my Son, pilgrims from heart to heart with Infinite Love, crying out to each of you for mercy for your brothers and sisters. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not cease in prayer, come to receive my Son. My Son's Church is shaking and will be divided. Do not turn away from the Commandments, they are inevitable. My beloved ones, keep the faith, even if the Church of my Son is shaken, turn constantly to my Son. Do not look away from the heights. Help has descended from on high in every generation, and it will be no different at this time; help comes from on high, blessing comes from on high, the faithful will find their help directly from on high. Do not be afraid, children, do not be afraid. At no time, in no circumstance will you be left alone. The dust, the dust will descend from heaven and will stir up the inner heat in people. Beloved children, prepare yourselves, but at the same time do not give way in faith, let it be unshaken. Just as the sun constantly gives light, faith must be strong, from moment to moment. The sun is approaching. The man of science will be aware that in the face of the power of nature he is insignificant, and that only my Son is the one who is all-powerful, because: 'not all who say, Lord, Lord, will enter the Kingdom of Heaven, but the one who lives the Father's Will'. Beloved children, I love you, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 18 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son was born in a manger in total humility; therefore, everyone who calls himself a Christian must be humble, humble in spirit, to obey and abide in what my Son demands of you. My beloved ones, the Commandments must be your daily bread, your spiritual food, that which you cannot walk without; you must revive them in yourselves. The Sacraments must be observed and loved by you, and the Beatitudes must be for you the greatest sign of humility and self-sacrifice to my Son. I encourage my priests to call on all the faithful to worthily receive my Son, King of kings and Lord of lords. Man has created protocols to receive the important people of the world with dignity, and my Heart aches because those who come to receive my Son, unworthily prepared, offend the King of Kings. Especially women in their nakedness come to receive my Son, and my priests allow it. Just as you created protocols to be accepted by the high men who command and lead the world, my Son deserves all respect. Humanity has lost its modesty and plunged into immorality, and with it and in it walks towards my Son. Modernization is modernization, and my Son is the King of kings, and before Him you must stand with dignity. You maintain human respect, but to my Son you do not give the Divine respect He deserves. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, with what lightness is sin treated! With what lightness you call sin: weakness! ... but you who are aware of how my Son is offended, you must act justly at all times. This generation, which has exceeded all parameters and norms, avoids the justice of my Son and denies it with the same intensity. You are waiting for the antichrist, for a figure.... and you are already in his hands, because those who sponsor him have the people of my Son in their hands. Each of you must become a fighter, a defender of my Son.... each of you must be faithful and not lose faith. My faithful prophets will continue to alarm my people without fail, alarm them without ceasing to abide by my call, so that mankind will not be confused, and in this alarming of my children, a certain my beloved prophet will die as a great martyr for the truth of my Son, will die at the hands of the followers of the antichrist, not without first exposing them before all mankind. My beloved ones, it is so easy for man to call himself a Christian, but it is so difficult to enter into the mystery of love and devotion without differences and without considerations. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son, the King of humility desires to enter your lives right now, because time is not time, and each of you with your free will, with all the strength of your being, must struggle to rise quickly. There must be a radical change in the lives of the children of the Church, for the Church will be shaken from its foundations. Keep the faith for purification, it is still lacking in the Church. My Son is approaching in His Second Coming, and when the King approaches, the crucible is before each of those who are His. Do not immerse yourselves so easily in worldliness, be aware that the world exerts a great imperceptible influence on the senses and on the will of man, man who is still very weak because he has not immersed himself in a strong and deep spirituality. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, everything I have revealed in the past is being fulfilled by leaps and bounds, and that is why my prophets are warning my children at this time. Do not disregard them, but I encourage you to abide in the Holy Spirit to distinguish the wheat from the chaff. Not all who say, 'Lord, Lord, will enter the Kingdom of Heaven,' nor all who call themselves prophets are prophets. You have to watch carefully, because the enemy has risen powerfully in front of this generation to confuse it, and has taken the word of some people to draw away from the calls of Heaven. These are extremely important moments for the people of my Son, these are the final moments for Salvation; and as I, the Mother of all people, warn you, in the same way evil wants to lead you into confusion, but if you follow and love the Commandments, revive them in yourselves and obey them, you will be able to discern with clarity. My Son does not modernize, he is the same yesterday, today and always.... The commandments are not modernized, they are the same yesterday, today and always.... Sacraments are not modernized, they are the same yesterday, today and always.... Blessings are not modernized, they are the same yesterday, today and always.... What you must realize is that the Will of God must reign and live in each of you, so that you resist what is coming. This is the novelty among novelties: that you trustfully and lovingly surrender yourselves to the Will of the Holy Trinity, that each of you place your life, your deeds and works in Her hands. Just as my Son was born in humility in a manger, so you from this moment be ready to meet the King of kings. My beloved ones, the transformation of man must take place at this moment, he must go from being a man of mediocrity to being a man aware that a bloody battle awaits him, and if he does not decide for himself to transform his life into an altar for Christ, he will perish. And woe to those who enter into these calls of mine consciously, trying to find some dark spot in them, for they will be further confused by me! But those who approach these calls of mine, seeking the light, will find fullness and the right way to approach my Son. Do not forget to constantly invite my Son to participate in your life, in your actions and works, so that in this way you will resist evil more. The moment is approaching when a great blessing will come from heaven for mankind, for this generation, which will guide you and bring you closer to the path of my Son. How many of my prophets are fighting today, and for this they are being singled out and prosecuted, fighting against evil and against the supporters of the empire of antichrist! Pray for them, but I, as the Mother of Humanity, will not abandon my people and will not stop warning you under any circumstances, because I am obedient to the Will of God. But this Mother cradles you in her arms, and my Son is a light on the path of His faithful ones. My angelic hosts are on earth, guiding and protecting my faithful children, those who love my Son Jesus Christ. You are not alone children, in the end the light will shine and you will triumph with my Son. Do not be afraid of what is coming, transform your lives. I love you, I bless you in the name of the Father, my Son and the Holy Spirit. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 22 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing is for all mankind, for all those who love and obey my Son, who work and act in accordance with His Will, and for all those who do not recognize, love and obey Him. My beloved Son dwells in every person. He loves man so much that this power of Divine Love does not allow Him to live separately from man. On this day that is approaching, the people of my Son are celebrating His birth, celebrating true love, the love that never separates from those who are His. From the moment of His birth, my Son poured out His divinity for all time. He gave His love and mercy to all generations, He gave His compassion and His truth to all generations, and in His birth He envisioned the Holy Church according to His Will, and through chosen souls He continues to explain Himself. My beloved child was born, making mankind participants in the rays of His divinity, sharing with mankind His Divine Love, His Divine Intelligence and His Divine Will. But generations despised Him, and these miracles of Divine Love were buried by man himself, and only a few accepted them as an inheritance. My Son, being the Lord of the universes, was born with pain as His companion..., and suffered pain until He redeemed mankind, in pain.... how many souls want to take my child in their arms, adore him and make reparation? My beloved, you must atone for the sins of this generation, its ingratitude and malice. Sin has infiltrated people, stealing their will and keeping them sedated so that they do not react. I find so many souls who are cowardly and do not resist temptation, but live in total confusion; one by one they fall immediately, as if sin were a natural act. Some of my priests, in their actions and work, do not reveal and bear witness to this humble child; in some of them, the lightness with which they celebrate the Eucharist is yet another nail that pierces the holy hands of my Son. From my womb, my divine Son sends his light over humanity and sends graces and virtues to all people, even to the most bitter sinners who sink into dark caves. My Jesus does all this in order to convert these souls and so that they will not be lost, but He did not get a response from people, but rather indifference and contempt. My Son sees His Church indifferent to the unworthy fashions and sacrileges that are perpetrated within it. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, all my children in the unity of my Heart must come forward and unite to offer their actions for the good of souls, and do so without fail. Most of my children use this date to enjoy the amusements that the world offers, without raising a prayer or doing a good work.... and they continue to dethrone my Son. How can the Father not vent His wrath when, after giving His love to mankind in my Son, He sees that man despises more and more every moment what comes from the Father's House? Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, be an inexhaustible source of love and faith, do not be discouraged, persevere in the midst of the storm, adoring my Son, but above all, live and act in accordance with the Will of God. Pray for Brazil, which will suffer from the tsunami. My Son's Church will be raptured. Human violence will reach unimaginable limits, you will soon be surprised. My beloved ones, like a Mother I carry you in my Heart, I am a refuge for all, all you have to do is ask. The star will be more brilliant.... and again my Son will send protection for His people, accept this blessing with love, expect this blessing with love. From on high will come a blessing for the faithful that will sustain them in the midst of confusion. Those of you who love my Son, let the awareness of the importance of faithfulness grow in each of you. This Christmas, I bless your homes, especially the homes of my children, who live with a lamp filled with the best oil, the oil of the Will of the Holy Trinity. I love you. 'Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace to men of good will. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 24 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, this is the light of My Will at My Second Coming. Just as the shepherds, souls of good will, were flooded with My Love.... and they, open-minded, followed the call, so you, my children, follow the star of my Will, so that you do not stray before the flocks of those present who look upon my people with the intention of leading them to fall into the eternal abyss from whence there is no return. The simple at heart glorified me, those who, without much knowledge, loved me for being a God-man; they loved me in their hearts and were ready to keep faith in what was entrusted to them. The erudite ones rationalized and, not believing that I am the King because I am humble, turned away from me. Some of them, years later, returned, seeing before them miracles they could not explain and wisdom they did not possess. The wind itself announced my birth, the moon shone more strongly and the stars appeared in great numbers. The whole earth was full of splendor, heavenly melodies from on high did not wait, and blessings, realized in sublime reality, descended upon all who were there. It will be the same at this moment for those who, loving me, recognize the fall of humanity and become ready to warn their brothers and sisters. Mercy has its beginning in me as an inexhaustible source. As Father, I must warn those who are Mine, so that they do not get lost and so that they listen to My Word as a voice crying out in the wilderness of the human mind. I call for transformation, I call for a new path of union with Me, for time is not time, and justice from the Father's hand does not wait, precisely out of mercy for souls. I preached before the doctors of law, and their arrogance led them to ignore and scorn me. Doctors and non-doctors analyze my calls to refute them; I am not believed and my Mother is not believed. Thus I remain in the manger of the human heart, exiled in some, seen only once in a while in others; there are few souls who truly keep me warm and sympathize with my pain. My prophets proclaim a Warning to this humanity.... and for this reason they are ridiculed and discredited. I was convicted as innocent, like most martyrs.... at this time every person must be willing to be a martyr for my cause and a voice of hope for my second coming. I was worshipped by those who were well-disposed, although they were all sinners.... and some even beyond measure. I transformed them because of their good disposition, others had an awareness of my royalty, some came out of curiosity, but were captivated before my divinity. These no longer separated from me, others in their journey clung to me along the way and were those souls of faith who no longer separated. These souls are very much needed in my wandering and in the wandering of my prophets, they are those who do not abandon the boat during the storm and are the support and sail of the boat to reduce the force of the storm. These are not moments for the lukewarm at heart, nor for those who are lukewarm in their decisions, nor for those who are lukewarm in proclaiming the truth, nor for those who are lukewarm in helping my prophets. Just as I was born in a manger, so I offered myself on the most exalted throne: on the Cross.... and all this out of love. The sufferings of my elect are not in vain, nor are those who accompany them chosen at random; the stones in the way are many and must be removed before those who are mine take a step, and not left so that they injure you. From My manger I have seen everyone and blessed those who have scorned 'ego' for the service of My House. I do not want you to adore Me for appearances, but in spirit and truth, strong, firm and resolute.... I don't want empty words and a lying heart.... I do not want minds unaware of the infinity of my Love and the greatness of my Justice.... He who considers himself indispensable in my affairs will see my Heart filled with souls who cry out and ask to come to my service. So some will be the manger, others the straw that covers me, others the wall of the stable, others the roof, others..., that's it, in my mission all are important, but not indispensable. I accept people of good will, these are the ones who invalidate themselves in order to knock down their human ego and merge with Me, to live from Me, breathe from Me, move from Me, speak from Me, feel from Me and exist from Me absolutely. Man's stubbornness is his Will. As an empire that has risen above My Will, and this is the greatest obstacle for man to achieve the benefits of My House. Man increases when his Will decreases. This is it: man increases when he loves Me, but when he loves Me truly. My blessing will descend from Heaven for the benefit of all people; some will receive it, others will avoid it, some will not receive it, and others will love it unreservedly, but it will descend for all without distinction. I need souls who are thirsty for my Will. I love you. My blessings be upon all men and women. Nurture them. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 27 2013 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I love you so much, children of My Heart! Beloved ones, I love you in My Cross, My blessed ones. You are entering a new moment, a moment of moments in which I will remain before each one of you and send all My heavenly hosts to go to the aid of My people. My people will be tried like gold in a crucible, the wheat must be of the best quality as never before in human history. I am coming with strength, with Power and Majesty, surrounded by everyone, by all my heavenly choirs, who announce my coming, shaking all creation, just as at this moment the hearts of my children must tremble, not out of fear, but rather out of love before my divinity. My beloved ones, you will hear the voice of silence, at this moment you will know silence.... I have called and continue to call at the door; those who do not open will hear and know silence. They will feel depressed before what is coming, they will feel abandoned and forsaken because of their lack of faith in my help. Just as water flows with its trough and makes what is on its bank grow, so is the water of my Will an inexhaustible source of wisdom and the gifts of my Holy Spirit. Man has forgotten that life is the great gift of my Father and works against it, works against our Holy Spirit, and he who sins against our Holy Spirit will know the voice of silence. My beloved people, this generation makes my Heart bleed, seeing it completely deformed, completely debased, completely misguided; I see a man fresh out of my Father's hands and today's man, completely different from the one my Father created. My beloved people, you must move toward union with my Will, only in this way and only in this way will you fully receive the gifts and virtues necessary to face those moments when faith will be profoundly tested. My children! My people must remain faithful and unshaken, and this will not be achieved by one who does not know Me profoundly, who does not give himself completely to My Will, who does not trust in My protection and despises the loving call of My Mother. My people! What has happened to you? ... My people! Into whose hands have you given yourselves? ... my people! How I miss you, how I miss you! ... O people blind, deaf and dumb! To whom I brought my Word to save you from perdition! And you have despised it ... yet the inexhaustible springs of my Mercy are pouring out upon you every moment, but my Mercy is falling to the ground, for my children do not receive it; on the contrary, every now and then they plunge into new and defiling sins. This Christ of yours suffers for His children before they deny themselves, before they forget themselves and persist in continuing to cling to the false gods of the world. What value will the God of metal be to man when the world economy staggers and falls to the ground? What is the power of the great powers worth when they, among themselves, will catcall each other until they bring each other down? What is the attachment of human pride worth, when it will be scourged with its own hands? My beloved children, my people must know me deeply and enter completely into my Will, they must accept it with haste, as if I were coming at this moment, as if you were at the last moment and aware of it. Time has severely marked this generation as a consequence of the severity with which this generation has followed, devastating my Father's Will, and at this moment it must return to my Father what belongs to him.... I desire a Holy Church... I desire a Church that obeys My Word, that follows My Commandments, that follows the Sacraments.... I desire a Church that desires to receive me, a Church that desires my Word, a pure, holy Church that loves my Will, that fulfills my Will, that is faithful to my Will.... I desire a Church that despises what is worldly and earthly goods, a Church that is completely spiritual, a Church that immerses itself in my Will at every moment and that finds no way without my Will.... I want that Church that I established with my disciples, the same Church that I established, I want it back. I do not need luxuries, I do not need great temples, I come to the temple that is each of you, the inner temple where I must reign with my Will. My beloved ones, at this moment, which is approaching, you will see before you the liberated forces that have been preparing the entire social, political, economic and apparently spiritual structure of the 'false prophet', the one who will usurp My Throne - I am talking about the antichrist. That is why I come to you constantly, to explain My Word to you, so that you return to Me diligently. I find myself at this moment before each of you with outstretched hands to receive you, without seeing or noticing any of your sins, rather my Mercy, seeing you before me, truly repentant and with a firm resolve to improve, loves and receives, receives and loves. Woe to my people who do not heed my call! And not knowing me, they will think that they recognize me in the antichrist and will go towards him, blinded by his lies, thus giving themselves over to the unimaginable suffering he will cause when one government usurps from this King his land and his throne, one government that will pretend to overthrow my scepter. Disobedient man will suffer, and I will rush with My Justice to save souls. My Love transcends human analysis; My Love is infinite and no theologian can describe it to perfection. My Mercy has unfathomable limits, and My Justice carries My Infinite love for every soul unconditionally. My beloved ones, prepare yourselves inwardly. What is material is material, and like everything that is material will perish. My people will have My help, but you, in the inner depths of your souls, united with My Holy Spirit, await all that has happened, for I am present in you. Unite yourselves in one heart, in the unity of my Infinite Love, which will be an invincible and unshakeable wall. He who lives in obedience remains in unity. It is a moment of kindness, love, faith, hope, charity, and it is a moment of obedience to My Word, so that, united, we sing victoriously of My final triumph, and I recover by the hand of man all that man has given to the enemy of the soul. I am your God. Pray for one another, minister to one another, for this King of kings and Lord of lords has remained and will remain forever and ever. I bless you in the Name of the Father, in My Name and in the Name of the Holy Spirit. My peace, my strength and my fortitude be in you, my people. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 31 2013 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, children, I want to guide you along the most direct path to my Son. My blessings, as Mother, are infinite for all my children, for all. Only the humble recognize how small they are and how great my Son is. Only the small and humble turn to my Son and allow me to come close to them, because I am the Mother of their Lord. How much damage has modern man done with his persistent misuse of his will! This misuse of free will has led him to remain in the shackles of sin, and has consequently destroyed man's connection to the Will of the Holy Trinity, thus separating him from such a great gift. At this time, man must grow in his spirit and grow in the knowledge of God's Will. He has grown in teachings, and these have been used against the gift of human life and against the Will of the Holy Trinity. My beloved ones, this generation has failed to enter into the Father's final pact through the Son, in which he offered and announced the Holy Spirit. The Father pacts with His people, for their sake He opens the doors of Salvation to them, so that in unity man can act and follow His Divine Will, come to the knowledge of the truth and observe the Commandments, especially the first. Human pride was the root of all evil, and will continue to be so until man listens to God's Word and becomes willing to walk in unity with his God. Beloved, you have despised and wasted the time that has passed, you have not prepared to face the coming events or the perversity of those who march on poisoned by the venom of infernal evil. The violence of this generation is not a violence born of man alone, it is rather the process of the enemy of the soul who comes to complete his attack, poisoning my children so that these, separated from Divine Love, are wolves against those who continue to struggle to remain. The one who receives my calls is the one who has been able to avoid and reject that which sought to distance him from me, and has recognized the Will of my Son in my messages of warning, not of fear, but of truth. My true children bear in their hearts the indelible seal of the unity to which my Son has called them, and in the unity of this Body and Blood they are aware of the faith that unites and strengthens them. In these moments, which will culminate in the great cleansing of the faithful from the hands of the enemy of the soul, there will not come a new worldwide flood, because my Son has redeemed you, but this is the moment in which man will come to know Divine Justice, which allows its children to apply to themselves the measure it has prepared. Beloved, I suffer for all that comes to you, mighty moments before which some will fall and others will renounce faith, just as faith will be renewed in those who remain on the path. Moments of pure love, along with the sun of a new dawn, will come for those who will not waver. Beloved, the earth has been ravaged by man. But the earth will be reborn, not without prior contamination by nuclear energy, the plague of the last moments, misfortune for the faithful and the poisoning of the earth, which emanates through volcanoes its state of agony to the entire planet. Children, mankind will be surprised by the fury of volcanoes yet unknown. Man will once again live without solar heat. Pray, the Yellowstone volcano will mercilessly whip all of humanity. Pray, in man violence will surpass good intentions and desires for change, war will be a war like never before seen. My Son's Church will be shaken because of stupidity and denial, it will suffer to be reborn in glory. My beloved ones, fight, the human 'ego' is not able to grow and bend a person if a person does not surrender before it. I remain with you as a Mother. My Son will not allow his people to be massacred, but rather sends his divine vigor, his comfort and his nourishment so that all who need it will find it. In the same way, he will give his people his help in these moments. Do not walk without looking up to heaven; from on high comes blessing for this generation. Man will be amazed, and the house of my Son will give him its holy food. Do not concern yourselves with earthly matters, but rather with the affairs of the Father's House. God's children drink that which is divine. He who has founded his future in sin lives in the mud, without repentance or conscience. The news comes from the House of my Son. Evil has founded its Kingdom on man's ignorance. The Kingdom of Heaven belongs to the humble. Pray, children, for all mankind. Pray for Uruguay. Stay on the straight path. My Son is coming for His people. I love you, I bless you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.
