January 01 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive the blessing with which all children of the Most Holy Trinity and mine are endowed. Beloved children, as children of God, I urge you to remember that God is God, and the human creature, is a creature. The point is to place yourselves where man's place is, to be a child of God. Man is the cause of the serious spiritual havoc to which all of humanity has been led, and this generation is no exception. Free will has kept one generation to the next in constant purification, because of the abuses committed by the human creation against God and all that was created to help man. Beloved children, children of God, man's guilt is an abuse of human freedom, and man will be freer when he overrules his 'ego' and accepts his brother from the 'you' of God. Children, such a struggle will soon face mankind! And such ignorance of man towards his God and Lord! The children of my Son do not know the Divine act and action, this has led man to make mistakes, conflicts and contradictions to the detriment of generations. Very few children know profoundly Divine Love and the essence of the Cross, which is freedom, the freedom to annul the very creation in order to give oneself to one's brother. Children, due to ignorance you have created a false freedom based on depravity, where freedom is transformed into selfishness, and this is the result of lack of control over human feelings. Children, grow in spirit by suppressing the human ego in your sinful tendencies. Don't ask for yourself, respond with brotherhood, freedom is about giving yourself and forgetting 'I want...' 'I feel...' 'I believe...' 'I don't accept...'. For a moment, think of my Son on the Cross..., he had an excess of love for each of his children, every particle of holy wood was imbued with my Son's love for each of you, so that the holy wood was a support for my Son. Thus, every human being is wood, each deciding by his own will whether he is the wood of blessing or the wood that his brother may stumble over. Beloved children, rise up in spirit so that the moment is not a moment, worldly matters are not allowed and do not disturb the soul with mundane thoughts. Every feeling born in the Heart of my children and expressed in words must contain a spiritual reality, a spiritual dignity that only the true child of my Son knows, lives it and is instilled in his soul. Children, this moment will be a self-examination, the preservation of faith in the face of persecution, do not falter, but be a help to your brothers. This moment will attract the greatest battle for souls, without even noticing it, my Heavenly legions are fighting for souls against the constant attacks of evil that will make you fall. Good is seen as evil and evil is seen as good, this is the reality of this generation, in which the existence of evil and the Divine Justice of my Son is denied, not realizing that this is Satan's plan to snatch souls. Get to know my Son, and you will recognize where evil stands, whoever tells you that evil does not exist, is pushing you away from the path to eternal Salvation. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be on guard against the attacks of human creatures who have given in to evil. They will cause great pain everywhere on earth, the innocent perish before the forces with which evil encourages its followers. My children scatter, live in separation, and the allies of evil unite to become stronger.... My children grow weak in senseless conflicts, and the allies of evil grow stronger in cooperation. You will not continue to live in the midst of peace, because power wants more power over all mankind, God's money will fall, and despair will cause upheaval. Nature will continue to destroy with force, because it sees the speed with which events are approaching man. My children, pray, receive my Son in the Eucharist and get to know Him, so that you will recognize Him and not be confused. The impersonator of my Son is coming, it is necessary for my children to know at this time, in this way you will not deny the undeniable or accept the unacceptable. My beloved ones, every moment is precious, more so than any other moment. Turn your life into a prayer, let every act be an act of love, let every deed be an act of love, in this way you will be a living testimony of the One who lives in you. Humanity will suffer greatly, my children must be guides of unity to strengthen the community, so that evil does not penetrate, for when evil penetrates, it destroys without mercy. Be missionaries of my Heart, carry the word of my Son to those who are confused. Beloved, darkness hangs over humanity; the soul is more powerful than the body, the body does not exist without the soul, save the soul, children save the soul.... Agonal moment. My maternal love will not forsake those who ask me. As a Mother, I hope that my children will come to me. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 04 2015 - Jesus Christ
My people, where are you, my people? You have strayed from My Kingdom for false idols.... for a wolf in sheep's clothing.... for false promises.... for negative teaching.... for political interests and for power.... for ideologies that invade my children to restrain and silence them.... ... For the interests that hide the truth.... You who stay away from My Kingdom, you who submit to your will.... You who immerse yourself in free will..., you who want to impose yourself on me.... you who keep me out of your life. ..., you who are arrogant in front of me..., you who barge in with anger..., you who give in to your whims..., you who speak words against my word..., you who think you are the master of my House and single out and criticize your neighbor.... You, who, in order to help in my altar, dictate judgments according to your poor intuition.... You, who rely on my priests to condemn your neighbor.... You, who, being a priest, do not rescue my sheep, but throw them off a cliff.... you, who, being a priest, cast the first stone without foundation, you, who take advantage of the gift I have given you - you are conceited, because they follow you, forgetting that without Me you are nothing. You, child, who love me according to circumstances, are lukewarm, whom I spit out of my mouth.... You, who in some moments love me, and in others abhor me.... You, who do not respect my plans.... you who question my chosen ones and tools, you are a stone of stumbling and will be fished out by the claws of evil, manipulated and used for the purposes of the enemy of my House.... beloved, this is the moment of moments, this is the moment in which he who does not come to Me wanders everywhere. Without the strength of my Spirit, my children will perish one by one moved by the deceitful deceiver. The more ignorant a human creature is, the more likely it is to fall into the ranks of those who will later persecute my faithful people. I have redeemed you from sin, but my people, who ignore me at this moment, have erected their own kingdom, this is called pride, that which does not need me or submit to anything, that which does not seek me, but gives me away from myself, is the same one, that led Judas to give me up for his own desires, to impose his way on me, pride, the same pride that led Lucifer to fall, and the same pride that will lead all those of my children who do not repent, who do not recognize that they are estranged from me and do not obey my will. I warn my people, and my people despise me ... Again and again I call upon you to love me ... I come as a beggar, as a friend, as a brother .... and I am despised. For this reason I come at this time as a righteous judge and you will see that 'I am who I am' and you cannot deceive Me. I have given my children, whom I love, missions and tasks for this moment, through which my faithful people will be protected. Beloved, nothing is certain for My children, you must earn My Kingdom and, moreover, preserve it from your own whims. Those who do not subdue their free will will not enter my House. You must not control what you should respect. At this moment so foretold by Me, as in the days of Noah, when My Father warned His children.... at this moment I warn you, sages and scholars, politicians and pagans, rich and poor, learned and illiterate, proud and simple.... I announce to you out of love, even if this word is not in your hearts. My Will will be fulfilled on earth as it is in Heaven, when the man of science is unaware that he will fall prey to the unexpected and will have to accept that he will not be able to surpass my Omnipotence with his advances. My Will will be fulfilled even if the leaders retain power and dominion over the people. My Will will be fulfilled! It is not the mighty who will put my children under the power of the antichrist who will destroy my faithful people. They will hurt my people and persecute them, but from my House my legions will descend and defeat the evil spread throughout the land by the godless. My legions will descend and take the harvest to safety, and they will eradicate evil from that which is My own. You, my simple and humble children, be at this moment those simple ones who know me to the depths, who love me as I love you; be those simple ones of my people who, enshrouded in knowledge, keep their brothers and sisters protected at all times from the snares of evil that the powerful have taken to dominate my people. You, my simple and humble children, whom I have called to solidarity with my Love, keep faith in my words and do not fall into the clutches of those who, with little knowledge, drag my faithful to refuse to accept my announcements and abandon that Mercy of mine which warns you to have complete knowledge of what is coming. Nature has awakened and man will suffer. Inactive volcanoes will become active, great disasters will invade the earth, they have taken power from the evil in man, which attacks its God, killing the innocent and rising up against the gift of life. The seas will cause pain to mankind. Man's conduct against my Will will cause him to suffer the consequences of his misuse of science as it dissipates like the wind, leaving its trail of pain in every human creature it touches. I mention to you nuclear energy and new inventions, such as chemical weapons, which are prepared to reduce the world's population. What are you preparing against your God, My child? Where I have seen My love, you respond with death.... where I have given myself to humanity, you cause war.... where I have metamorphosed into My altar, you despise Me and treat Me with disrespect.... My beloved people, wake up from such lethargy and from this ignorance with which you cover yourselves for comfort!.... You find greater hope in a whitewashed tomb than in my word! Ignorance is the Mother of failure and the fruit of hypocrites who do not love me and deceive my people to deliver them to the antichrist. The earth trembles before the speed of my Second Coming, trembles before the man who does not recognize it, and trembles before the terrorism that will cause destruction. Pray for England, France and Spain. The eagle that has a lush nest; it falls without delay. Woe to my children who have deposited in the god of money their destiny! You, my children, will see with horror the madness of the rich and the madness of the poor, the rich man who will find himself without any property in an instant when he has only worthless paper in his hands, and the madness of the poor man before the helpless rich man, taking what is not his and what was never in his hands. Each will be as guilty as the other, so I call upon you, my faithful people, to abide in my Will, so that you will not be distracted and will not be led into evil. Man will fight against his brother and my Heart will bleed. This humanity will be cast out of this earth for not recognizing Me as their Creator, you will be cast out by the chilling events of the elements that want to call you to My side, you will be punished again and again. Prepare yourself my child, that your conscience will be placed before me and you will be your own judge. There you will see that you are not the scholar you thought you were, nor the judge you were, nor the person who caused your brother's honor to fall. You will recognize the evil you committed before yourself, you will see how your soul falls low when it sees you eye to eye with the one who waits to be lifted up to come before me. Communism will expand and terror will invade the land. Water will whip Chile and San Francisco. The fire of great volcanoes will surprise my children. Did you really believe that you are better than me, my child? I Myself will show you that I am the one who judges and that the most persecuted are My messengers to reveal My presence in them. Beloved of My people, pray for My Church, it will be purified. Do not fear if you live fulfilling and worshiping my Will. Do not fear if you obey My Commandments, and do not forget that the arrogant will be annihilated by his own pride. Pray, My beloved ones, pray and feed on My Body and My Blood. My beloved people, in various countries my children have created their material shelter, but if they have not previously created their inner shelter, they will suffer the same pain as those who threw me out of their inner temple. My people, who do not cease to be brave, I am your God, I am your God.... and there is and will never be anyone greater than Me. I will send my Blessing for you in the one who will comfort you in times of trouble, and in this way my people will be chosen to be among my faithful children. Do not silence the restlessness of your heart and the reason to seek me, be faithful to my Will. Receive my Blessing. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 09 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children go forward constantly, with constant repentance for their actions and deeds that separate them from my Son. Do not stop, continue the struggle against evil inclinations. This generation is before the abyss that leads people to see sin as a simple act and a weakness that should not be overcome. They go through life without properly realizing the consequences for the soul of actions and deeds contrary to God's Will, thus resulting in the loss of eternal life. Do not persist without making a self-examination of your actions and deeds. Painstaking self-examination is essential at this time if you want to continue to struggle to overcome the evil inclinations into which evil draws you in the guise of good deeds. As Mother, I stand by you, I do not want to lose you; I am the Advocate and Advocate of each of you before the Divine Mercy of my Son. I will not separate myself even for a moment from those who ask me for help. Do not deny evil, it exists, just as goodness exists, but do not deny the mercy of my Son, before whom, if you approach with a truly contrite and humble Heart, you will be forgiven and welcomed back like a lost sheep that returns to the fold of its good shepherd. The horrors at this time will get much worse. Man, retreating spiritually, allows his baser instincts to rule him, and will not be recognized by the creature who acts according to the will of his King and Lord. Beloved children, the most precious gift is the gift of life, which the evil one seizes upon to inflict suffering on my Son. The true children of my Son are not only zealous, but keep their faith alive. Even if the wind is strong, the candle will not be extinguished, because my children live not only with fervor, but also with high spirituality, which keeps them in constant observance of the Law of God and the Commandments that my Son left you. Man will be the cause of hard times for all mankind, where pain will be a cruel scourge for all human beings, without distinction. Grow in knowledge... Make preparations for difficult moments.... be Eucharistic souls, do not feel comforted when you merely visit my Son in the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar, which should be an act of devotion, consolation and love for my Son. Go to Communion every day, aware that before such a great mystery of Divine Love, man is the least and most needy; aware of the union in which you must live with the Creator in order to receive the Divine Shepherd. Gaze upon the Cross with a pure and empty Heart from all that is sinful and contrary to the will of my Son. The Cross is not a sign, it is the fullness of God's Love for each of His children. The Cross is not just wood, but is the personification of mercy for and on behalf of all human creatures. The Cross is the fullness of all fullness. The Cross is Divine devotion beyond all devotion, it is the mystery, life and resurrection before which all human creatures must kneel and gaze at its greatness. Do not forget that the wolf hides among the sheep, do not forget that the chaff is mixed with the wheat; and remain in the will of my Son, so that you are not mixed with others. On the contrary, be a witness to your brethren before the snares of the devil. Do not despise my calls, be obedient to these my calls.... Do not separate yourselves, unity is essential for my true children. My Son's Church will go through difficult times and will be shaken. Try to do everything possible not to fall, keep the faith. My children do not cling to people, but to the will of my Son. My children are not followers of men, but souls who listen to the voice of my Son. My children are followers of my Son and devotees of my Immaculate Heart. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart. Humanity will experience great tribulation caused by man himself. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, mankind will suffer, a comet will approach the earth and the earth will suffer because of it. Water will flow over the earth and the earth will shake. My children, do not be beings who focus your faith on these events, be aware of this moment in which human suffering increases, not as a punishment, but as a call to return to the path you have abandoned. Man's anger causes his own destiny, which only by drawing near to my Son and changing the habits that take you away from the true path, will you be able to save yourself and move on without falling. Children, strengthen your faith, do not go astray. At every moment find a reason to keep fighting, find an opportunity to keep fighting. My Son is eternally present, He is in each of you. Pay no attention to dates, be beings of faith, strengthened by the unfathomable Love and Mercy of my Son, but do not forget that Divine Justice is imminent for this generation. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, my Son will return, offering Himself to everyone with His love, in a constant call to conversion. You will freely analyze yourselves as an Act of Divine Mercy for the Salvation of souls. Man will say that it is an act caused by science; human explanations will appear immediately. Enchantment will be distorted by science to minimize the Divine Power. You, my faithful children, do not falter in faith, I support you constantly. I love you, remain in my Immaculate Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 12 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My people will not be destroyed; I remain together with My people so that they will not be drawn away by sin or by fear. My children must continue to be assured that My House does not abandon its faithful; rather, they are called and taken so that they are not overcome by evil. My beloved people, the way is becoming thick; I have given you every means to distinguish between wolves in sheep's clothing, which in certain circumstances are those who speak out to cause division or those who pass judgments that suit Me. Hypocrites are those who take My Name to condemn their brethren! Take a look at your inner self, which everyone has, so that My Justice can see it. So many of my children resort to free will to separate themselves from me, living a false freedom transformed into debauchery! Woe to those who live freedom in their own way!.... These beings remain immersed in their human 'I', allowing their 'ego' to grow unchecked. True freedom is that which leads you where I call you, not that which lives its free will under the influence of human desire.... True freedom is not the one that leads you to live a life of false independence, nor the one that leads a person to live a life of personal pleasure or a freedom likened to living a life of debauchery. My beloved, my freedom is that which leads you to live in my Will, in my work and action.... In my Divine work and action. My beloved ones, freedom must lead you not only to listen to My Word, but to act and do My Word here and now. This is true freedom, the one that leads you to do good, but this is not what My children do unless it is by human consent. I encourage you to be free, truly free, I do not impose, but I encourage you to voluntarily find inner freedom. Beloved, each of you is the leading figure of your existence and the doer of your history.... truly free is he who struggles to achieve the goal for which he was created, to return to Me. My children, you will not find the freedom of my Will until you come to live in a state of Grace. Sin distances you from true freedom, because it leads you to satisfy your likes and desires. You must suppress the human 'ego' so that you can find the true freedom to which I call you. I see debauchery everywhere, it is abundant in the world, driving mankind to fall into its baser instincts, leading man into the snare of the devil. He who does not struggle to stay away from sin will live his freedom according to his own ego, separating you far from me. He who does not struggle to stay away from sin will only find a light flair, which for him is freedom, and so this is what will lead you to live away from Me. Beloved, it is the abuse of the will that drives this generation away from Me, that has led you to constantly rebel against My Commandments, offending Me no matter when your will without Me. Children, to what extent man rebels against my plans, allowing the enemy of the soul to settle in the Hearts of human creatures, crushing Faith, Values, Commandments, Sacraments, so that new trends surpass my Will, and liberalism takes over my Church! My Will is that my Church be a holy Church, where I can be joyful and abide fully, so that the enemy of the soul does not multiply his evil seed and feed on the indifference or ignorance of my people. Beloved children, destructive moments are approaching my Church, pray that the faith of my people will not falter. Famine will strike the nations, the strategy of evil to buy not only the conscience of my children, but the soul, so that you lose eternal life. The struggle of this moment is a spiritual struggle for all my children, it is a spiritual struggle without distinction. This is the reason for my call for you to remain vigilant. Mine do not see how the spiritual war is spreading throughout the earth. This war intensifies as the arrival of the deceiver approaches, so you will not recognize it and will submit to it willingly. The moon will confirm that blood is flowing all over the earth, do not be indifferent to the pain of your brothers, my Commandment is love. Pray, beloved, for the innocent, for those who suffer because of me. My people call upon Me to come quickly. Pray for the United States, which will fall victim to terrorism. My people, you go in the midst of a humanity plunged into sin. My suffering for you continues because of the ignorance that persists in those who deny My calls. My people, wake up! The night stained with the blood of the martyrs is coming.... My people, wake up! My Church will tremble; evil is attacking you to destroy My House. Do not distance yourselves from me; receive me with a contrite and humble heart, living each encounter to the fullest. To live in My way does not mean to live only in thorns, as some of My children dictate, but on the contrary, it means to take joy in sharing with Me the Salvation of your brothers and sisters. Do not rest; continue to submit to Me without delay. Pray, Italy will suffer from nature. Children, evil does not rest, and you sleep.... Be aware of the moment in which you are living and wake up from the lethargy to which evil has led you. I am Love, Mercy and Divine Justice. My people are not waiting, they are attentive to My calls. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 14 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, forever may my blessed Sacrament be praised, in Heaven and on earth may your name be praised. O Most Holy Sacrament, O Divine Sacrament, all praise and all thanksgiving be yours at all times. My children, I place myself as Mother before each of you, so that you may receive my intercession before the Holy Trinity. At this moment, more than at any other, you must nourish your souls by receiving my Son in the Eucharist, not forgetting to prepare yourselves worthily to receive Him, repenting strongly for your sins and having a firm resolve not to fall in them again. Do not receive my Son if you have not been to confession, if you have not repented of your sins, because it is an even greater offense and a greater sin to receive my divine Son without the required preparation. Children, you are followers of my Son, no man on earth is worthy of your adoration, only my Son should be adored, only to Him should honor and glory be given. Do not follow weak people who betray my Son and His Church. Only God gives you eternal life, salvation and glory. My beloved ones, at this moment the sun is emitting flames that change man, and fury is preying on those who are weak in spirit; although those who think they are strong in faith may also stumble and fall. No human creature is free from falling into temptation and succumbing to it. It is important that you constantly recognize that you depend on the Divine Breath and that you are children of the Almighty, before whom every knee bends. My beloved ones, the tentacles of the Antichrist move swiftly before the passivity of the children of my Son, children who are disobedient and unaware of the coming events. Man, in his stubbornness, vehemently denies the Purification and turns to the God of Mercy for forgiveness of the gravest sins; but when this Mother calls man to vigilance, because the swift Justice of my Son is close to mankind, one denies the Justice of my Son in order to continue to offend Him without measure. You must be spiritual beings, aware that you are full of the Holy Spirit, who becomes deeply saddened when your brother is killed, not only with weapons, but also with thoughts or ill will. At this moment, the tentacles of the antichrist move in only one direction, using rage and hardness of heart, taking a man to kill his brother. In this way, in ancient times, the earth found itself covered with the blood of the innocent, but no generation will ever do it like this generation. The tentacles of antichrist move in only one direction, sowing terror on the face of the earth, but you, my children, be assured that they can destroy the body, but never the soul, which is the property of my Son. My beloved ones, terrorism acts mercilessly; it will traverse the earth in a hymn against the gift of life; you, my children, sing to my Son and adore Him, be faithful to Him, be conscious of fulfilling the commandments and sacraments. Remember the Beatitudes and revive them in yourselves, find in them the fullness of love for your neighbors, being all that I have mentioned, the testimony of my children. My beloved children, not everyone who says: 'Lord, Lord,' says it in a heartfelt way, aware of what he is saying. My children, you must prepare yourselves for the second coming of my Son; you cannot deny that in light of this great event, the preceding events will be superadded. My beloved ones, you were created to find happiness, but by straying from the true path and succumbing to the seductive influences of evil, you have been drawn by evil to commit acts that lead to the loss of your soul. I invite you to pray for the United States, so that the rulers will have mercy on their nation and not scourge it once again. Terrorism works with the help of the rulers of the world's great powers. Children, the people of my Son do not fight alone, my Son and I stand before you, but those who are particularly interested in denying the existence of my Son and mine are weakening humanity by creating terror and fighting against my instrument. Terrorism will continue to expand in beings defeated by evil. It will unexpectedly reach a South American country. Children, a great number of human beings will die because of this great evil of terrorism that is currently flogging humanity. My beloved ones, volcanoes will erupt in several countries, bringing death to my children. You must prepare yourselves well. Know that the way of my Son is not the way of torture, but of surrender, joy and happiness in light of the hope of eternal life. You, my children, study, prepare yourselves, research and learn what you think is remote or impossible for man to understand. Feed yourselves with knowledge, you are being poisoned slowly and without your consciousness, not only by what you eat, but also by vaccines prepared in laboratories only to cause serious diseases in the human body, to eliminate it. Satan's cunning is immediate in action and covers all areas, and you with astonishing indifference allow all this manipulation to reach you, without putting up any resistance. Persecution has begun slowly but more and more violently against My faithful people. My Heart suffers from this cruel reality that man is responsible for drawing you away from My Son. My beloved sons, priests, I call upon you once again to proclaim the truth of the Gospel of My Son, not to hide the truth from My Son's people, to warn them to remain vigilant, to revive their spirit, to partake of the Sacrament of the Eucharist, not to deny what is undeniable, that hell exists and is a state of misery, and that God's justice will soon come upon this generation. Do not continue to lead souls to liberalism, do not mislead them. The apocalypse is not past, it is the present that the wounded people of my Son are experiencing, when thousands and thousands of human beings are perishing every moment. Is this not apocalyptic? Isn't the rage in man apocalyptic? Isn't climate change apocalyptic? Are solar flares not apocalyptic? Science has the answer to all of this, and my beloved sons of priests must use reason combined with the spirit to guide the people of my Son with wisdom so that they will sin no more. Italy will be severely flogged. Europe will weep with grief. My beloved ones, do not put your trust in finite people like you; carefully follow the divine teachings contained in the Holy Scriptures to guide the Church. In them, God has expressed the future of all mankind. Prepare your spirit for the Second Coming of My Son, but before that happens, prepare yourselves with a humble and contrite heart to face personal judgment during the Warning. Do not continue to be blind or foolish, do not deny what cannot be denied, My Word is guided by the Holy Spirit, and My Son continually sends Me to communicate His Divine Will to His people. I am the Mother of Love and Hope, I am the Gate of Heaven, where I desire to find you my beloved ones, even when the temples are closed, be aware that my Son dwells in you. My children, go forward, grow, fight against the world, fight against Satan's machinations; he has thrown all his devils to earth to sow in my children, with greater perseverance, rage, hatred and desire for revenge. Children, black gold will be one of the causes that will start the war that is expected. Be aware, the only thing you need is my Son. The money of the gods will falter and fall, and those who maintain their hopes for tomorrow based on the god of money will suffer total loss and surrender to death uncontrollably. My beloved ones, my Son is the only one worthy of adoration and glory, and the one to whom you must obey without hesitation. Trials and tribulations are near for this generation because of so many sins committed and so many transgressions against the laws established by the Eternal Father. The faith of my children is strong in my Son. All mankind without any differentiation will suffer. Most beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, stand firm in your faith, for the legions of angels are waging a great battle for the Salvation of souls. You are not alone. Even if you are not aware of the presence of your guardian angels, they remain with you, and my Heavenly legions watch over this humanity. You are not going alone, all of Heaven is guarding you, and I, as the Mother of mankind, am protecting and caring for you, and preserving you. Be aware that a true Christian cannot continue to live in lukewarmness or ignore all that is coming upon this generation. My beloveds, love one another, but before you do so, draw near to my Son, so that he may teach you true love. He who does not pray, who does not meditate, will be very far from being a true son of my Son, because He Himself went aside to pray to His Father, thus showing you the need for prayer and its importance. Pray the Holy Rosary. When you pray it meditatively, my angelic legions arrive immediately to bless the place where the Holy Rosary is prayed, and the protection is doubled and multiplied indefinitely. The souls who continually visit my Son at the shrine and approach the Eucharist properly prepared are sealed by my legions, those that my Son has given me, so that I, as Mother of all mankind, may be at all times the Advocate and Defender of this generation. I bless you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 19 2015 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of my people, my hand protects you, my Blood sets you free, my Will pleads for you. Beloved people, my legions guard you, do not push them away, you are my children and my legions are your defenders. You have forgotten your guardian angels, protectors and companions of the way. They watch over each of you without receiving thanks or prayers. Beloved ones, these are moments in which all help from My House should not be set aside, but should be received with great respect, remembering that I do not send My blessings casually, but because you need them more than at any other time, not only as help and protection, but as My special Divine Assistance for you to return to the true path. My children are moving hastily, rejecting what I have sent in previous moments to the public appearance of the evil one or the antichrist, who would say: I am the Christ on earth, I am the one you should follow, I am the one who has the Father's authority, I am.... my people will be tested, the unknown will be revealed by creation itself, mankind will be bewildered in the face of new discoveries, humility in man must flourish or it will wither like a fig tree that does not bear fruit. Some leaders will lead their people to disconnect from the authority of the Pope, my people will be cruelly persecuted, and my heavenly messengers, your guardians, will be an armor for everyone, so that even in hard times you will not renounce your faith. I come to each of my consecrated ones so that you may live humbly, without vanity and luxury, without great feasts and ostentation. On the contrary, I call you to humility. Whoever has been consecrated to me, let him not live in splendor, but in humility, in purity and in the service of my people, working and acting in holiness according to my Will. My people, a comet is approaching the earth, the earth's axis will move, the influence of this comet will be strong on the earth, causing every human Heart to be gripped by fear, and thus people will repent for what they had in their hands, and what they despised, ignored and changed, repenting, but not with their whole Hearts. Beloved children, the waves of the sea will hit the shores, great suffering will fall on my people. New lands will appear before the eastern shores of the United States, parts of lost continents from other times. Pray, My children, pray for San Francisco. Children, I am power, honor and glory, and you who do not pray are weak. I have left you My word, keep the faith. Each of you is the lamp that lights the steps of your brothers with courage and without hesitation. Seek me, you who seek me, seek me without fear. Evil is abundant and persistently calls to you, many of my children succumb, they are not strong and see everything that happens superficially. I speak to you and call you to repentance, and you still do not listen to me. There will be events that you have already encountered, which are different in that their magnitude and sequence were not seen in this generation. Beloved ones, 'almost all of Japan will be under the sea. Children, pray for Japan, nature will come upon it with severity. Pray for the Bahamas, they will suffer, pray. My beloved ones, the money god will fall and mankind will be disturbed, enter the darkness and feel lost.... do not make money a god. The coming moments will not be able to stop mankind. This is a moment of moments, my people should not be afraid. Whatever humanity has sown is the cause of its suffering. Man's unrestrained actions will force him to confront his own sins. My beloved people, trivial things must not be the cause of anguish, man's safety is in My House. The enemy of the soul is in the midst of humanity, infiltrating those who are empty people, without love for Me, without having Me in their lives, without respect and love for My Mother. Do not be fertile soil for evil, but on the contrary, be that soil fertilized by Me, where the chaff cannot multiply, but be stopped. Beloved, I not only call upon you to care for the soul, but also for the body in which the soul dwells. Do not enter into relations with evil, because later, without realizing it, you will be part of evil, and they will make you their own. I desire the Salvation of all my children, I give you my Mercy so that you are not lost, and Salvation depends on you. You are blessed by Me. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 21 2015 - Mother of God
Most beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you so much; this Mother loves you so much that she goes from Heart to Heart, knocking on doors together with the divine beggar of love, my Son! I love you so much, and as Mother, I do not stop interceding before my divine Son for each of you and for your Salvation. I love you so much, children! Despite your constant disobedience, the Most Holy Trinity allows me to continue to help you in the midst of the anxieties of this humanity. Most beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I encourage you vigorously, demanding that you no longer fall into the great sin of arrogance. As a result, the enemy of the soul takes advantage of this to completely take possession of the human creature. Many of my children make false promises to other people, especially to my chosen instruments and believers, and say: I will never leave your side, even if everyone falls to the right and left, I will remain with you, I am ready to give my life for you, I will put my hands in the fire for you, even if everyone stops believing, I will never stop believing in what is revealed to you. These children of mine will be the first to fall, because no human creature can guarantee to be faithful to the end. Instead, it is humbled by the one who causes and asks humbly and silently for the Holy Spirit to give him the necessary help so that he will not fail and interrupt the mission. Behind every chosen one is a great number of souls who depend on him. So many call themselves saviors of mankind, as if mankind depends on them so to continue to survive and defeat Satan! No man on the face of the earth has the fate of humanity in his hands, only my Son. The hypocrite who calls himself the savior of his brothers! He who proudly says that he is the shield that protects his brothers, remember that if he says so, he is the weakest among all human beings that exist on earth. Wake up children, wake up intelligence and the use of reason! Wake up the Heart that has fallen asleep in the face of the false promises, chatter and useless words of beings with greater intellectual capacity than you! Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the only savior is my Son, the only liberator is my Son, the only one who speaks with all truth is my Son and conveys it through his faithful instruments with simplicity and love. When a human being says that he is something more than the rest - that is when he is something less than the rest of humanity. My Son did not come to earth to spread this. When a creature received a miracle, my Son immediately disappeared from the scene and asked not to tell others about the miracle that had just happened. Remember that the master of the show and spectacle in these lofty moments of humanity has a name and it is called Satan, the seducer and deceiver of souls. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I call upon you and demand unity, that which my Son came to bring to you without distinction, it did not matter whether they were sinners or not. My Son cried out and anyone who listened to Him was immediately accepted by Him. The fool who continued to be oppressed by evil probably at some point woke up or went to a place where he must atone for his sins. Beloved people of my Son, children of my Immaculate Heart, gradually the truth about shady deals between nations is coming to light. This is causing surprise and will cause even greater surprise to the people of my Son, because evil is moving slowly behind humanity, has secured most of the leaders of the nations to prepare its great tentacle, power, because without the power of the great leaders, it would be difficult for Satan himself to elevate his descendant, the Antichrist, to the highest peak, from where he will be able to make all decisions to manipulate all of humanity in every aspect. You people of my Son know very well that the temples will be closed, and hence my urgent call for you to grow and study the Divine Word of my Son, so that you will know and love Him. Everyone must transform into a soul enthralled with my Son, and in order to love Him, you must know Him deeply and thus achieve mutual love. Everyone is needed in the plan of Salvation, but not everyone is ready to live in the crushing of their human self. Those who deny the Divine Will will be the ones who will be left out, because they will not know which way to choose. The undecided at any time are those who have not been able to overcome great spiritual trials. My true tools not only struggle with daily life, as if that were not enough, not only face this world that lacks goodness, but also struggle with criticism from those who do not really know my Son and, considering themselves scholars, criticize what cannot be criticized, criticize the truth and question it, mocking my Word and the Divine Word of my most holy Son. At the same time, however, my faithful tools are pointed out by those around them, and as if that were not enough, they are rejected by the hierarchs of the same Church of my Son. Thus, each of my tools, including the faithful tools of my Son, lives like my Son, in a continuous march to Calvary with a cross on his shoulder. Beloved children, this generation has completely contaminated itself by not recognizing and despising my Son. Evil has penetrated with great freedom, and at this moment my Son has appointed some of His creatures, and one in particular, to shoulder the great mission of remaining faithful to the word of my Son, so that the help sent from above may be presented to a faithful and afflicted people at a time of greater persecution by the antichrist, in order to thus console His people and strengthen them to prevail to the end. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I see so much arrogance in most of my children! So much so that they despise each other, so much so that Satan has infiltrated the mind, the conscience, the reasoning and the thoughts to invade the Heart and pour into it all his hatred against my Divine Son and, consequently, against his brothers. The massacres will not cease, because man despises himself. The great powers remain united. They are not what they appear to be in front of mankind, they sign suspicious agreements because they need war in order not to lose power. Everything I have announced to you has been fulfilled, some here and now and my other revelations will soon come true, but absolutely everything I reveal to you with the permission of the Holy Trinity will come true and this generation will not end until all my predictions are fulfilled. All people are dominated, some more than others, they are dominated by the families who are the masters of this generation. Who has given humanity into the hands of a group of families that humanly dictate the future of humanity? The leaders of great nations. Enough, stubborn people, enough of insulting my Son! Therefore, I call on you to wake up, but not in body, but in conscience and spirit, because it is urgent. England will suffer and suffer greatly because of terrorism, its own, not foreign terrorism. The United States will suffer from terrorism and from nature. The volcanoes are awakening, those that were dormant have awakened to warn man not to deny his God any longer and to turn his gaze to the only one who gave his life for the redemption of the human race. Beings of good will who remain on the path to my Son and listen to the calls from Heaven through my faithful instruments must redouble their devotion, because in the will of my Son you do not act alone, you are multiplied to infinity. Evil will seem to win the battle, but it will only seem, it will never be victorious. Before this happens, my Son will send his legions to save his people. The Antichrist's empire is growing exponentially, more than you can imagine. At the same time they are providing the great leaders with skyrocketing sums of money to keep them in their clutches, and they are the oppressors of their people. Beloved children, 'if you had faith like a mustard seed,' the manna itself from heaven would descend to feed you, but because you enjoy only what is mundane and temporary, you do not appeal with true faith for the help of my Son. My beloved ones, change your ways and return to the right path, for anyone who has been called, if he does not submit 'in spirit and in truth' as he was called, can be removed from his position. No creature on the face of the earth is necessary for the fulfillment of my Son's will - if, because of human stubbornness, the creature is not worthy of the calling. My beloved ones, I will continue to warn you, for every moment must be a comforting opportunity for you, new and encouraging in spirit, to tame your 'ego'. Examine yourself daily, because you will be confronted with the One who examines everything and from whom you can hide absolutely nothing. I am Mother and teacher at the same time, everyone thinks he is an actor and a spectator of his life, but how many of you give up your place as an actor to my Son and become mere spectators? Only those who have truly pure hearts. Humanity is hanging by a flimsy thread; a heavenly body is coming that will make all of humanity tremble, and you will know how limited and small you are in the face of the infinite power of my Son. As the second person of the Holy Trinity, my Son came to redeem you from sin, but this generation so offends Him that it refuses to give in the slightest to lift up its eyes and say: my Lord and my God! Pray, do not despise prayer; do not despise the Holy Rosary. My Son sees those souls who devote moments of their lives to prayer, but at the same time He calls each of them to be His disciple, to be faithful to Him and to awaken their brothers. If you do not have the gift of evangelization, the gift of the word, use technology and be the transmitters of this word of warning to the rest of your brothers, so that they are aware of the urgency of this moment in which they must pray. Pray, beloved children, for Chile, that this my beloved nation is suffering greatly. Pray, my beloved children, for Israel, for it will suffer. Pray, my children, for the nation of South America, pray for Argentina. My beloved ones, so many deny the events I have announced to you! See, as the fool in his folly finds arguments to deny My announcements, you try your best to bring My Word to your brethren. Nature has awakened and continues to awaken in a series of events that man will not be able to determine, nor does he have the ability to stop them. To all of you who read this message with true love and faith, I ask you to raise your Rosaries and Sacramentals at this time. I, as the Mother of the Word, bless you so that you can be defenders of those who have them. I bless your Hearts so that they may soften and my Word as Mother and disciple of my Son may penetrate you deeply and be renewed with a generous spirit. I bless you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 24 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you. I come for My people, for My faithful ones. I do not come to relieve you of your daily obstacles, but I come to lead you through the crucible in which, as those who are mine know, the source of eternal life is stored. You will not find eternal Salvation unless you fight against sin and live in My Will. Daughter, I see how few there are who are praying at this time. I also see how many are coming up to receive me, prepared with dignity, without resentment towards their brothers, without anger or displeasure. Anger is not a good companion of man; it leads him to awaken unseen sins that pass unnoticed, but corrode the heart. A man without understanding destroys his own way. Do not forget that I give what everyone desires. Do not ask for stones, for you will receive stones. You know my Law, my Will. So you will be judged according to the measure of your knowledge; much is required of those to whom much is given. And certainly in this rule it is very important for a human being to be humble and use reason correctly. Anger leads to irrational action and leads a person not only to harm himself, but also to act like a demon, without paying attention to rationale and without regard for mercy. Humanity has adorned itself with rage. Today's man does not think. When someone hurts his 'ego', he reacts in a disgruntled manner. If he does not feel superior and is not praised, he becomes enraged and destroys everything in front of him. My children, don't forget that man expresses what he carries within himself. My children, do not forget that in the blink of an eye one can go from rage to hatred. At this moment, rage builds up, which is born as something harmless to man, but then the awakened monster is immediately reinforced by other human feelings that lead him to see nothing but his own interests. I come to place on my scales not only the actions but also the conduct of my children. I will demand more from the one who has received more, because the one who receives more must reciprocate more. Beloved children, the horsemen are approaching humanity. I urge you to prepare, and you respond with indifference or anger. Because of a puffed-up spirit, with each passing moment, mankind is becoming deaf to My calls and less willing to enter into communion with My Will. This generation remains in constant disarray; feelings come and go, as creatures, consumed by sin, seek to satisfy their appetites, lose themselves unconsciously, easily forget my Will and offend me immeasurably. A human being who does not obey my Will suffers so much when he looks back and finds himself in darkness, after having lived in the light! The heart in human creatures has hardened due to constant submission to one's own Will. The sinner does not recognize sin because it is what he constantly consumes. Children, how long will you wait before you hear my calls? My children, rage has led the nations to fight among themselves, to hate one another, to mercilessly kill the innocent. Man has distanced himself from Me more than he thinks, prayer has become an object of derision, or it is considered unnecessary to approach Me. How wrong man is! Acting in this way, he approaches agony. Man grows spiritually tired, and this leads him not to look with love. Oh, how I grieve when I see souls who are on their way to purifying agony! Beloved children, great changes are near, in every way, and also within my Church. Many of my cardinals do not love each other as brothers, but see each other as rivals! Many of my beloved sons, the priests, are not leading my flock along the right path! Blood is spilling over the earth every moment like water..., and man is not moved, but excited by the lust for blood. My poor children! They have thrown themselves towards evil like sheep towards the abyss! Life is despised and used for scientific purposes.... Science abused and abusing the innocent, inflicting pain on them, in order to make nations grow by selling them power. What harms humanity is not only radioactivity - which is the great tentacle of the antichrist - but everything that is used by governments to snatch the lives of my children. It is not only radioactivity that is a threat; also what is being created in laboratories to destroy the majority of human beings living on earth stubborn man, you are taking into your hands what is my Will! Humanity is suffering and will suffer one by one; volcanoes will act in a progressive manner; my children will suffer. Pray, my children, pray; Nicaragua will suffer. Pray, my children, pray for India; India will cry. Pray, my children, for Spain; Spain will suffer painfully. Children, water is penetrating the earth and my children are suffering; the weather will change even more. My beloved ones, pray; man needs prayer. Do not despise my Mother, pray the Holy Rosary. I have given you My Mother as the Mother of all people, go to Her. When evil spreads with great force, do not despair, I protect you, and My legions give you shelter. I will send my people comfort, love and hope, so that you will not fall defeated; but you must remain faithful, and everyone must guard himself, so that you will abide in me. Do not look away, do not forget that the one who turns the other cheek is my Son. Do not engage in disputes and fights, for they cause havoc. Beloved of My people, I love you, I am never separated from you, I send you help from My House. See on high, I will send My Love as manna for My chosen ones, as a way and as a word. Do not be afraid, you are not alone. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 27 2015 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of my people, step by step I take you with me, so that the way may be less arduous.... within the framework of free will, each person chooses whether to go on with me or go on alone.... Man says: 'I am in the likeness of Christ', and can this be true? In my likeness would be the humble, the meek, the one who has a sincere Heart, the one who does not exalt himself, the one who turns the other cheek, the one who knows how to wait and listen, the one who says 'yes' to me and continues to struggle to abide in my Will. Beloved, do not forget humility, it is the badge of my children, it is the distinction of those who love me in spirit and in truth. The humble one, who receives my Blessing and my help, charms me and calls upon me without uttering a single word. The conceited one perishes through his own arrogance.... Who among you wants to be the last? Do not forget that he who serves his brothers will be great among men, and he who boasts will be humiliated not once, but a thousand times. He who is ruled by arrogance will lead him to his own destruction. The conceited one who uses some power over his brethren will personally exalt himself. These beings disparage me, and proclaim themselves irreplaceable. Ah! Do not forget that I come with power and justice, 'for everyone who exalts himself will be humbled, but he who humbles himself will be exalted. Children, mankind moves puffed up by 'ego', in its unreasonable intelligence full of disorder, suffering in its effort to know what it doesn't know, having before it the arrogance that controls reasoning and is capable of nullifying true intelligence. Arrogance instills an erroneous notion of liberty, knocking humanity into the abyss. My beloved, the man who grows in his freedom, separating himself from everything that suggests to him to remain in some order and focusing on himself, is a victim of his own misfortune. Freedom is the way, the path and unity, not independence.... freedom is Love, not division.... freedom is obedience, not hardness of Heart.... My beloved, whoever lives in his reasoning lives in his misery, for true freedom is greatness, not that which inflates in its own 'ego'. He who separates himself from me lives in constant danger, caught up in himself, loving himself more than me. He who separates himself from me is a drifting boat on the sea of his human self, craving recognition, care and human tributes, and lives in excessive self-love, darkening his conscience so as not to see his own vain glory. The arrogant easily forgets my Rights, in his poor mental structure he quickly separates himself from me, invalidating me from his life. As a result, the changes of this generation thrown into the abyss by the greatest mistakes that man has fallen into. Beloved children, recognize arrogance. It brings arrogance elevated to the world and its plans, defeating you, making you conceited, not considering reasoning, but only your own and foolish wisdom, and threatening the unity of my children wherever they are. Children, recognize conceit, at this moment it is more present in people than at any other moment. Conceit stalks my children everywhere, disguising itself so as not to be recognized, oppressing my spirit to keep it in chains so as not to forgive, and imposing itself as the master of truth, maintaining its concepts as unique. Children, conceit exists in most of my children, though only a few recognize it so they can improve. Conceit directs pain at others. The conceited one constantly hurts his brothers, solely for the sake of satisfying his ambitions. Conceit, children, is a spiritual disease, it has power over the human creature, the power to keep it in its 'ego' and away from my Love, until it achieves its goal to direct my children away from me into the abyss. My beloved people, examine yourself in the spirit of sacrifice, just in case I come and do not recognize you for having rebelled against Me and against your brothers. The law is one, and outside of it sin is in excess, and offenses against me are constant. Lack of love hurts me and my own move away from me. Because of man's conceit, the innocent perish, rebellion finds support, persecution strengthens, conflicts increase, the powerful justify their mistakes, oppressors are satisfied, and man destroys himself because of his conceit. My beloved people, look to Me, live in My Will, do not toil in what is mundane. Mundanity... Man's power will fall under his own idolatry. Allies will betray each other in the midst of great confusion. My children live in disorder, seeing from afar the suffering of their brothers. Do not disregard my calls; my Church will suffer in an instant. Do not lose faith in My protection. My Love gives itself and manifests itself and will continue to manifest itself toward my people. My help will come to my faithful, guiding my children and exposing the evil oppressor and his tentacles. Pray, my children, for Russia. Together with her allies, she will cause pain. Russia will suffer through the environment. Pray, my children, for Chile. It will suffer as the earth trembles. Pray, my children, for Italy. They will be victims of terrorism and nature will make them suffer. Beloved ones, the earth is trembling. Water, which is a blessing for man, will make him suffer. Make an examination of your conscience before your conscience examines you. My beloved people, I support you. I remain constantly with my people. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 31 2015 - Holy Mary
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I look at humanity thirsty for knowledge... I bless with my love all my children, especially those who strive, who struggle against themselves not to decay before the lures of evil, who constantly discourage my children to rob them of hope in the help of heaven and lead them to lose faith. I see so many children wandering, so many who walk like corpses saturated by anger and transformed into aggressive creatures without conscience, into arrogant creatures, without humility and ignorant of the state of their soul, because they do not know what the soul is. My children have grown up without the desire to know and deepen the spiritual path. This has led them to deny what they do not know and to disobey the requests of my Son and mine, dragged by spiritual laziness, dragged by bodily, mental and above all spiritual laziness. I see humanity thirsty for knowledge, and the devil takes advantage of this to lead them on deviant paths far away from my Son, introducing them to false practices and false ideologies. You, children, do not approach the new age, propitiated to establish a single government and eliminate the religion that my son instituted. Children, go into knowledge so that when you transmit the faith to your brothers and sisters, your words may be based on knowledge and spiritual praxis. Humanity is manipulated by a power that the great majority is unaware of: a group of families to which the rulers have adhered, obeying their mandates. They are the ones who are interested in the prompt occurrence of the third world war. Among them, the freemasons, contrary to the Church of my Son, have introduced themselves in the very hierarchy of the Roman Curia, and in the most relevant points of the world and society in order to dominate humanity in all its fields. I alert you so that my son's people acquire knowledge of all that surrounds them and moves with their own interests to reduce the world's population. Little children, nothing remains forever in enemy hands for the salvation of souls. My Son will stop the actions of those who subjugate his people. First humanity will have to be purified for its disobedience to the Divine Calls. He who deceives and will deceive mankind is ready to make himself known worldwide. He has become involved in the circles of major political, food, pharmacological, armament, educational and religious power; he governs technology and other media. At this moment, everything that moves is directed to supply the tentacles of the antichrist and his great power. He will succeed in confusing even those who have professed faith in my Son. This diabolical creature will confuse theologians, and the faithful people will fall and be enslaved... if they are not faithful connoisseurs of the Divine Will, which we give them through these calls. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: another disease spreads by affecting the respiratory tract; it is highly contagious. Keep the holy water, use hawthorn and the echinacea plant to fight it. Beloved children: pray for Japan, it will shake. Pray for the United States, it will suffer from terrorism. Pray for Spain and Belgium, they will suffer because of man and nature. Children of my Immaculate Heart: continue in unity, every instant is an opportunity for conversion. Save the soul from the clutches of Satan. Pray the holy rosary, I come in haste. I bless you, my beloved. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

February 03 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Love remains alive in all my children. I guard you every step of the way to confront the evil that burns to lead you to the abyss. Beloved children, in this rush of the fall of man, a great number of Mine have a supposed and weak faith, grounded not in My Son, but in popular customs. This is the result of denying my calls. I uphold your consciousness so that you may renew your desire to remain united with my Son, nurturing from His side where His people were born. Nourish yourselves by delving into the Word of God, the announcements of what is coming for humanity. Do not forget the lives of so many saints who have left you My revelations. You can be sure that this generation, no other, has fallen into the hands of Satan, who is preparing the way for the greatest enemy of my Son's people, the antichrist. As a Mother, I go from heart to heart, announcing to each of my children that the present moment is in the greatest danger from the constant and imminent ambushes from those whom Satan has sent to make people perish. Sin has existed, but not like this moment, in which man is merciless. They do not love themselves, knowing that the Warning is coming and so much suffering that I have announced through so many calls. Children, it is not by prayer alone that you can gain Heaven, you must enter into communion with my Son, you must receive Him in His Body and His Blood. Do not put off confessing your sins and the merit of correction. Be humble enough to acknowledge your limitations and defects, be open to the help of the Holy Spirit, He will provide all that is necessary for my children. Beloved ones, do not miss a moment, take advantage of the blessing of knowledge and the use of reason, intelligence, good intentions, humility, love and enlightenment to grow in spirit, and by entering draw closer to my Son. He is always in the presence of each of you; he is waiting for man's free will, which desires to receive spiritual nourishment, which leads the soul to achieve what it does not yet know, entering the thresholds where the creature from above enjoys Heaven. Man has lost so much by remaining within spiritual limits! My Son desires a holy Church, and the Church has been tainted beyond measure. Most of my favorite children do not warn the people of my Son, who live in condemnation and bad habits, having evil instead of good. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, terrorism, the scourge of humanity, is spreading. My Heart bleeds because of so many lives that perish because of persecution and hatred ordered by the enemy of the soul. Nature is approaching man to awaken before so much evil that surrounds and possesses Mine; volcanoes are speaking to man. Pray, My beloved, pray the Holy Rosary for the United States. They will suffer from terrorism and from nature. Pray, children, for Japan, for it will be shaken again. Pray for Colombia, she will suffer. My beloved ones, there is so much evil that surrounds man that he does not see evil because he coexists with it and sees it as good. My Son's people have not been warned of the seriousness of human pride, for not listening to the calls of God's Will. My Son has left to this Mother the role of guiding and defining His people. And again, my Motherhood will crush the infernal dragon. Be vigilant, my children must not fall prey to the horrors of hell. Do not be afraid, children, prepare yourselves. Do not let fear paralyze you and ignorance oppress you. Know and accept my Son. His blessing is over all His people, everyone receives what they desire. You are not alone, the blessing will come to the faithful people and descend from the house of my Son as protection in times of trial. Beloved children, whoever receives my Son will be grateful for the blessing. Do not be afraid, I am your Mother. I am with you and protect you. I bless you and love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 08 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, stop for a moment and listen to My call. You are my people, whom I love and for whom I give myself to redeem you from sin. Man, created in the image and likeness of our divinity, is aware of his true dominion over all that is created. As I am holy, so from my side grows my holy Church, so that all my children may know me and be one with me, as my Father and I are one. My children cannot remain on earth without awakening in themselves the desire for unity with Me to which I call you. My people listen to Me, each in a personal encounter in which I speak and My children listen, and agree with Me that if you do not fulfill My Commandments, you are not true Christians. The gift of life is sacred, no creature can oppose life, and at the moment I am being crowned with thorns again and again, unceasingly, because my people have not been able to wait with patience and faith; you have given yourselves into the hands of false idols that have led you to perdition. Ignoring the tentacles of evil, you have fallen into the clutches of the enemy of the soul, and evil has channeled the righteous use of human intelligence, which makes man the creator of not only good, but pretends to create life, creating a tower of Babel and moving farther and farther away from my Will every moment, and coming closer to its own destruction of life. I come to demand change, conversion and love, so that you can speak of faith. I come for those who love their neighbor as themselves, for my true children who are not disguised, but live expressing spiritual compassion, and with them also souls who love me, love and feel the pain of their brothers and sisters. My beloved people, this is a moment of courage, not by fighting, massacring your brother, but this is a moment of courage to proclaim My calls, warning your brothers of what is coming for this generation. Beloved ones, do not forget that whoever acts in his own self-interest will continue to be saturated in his 'ego', increasing the poverty of ignorance. I urge you to live a life of constant Christian practice, where your neighbor is a reflection of my Love and my presence. Warn your brethren, without fear or hindrance, in accordance with my Will, at this moment where demons have thrown themselves upon souls to commit the most horrible abominations. My children, my mystical body, my Church will suffer greatly at the hands of those who, besieged by evil wrath, have blocked you from within. I will act with my Divine Justice on those who distract my people, deny existing evil, satisfy themselves with luxuries that come from my altar, and thwart my Word and reject the poor and hungry. My Church is not a Church of mundane luxuries, but of shepherding my flock; it is not a Church of conflict, but of unity. My Church does not exclude the poor, the hungry and the needy; my Church feeds the hungry and like a Mother teaches my Law, and with the same love leads my people to conversion. Beloved children, come to me, I am waiting patiently for you to unite you to my Will. My reign is for each of my own, it is not reserved for a small number of people, but for all who live and do my Father's Will. My Law does not change according to the moment or human interests, My Law is one and it is written. My Love does not change, it is the same yesterday, today and always.... I only need the conversion of My children. My beloved people, the earth is groaning in travail for the blood it receives from so many innocents, for the deception of Communism, for the hidden control of the Freemasons, for the power of the god of money, for the lie and deception in which My faithful people are engulfed. All of creation is fulfilling My Will, fulfilling the function for which it was created. Man, who does not obey My Law, follows other people and pushes Me aside. He acts with pride and anger, despises my calls, staying away from me and gives himself over to Satan to become part of the people of the deceiver, the antichrist. I am betrayed by mine, they hurt me, they blaspheme against me, they hurt me, they mock my real presence in the Eucharist, they skip the sacraments, they mock the confession of sins, they come to the Eucharist out of habit or to secure their place in the community. Economy, the god of man, falls by the decision of the manipulators of this world. Oh, when my hand falls on those who have usurped my Name! Pray my people. He who does not pray is not true, he is a light fleece without the strength to fend off the great attacks that will come. Pray children, for my Church, will suffer unexpectedly, pray children, the earth trembles, my children suffer, and volcanoes will be an obstacle, so man will move from one place to another. Pray children, evil encourages war, which is growing fast. My people, my people! I am with each of my faithful, do not be afraid, trust in my help. Blessings descend from My House; My Word is living water that will renew man through the presence of My Love for My children. 'I am who I am. I am your God. My blessing descends upon you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 10 2015 - Mother of God
The Mother appears radiant like the morning sun breaking through the darkness that still tinges the dawn; she reveals herself, pushing away the clouds that obscure the sky. Her face, like the purest porcelain, doesn't allow me to take my eyes off her cheeks with the color of pure pink that we will only be able to see in paradise, with so many magnificences gathered around her, my Mother immediately impresses me with her eyes - pure and crystalline - which are lovingly more open than usual and speak to me with their gaze; Immediately some images appear, the purity of honey, the color of gold, the rays of the sun that shine through the clouds and seem to flee to show the great power of the starry sun, which nothing stops, and before sunset expands its greatness. She looks at me like a Mother who knows me and knows that I want to be tenderly wrapped and embraced. She smiles, and in her smile I can see that she takes pleasure in saying: 'don't stop being like a child who approaches with hope and love'. And she smiled at me.... oh, sunshine full of radiance! Blessed are you among women! The light reflecting off her dress seems to reach down to the light brown hair with which she appears, and reflects like a rainbow that covers her blessed head. Every detail on her cloak is a small flower that I recognize, and next to each flower a beautiful flame gives off light without a break, flying from one place to another, creating the most beautiful shapes, as if under a baton during a symphony. Suddenly, at that moment, butterflies of several colors appear and move, forming a sort of delicate string of pastel colors around her mantle. Such natural and heavenly splendor! Delighted by this beauty, I hear the Mother say: 'Child of my Heart, pass this vision on to your brothers, my children. Don't wonder whether they will believe you or not, do it. And convey to them that this magnificence of the creatures that surround me and adorn my mantle is a remedy for the lack of those who say they love me and do not love me, those to whom I speak and convey to them the Will of my Son, and they refuse to proclaim it because they are mistakenly afraid and worried about what others might think or say. Tell them that everything that came out of the Father's hand was to please His children, and man, because of his privileged and acquiescent ignorance, does not reciprocate this; instead, he heralds new ideologies to adore the animal and plant kingdoms, the sun, the moon, the wind, while man adores himself, his Body, as if it were immortal. Creation does not want to be adored by man; it submits to God's Will and fulfills the purpose set by God. All that has been created weeps for man who has gone astray, submitting to new practices, as I announced during my first revelations. Man will abandon the true faith to embrace ideologies and practices that will lead him to evil, controlling his mind with falsehoods, leading him down the path to the one and only religion demanded by the ruthless followers of the antichrist. At this moment, I can hear the beating of Her Immaculate Heart, and our Mother is crying out: children, many souls are lost when their reason is stolen to subjugate them.... and they don't even realize it. The mind is clouded and man's faculties are subjugated so that man can sin and offend my Son.... in light of this truth, it is urgent that my favorite children use the power of the word given by the Holy Spirit to awaken the souls they need to save. The world is advancing and evil is surpassing. My children must inform themselves and warn their peers; evil does not have office hours or close its doors at one time. At any given time, the devil is working 24 hours a day and more.... Man has come to what I have announced, when he wants to approach my Son in the most holy sacrament, he finds no open temple where he can soothe the suffocation he carries within himself because of his daily suffering. Cruelty is on the rise. So many lies are hidden from humanity by great politicians and their alliances with communism, terrorism, misapplied technology and provoked diseases, science in the service of evil and nuclear power! Do not despair, faithful children of my Son. The anguished groan of the people is not far away. My Son's justice is real and no man can stop it.... He is just and merciful, and at this moment He is coming as judge. Who will have to His name the necessary prayers and constant submission? Who will not taste Divine justice? In the midst of this dismemberment, nothing stops evil except man, who overcomes his own human ego and overthrows his pride. Children, understand that when you refuse to change and reject conversion, you will not be able to kill the ego, and it will crush you, leading you to rebel against Heaven's requests. My beloved, at this time you must pave the way; the senses - saturated with impurities - betray a person, pornography, uncontrolled sex, drugs that paralyze the senses and destroy the mind and body. The immodesty of a woman who is not afraid to show her body will be severely punished by my Son. My true children must not expose themselves to such practices, for they deprave the senses and lead to the breakdown of marriage when the man does not value the wife and the wife does not value the husband. Beloved, this momentary decision is a personal one; you must pave the path of conversion, because the senses betray you, as they are not subject to the Word of God and have not been spiritually educated. The heart of man does not accept my Son, dishonest human appetites have hardened it, and pride reigns over humanity. My Son returns for His faithful ones. The faithful are obedient, they do not risk eternal Salvation, they do not hesitate to respond to Heaven's requests, because they know that if they prepare themselves with a generous spirit, giving up the mundane, they will receive all the blessings that will make their way easier. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, my Son will cause blessings to descend over His people in moments of greatest tribulation. Divine help will come when you meet face to face with evil and its devils. Lest you forget that evil will not overcome good, that you are the light of the world and the salt of the earth, do not forget that you are the apostles of my Son, and my beloved, do not be afraid. Immerse yourselves more firmly in my Son and His teachings, He will amaze you with His love, and from the Father's House will descend to you the One who will be the encourager, the peace, the love, the preacher, the defender of the faithful people who are suffering. He will come, as promised, to renew the people of my Son. You will recognize him when his heart reflects the love of my Son. In the moments when the antichrist will mercilessly unleash devils against humanity, ask my Son to send you his promise from Heaven to earth. With confidence, wait for the Divine Word, which never fails, no matter how much man fails. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, continue to be attentive to my calls and united in prayer for the United States, which will continue to suffer. Continue in prayer for Chile, Uruguay and Mexico, where evil threatens and nature cleanses. Pray for Ukraine, blood is being shed. Children, you who still have faith in my calls and in my intercession, do not stop alerting your brothers. Do not hold back, pray, receive my Son, be spiritual reinforcements of the mystical body. Prayer extends to infinity and is received by thirsty souls. Offer your sufferings for the Salvation of souls. I love you and remain united to each of my children at every moment. Mother Mary. Later, our most holy Mother took the globe in her hands, kissed it and with her blessed lips kissed the innocent blood on several continents. Our Mother shed tears over the earth and over each of the beings who hung on Her mantle at that moment, and they remained inert, each feeling the pain of the Most Holy Mother. The Mother's mantle does not shine, it takes on a solid color and with the globe in her hands I see it slowly disappear. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 14 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Love is the strength that lifts my children when they ask for my intercession. At this moment, man does not know love, he is a dead Heart that continues to beat in spirit without true life. How many feel moved when they see images depicting my Son on the Cross? The Cross that my Son carried is still the same.... love, the same.... obedience, the same.... pain, the same.... sacrifice, the same.... self-giving, the same.... but something changes every moment, the executioners who scourge my Son change, each of them scourging Him with disobedience.... With lack of love for their neighbor.... With rebelliousness... With acceptance of sin... With disloyalty... With lying... And with arrogance... The nails are changing; they are getting heavier at the moment. When do they change? When every creature denies the transformation of this generation immersed in the predilection for human will.... when it denies the truths of my Son and replaces them with false modernisms.... when it denies the signs of the times and the power that was given to Satan so that he could establish dominion over man.... children, stop! Look and see how you are gradually dying... living death! my children coexist with all that is alien to the Will of God; my children coexist with the personification of violence, anger, betrayal, hatred, viciousness, crime, evil, lack of love, which once again wounds my Son. My beloved ones, the will of man swims on a sea tainted by resentment, evil, lust, vainglory and pleasure. Children, selfishness brings pain to one's neighbor. A true Christian does not cause pain to his neighbor, but diminishes himself so that his neighbor can grow. I come to you, my children.... I come to you who go on, who go deeper into the love of my Son, to become imitators of Divine Love and observe the First Commandment. At this moment, the lukewarm are meditating, not realizing the decisive moment in which they are living. I suffer from the voluntary deprivation in which these souls persist; they do not enjoy the supreme power with which my Son burns in those who are faithful to Him, they do not enjoy the reasoning or intelligence filled by the Holy Spirit. Beloved, grow, delve into your inner self, and you will find my Son.... do not seek Him outside, there you will find only the finite. Strengthen your knowledge, be more spiritual, and swim towards the Heart of my Son with the oars of faith and love, supported by the Cross on which you were redeemed. Children, hunger is sweeping the nations, and you remain indifferent until hunger becomes widespread. Contaminated soil does not produce healthy fruit, just as a man who is deprived of love is afraid. Beloved children, this moment is the moment of all moments.... A comet is sweeping through space with great force. For man it is still invisible. The plague is advancing inexorably towards man, who does not believe in any of the Warnings given out of love by the House of My Son. Be creatures who love the truths revealed by my Son, be creatures of faith, not feelings, not suppositions. Be creatures of faith. Whoever separates himself from the light because of distorted thinking, separates himself from true faith. Children, when you go, do not oscillate between the mundane and my Son. The lukewarm will be spit out of the Mouth of the Father. Fight for your conversion, fight without parting with what is not the Will of my Son; do not pollute your senses, because they pass from the body to the soul, which in turn becomes polluted so that you can caress sin and indulge in it. Pray, children, for Argentina, pray for peace in that country. Pray, children, pray for Puerto Rico; it will suffer. Pray, children, pray for Italy; terrorism will bring them pain. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son is the King of Glory and Majesty; return to Him; no one is above Him. My Son's people will be purified, not defeated. For this you must be strong in your faith and be one. My Son's people will be supported, they will not face moments of greater tribulation alone. Pray, beloved children, that God's Will be done. God's mercy will send the one who will protect His people. Pray that these Divine intentions will not be disturbed by human will. Do not be afraid, children, do not be afraid.... I remain the Advocate of all humanity before my Divine Son. My maternal love blesses you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 18 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my suffering people, I walk beside each of my children who go like sheep to the slaughter.... at the beginning of this time of Lent, my faithful will endure even more, sharing beside me my pain because of the haters.... my pain because of the rebels.... my pain because of those who do not love me.... and my pain because of those who, knowing me, do not heed my calls and despise me.... my people, my faithful people suffer and endure persecution. It is spreading throughout the world, but my children must keep faith in my protection. You, faithful to my will, sit at my table, by my side, do not be afraid to lose your body, do not be afraid to lose your life.... be afraid to offend me and lose eternal Salvation. Where is the brotherhood of my Church? I do not hear the call to pray in the brotherhood of all countries. I do not hear the call for a world day of prayer.... When the people rebuke, I respond. Do not be indifferent to the persecution of your neighbors, for it will spread and I will hear one cry. I do not hear of a day of fasting to minimize violence against My people. I do not listen to the prayer vigil, asking to minimize the killing of my innocent children. Where is my Church that cannot rally my people so that I can listen to them? My children, my people, I, your bereaved Christ, call you this Friday for a world day of prayer to my House, for all who are suffering persecution at this time for following and loving me. My beloved people, suffering and afflicted, only you who remain faithful to Me, pray for your brothers and yourselves, so that at the time of trial you will not deny your faith, conviction and love for Me. My beloved people, humanity is still mostly indifferent, looking from afar at the pain of your neighbors, looking from afar at what is happening to my faithful people at this time.... open, open your eyes! Open your thinking! Do not walk in the dark, so that he who hurls himself at my people will not stop, but thirst for my blood. Do not look from afar at the suffering of your brothers.... in this holy fast, suffering will increase throughout the world. Terrorism is the product of renouncing faith in Me. You do not yet see in yourselves that the struggle of this moment is spiritual. The demons are fighting for souls in order to take my children from me, but because you are still enthralled by the mundane and do not internalize it, and do not grow spiritually, you do not perceive this struggle, which you do not see with the eyes of the flesh, but which you feel through the constant temptations to which you are subjected. On this holy day of Lent, I call on women to stop this constant temptation to which they subject men. On this holy day of Lent, I call upon a man to resist the temptation of evil, to be faithful to me and not allow his soul to be taken from me. My beloved people, you have transgressed all My Law, and in this space of mercy I call upon you to truly repent of all your sins and surrender to Me as a last chance for My Church to unite without distinction and cry out to Me. This is a spiritual battle, but war will be next. The Third World War will be the greatest scourge ever seen. And if I did not intervene in this coming war, all of mankind would disappear, but I will save my holy people and shelter them in my Heart next to my Mother, to drive out the enemy who has already made himself known among mankind, and people have not detected him. The Antichrist is rebelling against Me with signs, and My people have not seen it. My people! Wake up from this lethargy, rebel against evil, say no! To Satan. Pray, my children, for the United States, which will continue to be scourged. Pray, my children, pray for Japan, for it will suffer earth tremors, spreading contamination throughout the world. Pray, my children, for those who, having taken up hatred against my people, are already in several nations to inflict pain and death. My beloved people, how much this Jesus of yours would like to convey to you so many eternal truths that await you! But if He did, they would direct themselves toward the eternal and wondrous and reject this moment in which they live in shadow, loneliness and persecution. My children, strive for that which does not cause us pain. Remember that My Law is one, the same as yesterday, today and always. My Commandments cannot be reformed, my Commandments must be respected by my people. One is My Law, as one is My Word and one is the Scriptures. Do not break it, for that would mean that my people rise up against me. My Church will be shaken, it will be divided, but those of you, My faithful, who follow My Word, abide by My callings. I am not a God of modernism, I am a God of mercy and Justice. My beloved people, my Love is eternal. I am the Lord of all creation. Without Me, you cannot go straight. Offer prayers, offer fasting for My Church and for yourselves, so that your faith does not weaken, because cruel moments, moments of horror await you. My children, do not attach yourselves to mundane things, do not attach yourselves to worldly goods, fight against the human 'ego' that tries to lead you astray, so that you go on with the current of the world. I encourage my beloved sons to awaken my people to obey the First Commandment and pray for their neighbors who are suffering because of me. My beloved people, do not waver at this time. That's what evil wants, that's why the one who doesn't pray is completely at risk of falling prey to Satan, the one who doesn't pray can't call himself a Christian. He who follows me acts and behaves as I do. I prayed to my Father that my disciples, following my teaching, would pray and in prayer find the refuge and strength that my Holy Spirit gave them. Visit me in the sanctuary, receive me, but before you receive me, I want you to be in a state of Grace, without pretension. My people, my children, prepare to sit at my table, but before you do, prepare to be part of and witness to this crucible. Pray, my children, for Italy, pray fervently. Pray that the volcanoes will continue to awaken. My people, I abide in each of you, in moments of trial you will not lack strength. My Mother will be by your side so that you will not waver, but walk in unison as one Heart. Unite as one Heart of love, brotherhood and prayer. I will come to examine everyone's conscience before My second coming. My protection is safe; My Mother does not abandon you, and the companions of the way help you. They will save my faithful people, for I will not allow my faithful to fall prey to the infernal enemy, he will not prevail. Abide with me, I dwell in each of you, I will not leave my people at the mercy of their enemies. I bless you, my people, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived

February 21 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, beloved people of my Son and mine, I bless you all. At this moment, when the children who are faithful to my Son are painfully bearing the Cross, you must know that my Son is carrying the heaviest burden of the Cross on His shoulders, so that the Cross will not be so heavy and so painful for you. My Son joined Himself to the Cross to give Himself on it for each of you, for the redemption of the human race. Christians have identified themselves with the Cross of my Son, because they know that it is not only pain, but also joy, love, redemption, Salvation and eternal life, life abundant.... at this time I do not want children with false religiosity.... I want spiritual children who will connect with the love of my Son and my protection. It is easy to simulate religiosity when it does not flow from the depths of the soul, but to be a spiritual creature of God means effort, self-giving, commitment, courage, love, faith, sacrifice and love.... An abundance of love for one's neighbor. My Son desires the nation to live and act in accordance with His Will and obey His Commandments, because the one who obeys the Commandments perfects and purifies himself, nullifies his human self, his ego, and rises courageously above all his desires, leaving them aside to rise with the Will of God and my intercession. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, humanity is completely convulsed. To a certain extent, in a few countries people are still living in peace and tranquility, but the vast majority of the human race has plunged into convulsions, just as I announced would happen when the time approaches for the public appearance of the enemy of souls, the enemy of true Christians, the antichrist. Children, when you separate yourselves from the Will of my Son, when you reject my Son, when you do not understand Him, when you push Him aside, when you forget Him, when you feel that you are gods capable of giving and taking life, you allow Satan to enter, to take possession of your reasoning, to fog it, to take possession of your intelligence so that man uses it in an evil way, to take possession of your thinking, to control it and fill it with thoughts contrary to the Divine Will. This is why terrorism has caused such a stir around the world at the moment. Humanity needs a lot of prayer! At this time, those who are called to a specific mission, those who belong to prayer groups in the Church of My Son or in the community, must be one through prayer to grow stronger and allow the Divine Spirit to guide you on the right path! No human creature will be a true Christian without prayer, without proximity to my Son, without adoration of my Son and without recognizing Him. The only one who is worthy of adoration and imitation is my Son. You know that false prophets will arise who will call themselves 'Christ'. Be careful! Likewise, there will arise rulers of great nations who will focus on warfare until they bring humanity to the Third World War. Pray, my children, pray for Italy. Pray, my children, for what I announced would soon happen. My Son's Church will tremble from its foundations. It will be divided and purified. My Son's Church will be crucified again. Again, those who do not love my Son will crucify my Son's Church, sowing chaos and terror. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, wake up! Stop denying the reality in which you are living at this moment! Open your spiritual eyes, and through them allow the eyes of the flesh to bring correct information to this dormant intelligence, to this reasoning that you have given into the hands of Satan, so that you now understand how dangerous this moment in which humanity finds itself. The response to my Son's call to prayer throughout the world has been entirely positive. My Son has been anointed with the prayers of so many lovers, so many souls in love with Him! This is just the beginning. All my Son's people must bend their knees, because Satan is attacking my children hard. My beloved ones, pray for Russia, it will make humanity tremble. My children, do not let pass by anyone who refuses to vow to take the word of my Son, because by refusing to recognize my Son as true God, the enemy will facilitate all the way to make a good impression before the world, while behind his back he will prepare a great attack. My children of my Immaculate Heart, every moment has ceased to be a moment. They are already talking about peace, and here war is near. My children, I am reaching out to you to intercede for each of you. My Son knows absolutely all of you. You are His children and He loves you. He loves even those who do not love Him and do not recognize Him as their God. But you - the faithful who recognize and love my Son - must bend your knees and ask for help from the saints, ask for help from your guardians and your partners on the way. You are not alone on this earth. Open your Heart and your spiritual senses, approach my Son, adore Him, adore Him in the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar, receive Him properly prepared, otherwise don't do it. My Son is the King of kings. When the enemy publicly unleashes all his power against those who are faithful to my Son, I will come with your partners of the way, with all thrones, powers and dominions, I will come to save the people of my Son. Before this happens, there will be other events that I have already announced. Gradually, my Son's people will go through purification, but you must remain together, loving one another as one husband. Those who suffer from disputes, reconcile yourselves, so that Satan will not destroy what my Son has built because of your lack of unity. Love one another as brothers, all of you walking the same path, to meet my Son, to meet this Mother. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be obedient so that you will be protected, but remember that this will not exempt you from purification, from tribulation. Dive deep, get to know my Son, get to know me. I have revealed myself to so many human creatures, and there are so few who, in full freedom serving my Son, faithfully transmit the calls of Heaven. Whoever speaks the truth will be persecuted, just as my Son was persecuted, but whoever loves my Son must not fear. My children, nature is rebelling against people who do not act in accordance with God's Will, and large coastal areas of several countries are being hit. Pray for Chile; pray for San Francisco. Pray that the United States will continue to suffer from nature. Pray. One country and another will suffer in South America. Brazil will tremble. My children, wake up! All of creation is speaking to you! Wake up, children! Be prepared! My Son is coming for His people, in Glory, Power and Majesty. He is coming for His children. The earth will tremble, the waters will move, the Heavens will open, and your companions on the road will announce to all creation that the King of Glory and Majesty is coming for His children. All nature will pay homage and honor to the King, and those who did not believe will tremble before such Power and Majesty. Repent, children, so that tribulation will not cause you to fall into the hands of evil. Those who remain faithful to my Son will always have the help they need. When you suffer hunger, nature will give you food, when you feel thirsty, nature will quench your thirst, because the one who fulfills the Will of my Son is recognized by all creation, which lives to fulfill the purpose for which it was created. You are not alone, children. He who is faithful is a light in the darkness, a light that can be seen from on high and is infallible. He who is faithful is incense constantly giving glory to my Son, spreading its fragrance before the throne of my Son. The price of the one who is faithful is infinite. My children, do not fall short. My mantle covers you, my mantle will cover you. If necessary, My mantle will set before you, so that evil will not look at you or touch you. Keep your faith and trust in my Son and in this Mother; we will not abandon the faithful people of my Son, not even for a moment. You, my children, come to my Immaculate Heart; it is the Ark of Salvation for all. Come into my Immaculate Heart, into this Ark of Salvation, and take refuge in my Heart. Beloved children, I bless each one of you. I love you and, as your Mother, my outstretched hand is before each of you to allow me to receive you into my Ark of Salvation. May my maternal blessing be a comforting balm of love and faith for each of you in these moments of confusion. I bless you. I am the sweet and tender Mother, the one who does not give up, the one who does not neglect her children. I love you. My blessing in each of you is an exact help. My Love be in you. I bless you, keep the faith. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 23 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, standing beneath the Cross, I received from my Son all mankind, without distinction. They are all my children and I love everyone. I come to each of them like a homing pigeon with a message of love. It is up to man to decide whether he loves me or not. And here, from Tepeyac, I once again extend my mantle over all humanity; I encourage you to resume the path of conversion. As the first disciple of my Son, I come and extend my mantle over all faithful disciples at this time, so that with renewed faith and by becoming more spiritual, each of them may voluntarily choose to take up his Cross and follow the path that my Son has set for each and all of his children. My Son loves everyone equally and I love everyone equally. I am waiting for everyone with my Heart open. Beloved children, be humble and simple, it is not you who tell my Son when to explain his word and when not to. Enough of humanity's distracted way of wandering! This generation severely offends my Son and wounds my Heart. Your brothers are suffering in the name of my Son, and those who are here before me at this moment are looking at me, living in apparent peace around them, while men, women and children - just like you - are suffering because of their faith in the word of my Son and because they love Him more than their own lives. I see so many of my children, even those in front of me, with empty hearts, not even thinking for a moment about those who are supposed to take the Cross of my Son and on it affirm the Will of the Father. So much despair in people! So much pain approaching humanity in general! So much lack of conscience! You are one step away from unleashing war because of human vanity and excessive desire for power. So many politicians and so many experts have warned of war! And you listen to them, but not to me; I foretold the beginning of this great tribulation for humanity and the possibility of nuclear destruction at the hands of so many countries at this moment...'. Luz de Maria: 'our Mother allows me to see how a small atomic bomb is dropped on the earth and a whirlwind is created, which in turn forms like a vortex with great speed, but almost imperceptibly; a fireball appears and forms a mushroom that rises up into the atmosphere. Everything is covered by the wave of expansion of the bomb; then silence. I see a great number of human beings drop dead instantly, others have serious lesions such as severe burns; I see people struggling with the heat, which - along with other causes - kills many human beings. I see that communication systems are useless. Fires are spreading to many areas. Our Mother goes on to say that nuclear energy is the biggest threat to this generation. Man can't control himself, and atomic energy is in the hands of people. You were expecting the development of communism as a sign, and in the meantime there are so many communist countries right now, and people are not even aware of it! But the rulers with communist ideas are turning innocent people into followers of this great scourge. Children, don't wait any longer. When the moon turns the color of blood again, kneel down, for you will be one step away from the great lament of this generation. From an unimaginably small country has emerged the one that will direct and manipulate the great powers. This is how evil works, in secrecy so as not to be discovered, in what is small so as not to seem a threat, in what is unimaginable so as not to give time to learn a lesson. My children, I called you so much, and you did not obey! I have sought you so much, and you have rejected me! I speak so much to you, and you ignore my words! Pray, my children, pray for Colombia. It will be greatly shaken. Innocent blood has been shed in this nation. Pray, my children, pray for Japan. Right now it is a silent scourge that is slowly sweeping across humanity. Japan will tremble once again, and what man has sown there will slowly spread and contaminate a great part of the oceans. My beloved children, pray for Venezuela. This beloved nation will be cleansed, and the blood of My children will be shed. My beloved children, my beloved children, pray for Argentina, she will suffer because of man himself. My children, do not ignore my calls to prayer. You must pray to strengthen your faith, and in prayer you will find solace in the face of adversity and the great tribulations that will soon come. The weather will scourge the whole earth; where the sun was, it will now be cold, and where it was cold, it will be warm. My children, close your eyes, bask in inner silence, and all together in the one and only Heart, as brothers and children of the same Father, implore my Son that His Kingdom be re-established on this earth. With a contrite and humble heart, wait to be examined. Let everyone walk, looking to Heaven, my Son will not leave His people alone. He is preparing an envoy for him to encourage mankind and help those who are about to fall prey to the clutches of evil, deceived by the main tentacle that will show the face of the deceiver. He will usurp the throne of my Son on earth. As brothers, all children of the same Father and this Mother, continually raise your prayers. Be duly prepared to receive the Body and Blood of my Son. Be obedient to the Commandments. Toward humanity I extend my mantle and welcome all who come to me and intercede for all before my Son. Receive my maternal blessing. The beating of my Heart out of love for each of you extends to all humanity. I bless you, receive My peace and accept My maternal blessing. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 26 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, you walk in sorrow under the heat of your oppressors! Time and again my people are oppressed...the tentacles of evil have grown, supporting each other. This era of humanity is fostered by man's unconsciousness. This unconsciousness comes from man's separation from his God, and by man remaining far from his God, he has knocked mankind down toward the abyss, and when I speak of the abyss, you imagine a place you fall into with no way to get out of it. But the abyss I'm talking about is the abyss of arrogance, pride, lust, criticism, anger and everything that offends me greatly, such as the rejection of my most holy Mother. In doing so, humanity completely opens itself up to let evil take over its inner spiritual senses. The soul is oppressed and put 'in chains', without the freedom to decide, and so man falls prey to the demons that are all over the earth at the moment and have possessed a large number of my children and are forcing them to act against their brothers; and this scourging will not stop anytime soon. There are interests that my Church as a mystical body ignores, interests of nations that encourage rage in subversive groups. You, my people, do not look upon the pain of strangers as distant from you, for it will spread like a plague and in order to achieve worldwide deconcentration it will reach even small countries. My dear children, my people, I am addressing you as your Father and as your brother, warning you in every way. And I know that at least one of my children will ask: 'How is it that Christ speaks of politics?' But I am not warning you about politics as such, I am warning you about the effects of politics on you as human beings. And one of those effects is the sowing of terror among my children, especially Christians - and I'm not just talking about my Church, I'm not just talking about my people, Catholics; I'm talking about my people, all who live, obey and follow my Father's will. Remember: 'Not everyone who says to me: Lord, Lord,' will enter the Kingdom of Heaven, but only he who' lives, obeys and follows the will of my Father. I see corruption not only outside my Church, but, painfully enough, I see it even among the hierarchy of my Church. I urge you to pray, my people, pray, because my Church will be shaken and schism is imminent. Therefore, you are called to keep the faith and to deepen it, so that you may come to know Me, so that you may come to know not only My Mercy, but also immediately My Justice, which I have held back for several years, but I cannot wait any longer.... if I did not act, all of humanity would perish. There are so many ways by which man can exterminate all life on the planet.... but in due time I will intervene with my legions, nevertheless this intervention will not take place before I come to examine the consciences of people. The great oppressor of humanity rises silently and at the same time makes his presence known. Watch carefully, watch the movements of politicians, from them is born a great flogging for my people. My children, my beloved people, abide and obey. Do not think that I do not know your thoughts, do not think that I do not know the one who puts his trust in me, or who does not trust my word at this time. But indeed, I must make it clear that great events are approaching you, and that the nations, from the greatest to the smallest, will suffer in one way or another, not because I do not love you, but because as a last means I am using everything created by my Father to draw you to obedience before the fulfillment of the Warning. My children, treasure every word I address to you. Do not be troubled by those who criticize Me or criticize My Mother. Do not get into disputes with those who deny this My word. Go forward, do not look at those who try to find darkness in the light, for you will be even more confused. You, my children, do not lash out like those who lash out like wolves at my word. You, my children, who treasure and obey my word, be proclaimers of my word, which is a blessing, for at this time he who is in the shadows will find more darkness, and he who is in the light will find more light. My children, the devil and his ilk are coming for their spoils. Do not be part of the spoils. Listen to My calls and strive to be more spiritual creatures of Mine. There is so much falsehood on earth! I see so many creatures who spend hours on their knees before me, while their minds and thoughts wander from north to south and from east to west.... Be those who worship me in spirit and truth, those creatures who practice and constantly follow my Gospel and my Commandments. Be those creatures who persevere with unshakeable faith at all times. Do not fear those who persecute you; fear offending Me, disobeying Me and rejecting My Word and the Word of My Mother; all who are with Me will find Me, and those who distance themselves from Me will meet the enemy. Again and again I suffer My painful Passion. It has not passed and it has not ended, My painful Passion is in the present state in the suffering of each of those creatures who are tortured because of My Name and because of faith in Me. My suffering is with all those who are brutally tortured because of my Name. Beloved children, the barbarism that has come is from this generation; it brings my Second Coming closer, forcing me to return hastily before all - even the righteous - are executed. My creatures, your brothers, my angelic executors, are preparing to come to earth and save my people.... Woe to those who mock my word! Woe to those who say, 'we were warned about this for too many years and nothing happened, and now it will be the same!' Woe to the creatures who do not even believe what they see before their eyes! They will be those who will be in a state of despair, anguish and during the Great Tribulation, they will be those who will give their lives into the hands of the evil oppressor of my people. They will be those who, in despair, will hand over my children to evil, they will be those who, when they find themselves in the wilderness, will die by their own hand. But you, my children, you who believe.... you who lift up my mystical body.... you who evangelize your brothers.... you who bear witness to my Love.... you who say to Me: 'yes! I believe!' ... you ... you are my disciples of the end times and I continue to protect you, and my beloved Saint Michael the Archangel keeps his legions to guard you. Do not be afraid, he who fears separates himself from the Divine Protection of my House. Wait, my children, blessings come from my House to my faithful people, and among my faithful people is he who believes and considers himself part of my people. To all who listen to my word, to those who read this word of mine, I urge you not to break down and at the same time not to get into disputes, because the fool will perish being a fool, and the wise will grow completely filled with my light. My children, I encourage you to pray for my beloved people in Venezuela. They will suffer even more. I encourage you to pray for France, the pain will reach it. I encourage you to pray, my beloved ones, for China, for they will endure pain and terror. My beloved children, the earth will tremble where it has never trembled before and my children will grieve over it. The sun will start a new flare, of great intensity, which will put humanity in great suffering. Do not forget that the earth is exhausted and still lamenting that it is still bathed in so much innocent blood. You, my people, remedy this not only with prayers, but also with deeds, helping the needy, supporting the hungry, giving drink to the thirsty. It is not only with prayer that you can reach me, it is not only with prayer that you do the will of my Father, but by loving one another as brothers, and at the same time being, each of you, a pillar on which a brother rests. At Fatima, my Mother spoke to all mankind, and what you do not know is already being revealed. Learn to see the signs, and you will discover what was hidden from you. My children, there is pain and anguish hovering over all mankind. He who remains faithful will bend his knees in these moments, but he who does not love me, who does not listen to my word and denies my presence in man, he will say: 'Woe is me! I have not obeyed my Lord and now I cannot ask my Lord for mercy or clemency. My children, my people, be assured that everything that has been created for man will work for the benefit of my faithful people; and my people are not just some chosen ones, my people are all human creatures, it's just that very many human creatures have chosen not to be faithful to me and they can't blame me for that. Understand that these calls are not calls from my most beloved and faithful instrument, the prophet of these times, these calls come from my House and the instrument is the transmitter and you are the receivers. So don't make my beloved daughter carry a greater burden, because she is doing what I ask her to do and transmitting what I want people to know at this time. I am sending you my Blessing and may my Father's Blessing be in you, and at this moment, may my precious blood be placed around each of you as a circle of infinite protection for the devils to flee when they look at you, because I, your God, remain with my people. May it be so, so it is, and so it shall be for ever and ever. Amen. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 03 2015 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I am the King of love and mercy and I am the Righteous Judge. My children love Me without being truly and genuinely aware of the extent to which man is giving Me away his life. They love Me humanly at a time when this generation has penetrated My Will very little or not at all. Many men enter the sacraments as a fulfillment of family or social requirements, rather than to continue the process of drawing closer to me and to my Mother. The commandments that my Father established were given to Moses to be perpetuated and observed until the end times. Blessings are the hallmark of all my children who suffer for my cause. All people are my children, but not all are true Christians.... not all allow their conscience to warn them of their mistakes.... not all deny themselves what is not beneficial to the soul.... not all are happy to take the last place.... ... not everyone accepts crucible moments with 'thank you' .... some of my children doubt my Word and do not obey what I demand for the good of themselves or their families .... not everyone calls me Father ... not all accept me with dignity and are aware of it ... not all turn to My Mother. Beloved children, I am Mercy. Therefore, I desire that all My children be saved and be joyful with Me in My House. Not everyone understands My Mercy and confuses it with the abuse of free will and plunges into evil. I cannot reward those who subordinate their lives to constant sinning against their brothers and against all that was created for you. This generation offends me constantly, even more than Sodom and Gomorrah. The devil with all his devilish powers has mastered a great number of souls in order to manipulate them according to his own liking. When man finds that he is spiritually weak and lives in a superficial and almost zero relationship with Me, he succumbs to Satan's pressure and falls prey to his claws, which devour human beings, My children, to make their feelings the cause of constant pain. In this moment of modernism, man wears women's clothes as a great fashion, but this is moral decadence. Beloved children, I am sending messengers to call my people to reflection, and I will do the same before the appearance of the antichrist to avoid confusion. During the time of the Great Tribulation, my faithful will be persecuted, as will my priests who do my will; they must nurture my sheepfold so that they do not depart from faith, hope and love. He who is my son is Love. He who is my son is Truth. He who is my son participates in the goods of my House; he takes them knowing that each of them comes from my Heart and remains in it. My Church will suffer from contempt and ignorance, for denying and transgressing My Law, for not looking at the signs of the times, for turning the earth into a treasury of great lies.... I could send a great miracle worker to the earth so that everyone would return to the right path, change the wrong notions they have acquired, and stop feeling me as a distant God who does not see the constant sins with which his people offend him.... I am Mercy, and out of mercy I straighten crooked trees, although it hurts me more than it hurts you. Beloved children, my Church, my mystical body, will be divided, and this division will cause the schism that is talked about so much throughout Christianity. Whoever wants to change what cannot be changed, whoever wants to adapt it to the moments of each generation, is not a Christian. My Word is one, my Law is one.... My beloved, the God of this generation, on which man has built his life, will prove to have no power, but only dominion over the human ego. The world economy first trembles and then collapses. You who are my children and revere me, do not forget that he who proclaims himself a savior and demands obedience from you, but does not call for prayer or repentance..., he who proclaims my word without stating how small he is in relation to me, and who says that you must not forsake him..., he does not proclaim the truth. I am the King of kings and Lord of lords, the Alpha and Omega. You do not need me, children, I am needed by you, the only one worthy of all glory and praise. Wake up! The Antichrist is rising in a silent clamor, so that you may not see him as such. Children, pray for the volcanoes, they will continue to give sorrow to man. Children, pray for Honduras, it will suffer. Children, pray for Australia. Terrorism, like the plague, will strike several countries with fury. The bear will wake up at dawn and surprise humanity. Beloved, sick and hungry, there is little a man can do to work, and little he can do to grow in spirit.... Do not trust in your own strength, trust in me and my Mother. Do not be confused in the face of any trial; thank my House for it. Know Me, and you will be copies of my Love and my obedience to my Father. Beloved ones, the plague continues to spread; humanity will be shaken. Created by man himself, the pestilence will cause havoc; do not forget what my Mother pointed out. Children, be assured that I move together with those who abide by my word and reciprocate for all that I give them, so that they can move on. Be assured that I do not abandon those who offend me, but wait for them, as the Father waits for the Son who has left home. When the economy collapses, governments go to war to fill their coffers. However, this is not my will, and I will not allow them to destroy the land. Your brothers on the road will come to save you, my children, do not be afraid. I remain with you, especially in those moments when man's madness will lead him to use nuclear energy, the great scourge of my children. None of my children are abandoned, none of my children are rejected by me. My blessing be with you at every moment. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 05 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, all are my children.... It is up to the will of each one to accept me as Mother or not. I hold my Heart before each of you, so that you may recognize my Son by the beating of my Heart. Beloved ones, this moment is a decisive one for mankind; the enemy of man has thrust himself upon my children and has put into the human Heart the desire to move God's Law into a state of sin and then disobedience, to live and act not in accordance with God's Will. In every era, I proclaimed that mankind must convert, and I - under different titles - interceded for mankind, from Pilar in Spain to Guadalupe in Mexico; from Buen Suceso in Quito to Lavang in Vietnam; and so on, in all peoples and nations I called for conversion, for praying the Holy Rosary, for observing the Commandments. From one revelation to the next - with ever-increasing detail - I foretold with my instruments what was coming for mankind, stating clearly and in detail, leaving no room for confusion or doubt, the nearness of what I foretold for mankind. Through the mysteries given to my instruments, I led the people of my Son to wait patiently, in accordance with the nearness of the prophecies, anticipating and foretelling the suffering that will have to befall my children if they do not change their ways, lest they disregard the moment when perversity will prevail over mankind, and mankind will be very close to the fulfillment of all my prophecies. At this moment, souls are easily lost.... Commandments are diminished.... Sacraments are considered obsolete.... Blessings are forgotten.... Mass is considered one more ritual.... the consecration of my Son's body and soul is not considered a miracle, but a scene within a ritual.... my Son is rejected, and I have been removed from people and from homes. Everyone carries an inner sphere that leans toward the good, but since man is separated from my Son, the choice of good or evil is up to each individual. I call you to conversion, and I am not heard, my Son suffers when he sees conversion slipping like water through your fingers, human ignorance is an obstacle that hinders man's encounter with God and distances him from his Creator, allowing man to stray from divine teachings and open himself up to misinterpreted freedom. Human intelligence has been replaced by man's indoctrination of man through ignorance. Human thinking is based on the oppression of the weakest, and this thinking causes man to distance himself from God and diminish God's gifts that the Father has bestowed upon man. My children's ability to think, reason and intelligence have been replaced by one single course of action that nullifies the voice of conscience, so that man lives as he wishes, according to the demands of the world. Beloved children, it is by not moving away from my Son that you will have eternal life.... it is by restraining the human will that man will find an earlier joy - as well as one that he will enjoy eternally - already here on earth. Beloved children, man's sins grow without limit, and debauchery oppresses the soul and offends my Son. As the Mother of Humanity, I see the human being diminishing where low instincts reign. Beloved children, pray for Guatemala, it will suffer from the fury of nature. Pray for France, terror will come to this nation. Pray for Japan, it will be shaken anew. Children, don't be lustful for the idol of money, don't get attached to them; they will soon fall and you will regret that you were not obedient. One by one, volcanoes will surprise man. The weather will strike with force. Pray, my children, the moon will be stained with blood, as a reflection of the blood shed by those faithful to my Son, who are persecuted throughout the earth. Pray that faith will not falter. Pray for spiritual strength. Pray for hope to remain in each of you, my children. Pray for Chile, there the land will be shaken. Great powers will fight for hegemony; this will cause the greatest suffering for humanity. Do not sign peace pacts, because then evil will take over the world. You will be protected in my bosom as in a casket where the most precious treasure is kept. Pray that you will not be rejected and plunged into evil. A man who does not pray is an empty vessel, living with little idea of what it means to be close to my Son. Pray, cling to my Son, do not distance yourselves from Him, and ask fervently that protection for my children come to the Son. Receive my Son in the Eucharist, consecrate yourselves to my Immaculate Heart, consecrate your homes to the Heart of my Son and to my Heart. The power of evil is limited, my Son will not allow evil to prevail. Do not be afraid, you have been saved by the precious blood of the Divine Lamb. Persevere... Let my blessing be a light in each of you in the hours of darkness. Evil will not prevail. I bless you; my mantle covers and protects you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 09 2015 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of my people, you are my children, I love each of you.... The actions and deeds of each of you permeate My Cross.... what is good makes it lighter, and evil actions make it heavier. You are in the midst of a storm shaken by great storms of anger, hatred and massive disobedience, born of the way in which My children are moving away from My Love and My Truth, and in which My children are constantly rejecting My Holy Spirit. Children, these storms are the result of you not wanting to remain friends with your God. My beloved people, suffering and pained at this time, I call upon you to live my pain for all mankind. I suffer so much when I feel that my children do not fully observe the essence of the First Commandment! This causes my Heart great pain, and my side constantly bleeds because of those of my human creatures who are members of my Church and suffer great cruelties at the hands of some of my children .... Beloved, when man forgets Me, he presents himself as a weak being, and his reaction is to want to be greater and more powerful than Me. This is when the devil, the enemy of the soul, enters man with his satanism, causing man to commit serious offenses against the Fifth Commandment. This reveals a clear rebellion against compliance with the First Commandment. Those who do not suffer persecution quietly watch the shocking scenes of cruel massacres. Those who do not suffer do not need comfort or prayer from so many souls who love me. One of the results of evil in human creation is selfishness, and it stands out at this time. Therefore, the misfortune of those who suffer is lonely, because those who do not suffer look on from afar at the suffering of other people. The rulers of the great nations of the world exert great influence in making agreements that will later be broken in silence and mutual betrayal. These rulers have earthly power given to them by the people themselves, people whom they later lead to death like sheep to a cliff. Because of their different ideologies, Masonic, Communist and atheist leaders watch with satisfaction as they hurt my people and plot against those who are mine. As the Father of Love, Mercy and Justice, I have announced the events that have occurred - and will continue to occur - in the midst of humanity, so that you will repent and change your scandalous ways that lead to perdition. I called on my people to repent, and they mock my faithful instruments, my word and the word of my Mother.... I have foretold imminent events, and in return I receive insults, rejection and constant attacks on those who, in obedience to my Will, warn you. I, however, will continue to encourage you through My Prophet without discouragement. Until the last moment, my Word will reach you, in the midst of disobedience, so that you will understand that disobedience is the path to the perdition of the soul. Everything that My Mother revealed was so that man would act differently and approach Me, adore Me, accept Me, embrace My Mother, lovingly pray the Holy Rosary and kneel before My Real Presence in the Eucharist. However, in the face of every miracle of love on the altar, I am looked upon with contempt in the face of the unbelief of my own people, who come to receive me without believing and loving me. Sometimes I am consecrated by those dedicated to my service who do not believe in my real and true presence in the Blessed Sacrament. The words of consecration are the transubstantiation of my Body and Blood, and some treat me with contempt, perfidiously, and then hand me over to some of my children to carry me off to their brothers, while those who are consecrated to me look at me from a place of honor and think of insignificant things. My people, my passion is constantly alive in your midst, and I am wounded and crowned with thorns. The pain in my shoulder is deeper and hurts my bone harder, which seems as if it is about to break. The weight of all that You have put on my Cross is terrible. My shoulder supports the disobedience of my Church and part of my hierarchy. Remember that My Law is one, it is the same as yesterday, it is the same at this moment and the same in the future. Beloved ones, do not sleep. I am approaching, I am coming soon, do not sleep, because the enemy is smarter and more cunning than you, and his great envoy stands before the eyes of mankind and with great charisma turns the unwary into his devotees. Mankind, due to lack of knowledge and because of disbelief in my Mother's revelations, has failed to see that the antichrist occupies a high political position and from there he will carry out the greatest persecution against my children. Since my Mother's request at Fatima was not fulfilled, the consequences of this disobedience will be great suffering for my children. When humanity awakens, it will regret that it did not insist on carrying out this request, and it will regret it even in its bowels. Great events and great calamities are approaching that will make my Church tremble. Beloved children, I call upon you to pray fervently for Russia. I call on you to pray for France, which will suffer at the hands of terrorists. I urge you to pray for Uruguay, which will suffer at the hands of man. Be attentive, look to the heights and do not be distracted by looking at what is earthly; look to the heights, notice the signals and signs, do not disregard any sign or signal. My people, be attentive before the great plague that man has created once again mortally wounds mankind. Man will use what man has created, nuclear energy. My beloved people, take refuge in the Heart of My Mother; I have given My people to Her. Take the hand of my Mother, take the Holy Rosary on which my Cross hangs. Do not be afraid to carry my Cross with love and faith, do not be afraid to lose your soul. My children, My people, I come for you, for My disciples, for My apostles of the end times, I come for those who love Me. Do not fear fearfully, for my people are not alone, and the forces of evil will not prevail over my people, will not defeat this King of Heaven and Earth. I created everything that exists, my people are protected. I bless you and at the same time ask you to awaken. For each of you my Love will be a balm in moments of sorrow. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 11 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. Just as the sun shines at its zenith in the fullness of noon, so the Spirit of God will shine upon those creatures who with faith and hope place themselves in the hands of my Divine Son. Do not hesitate, fight constantly for your conversion, pray that the Mercy of my Son may be new life in you. Beloved children, in obedience to the Divine Will, I come to you as a Woman clothed with the sun to shed light on the way, for if you do not pay attention in these moments, it will be difficult for you to do so in the moments to come, when the deceiver of souls will stand before mankind and because of his deceptions you will not be able to discern because you have lived in disobedience, breaking the Commandments of my Son. Children of my Immaculate Heart, I love each one of you, you are all my children, I received you all at the Cross. My beloved ones, this generation greatly offends my Son and keeps Him in constant pain. His torment is permanent; you are hurting Him deeply. Wake up, my children! Wake up before darkness clouds your thinking and hardens the hearts of the people! My dear children, with great eloquence the antichrist presented himself before mankind, and mankind did not recognize him. This spawn of evil will lead this generation to a great battle, not only physically, but also spiritually. My children, wake up! Evening is falling, and if you do not convert now, in these moments when you can see the Divine Light, later it will be too late. Those who seek the light in the darkness will not find it; those who try to seek the Divine Light in the darkness will be more confused when they do not find it. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, these moments are the ones I have been foreshadowing all along in my various revelations. You are now in the final moment when everything I have foretold will be fulfilled. At this moment, the disobedience of man, the Mother of all misfortunes, continues to increase and is part of the cause of the suffering of this generation. Children I love, but not because I love you, I do not stop calling you the truth of my word, disobedient children! You are heading for the crucible.... My Son's Church will be severely shaken, purified, and during this purification all my children will suffer for their evil. They must go through this crucible in order to come out triumphant after the last great trial. Faith must remain in each of you, she is the great immovable column. Children, you must pray, you must be praying souls who live and act according to the Will of my Son, guided by the Holy Spirit, so that you do not fall in trials and do not fall, do not rise, and when you stumble and fall, the strength of your love for my Son and for this Mother will give you the blessing to get up again and continue your journey. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, without knowing it, the great and powerful powers of the world are advancing, encircling the small nations, overpowering them with communism because of the ignorance of my children; my children who have not chosen to delve into knowledge so that the Holy Spirit may shed light on intelligence, thought and reason. Freemasonry is a devastating weapon for all those who do not delve into the life of my Son and do not fully adhere to His Word. The ignorant person is deceived by everything, everything surprises him and everything is a novelty. Therefore, during my revelations, I asked you to abide in the Word of my Son and fully observe the Commandments, not allowing innovations and novelties, to live the sacraments and participate in the blessings in daily life. The Illuminati have taken possession of some of my children. My beloved ones, new trends and modern ideologies are emerging. Do not look for my Son in what is extraordinary or fanciful; you must realize that my Son works quietly, transforming hearts. Be aware that Satan works for show, for in this way he impresses those who are careless. Beloved people of my Son, do not underestimate the interpretation of God's Word in these calls and in dangerous moments of suffering and abandonment; do not be indifferent to the suffering of others. The great scourge of terrorism will continue to spread over all of humanity, from country to country, wreaking havoc. Do not lose faith, stand firm in prayer, receive my Son in the Holy Eucharist and fulfill His Divine Will. Do not seek the first places, love the last. Beloved children, I am here before you. I come to protect you with my heavenly mantle.... I come to light your path, so that you do not get lost.... I come to guide you to eternal life.... I come by the Will of God to lead this generation to the final triumph, after this generation has been examined by my Son and each by himself. Do not look at the war from afar; the drums can no longer be heard. The weapons with which the superpowers will begin this great suffering of mankind can be heard at this moment, but you - my Marian army, children of my Immaculate Heart - pray constantly, be a prayer, surrender yourselves to my Son, look through the eyes of my Son, hear through my Son, speak through my Son. Let your hands be a blessing, as my Son's hands are a blessing, and let your feet follow my Son's footsteps steadfastly. This is a prayer to live, act and follow God's Will. I especially call on groups in the church of my Son. I don't want quarrels, I don't want rivalry, I want what my Son commands, unity and love, so that you may be strong. The enemy divides, but my Son unites. Do not try to be leaders, try to be servants, because he who serves can rise, and he who leads can fall. It is necessary that you constantly invite my Son to stimulate in you the gift of prayer. The Divine Spirit awaits the call of His children. My children, pray for Colombia. She will suffer, many creatures will lose their lives on her soil. My beloved ones, I encourage you to pray for the country of the north. After gaining power over the nations, it will be betrayed and abandoned, it will be rejected by those who called themselves its allies. Beloved children, I ask you to pray for Venezuela; blood will flow in this land I love. Prayer has power when it flows from the heart, when you surrender to the guidance of the Holy Spirit. In this way, the power of prayer is a protective wall around the nations I invite you to protect. My beloved ones, the plague is near, still advancing over humanity. Moment by moment, the companies responsible for spreading this pestilence are flying over countries, poisoning the air you breathe, and thus poisoning the organisms of human creatures. My children, you are living in such moments as never before, do not resist conversion, do not make excuses for not converting and obeying. My Son warns you, and because He respects the free will of man, He waits for the call, just as I wait for you to take My hand. I will not abandon you for a moment, because I want to save all my children and bring them to eternal life. My beloved ones, so much pain you will have to suffer! How much more persecution will befall Christians! And these, the people of my Son are strong, they are not easily defeated, for they are the people of the King of kings and Lord of lords, and evil knows that it will not overcome the people of my Son. I come to crush the head of the serpent. I come to present to mankind the messenger of my Son to confront and defeat the antichrist, the deceiver of the lukewarm people of my Son. Wake up, children! Wake up! Wake up! Do not remain dormant! Do not accept passivity! People of my Son must be people of action, people of prayer, people who invite their brothers and sisters to participate in the knowledge of the true faith. My beloved children, visit my Son in the sanctuary and ask for help and the sending of the Holy Spirit, so that you will know how to discern and not be deceived. I bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 14 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, beloved children, my maternal Heart constantly invites you to abide in the Will of God. Every human being who dedicates his or her life to living in the Will of God is a triumph for the home of my Son, Heaven rejoices and pours out all blessings for that soul and extends them to other needy souls. Endowed with Divine Love and together with my myriads of my heavenly legions - obedient to my Son's call to guard His people - I call upon you to take my hands so that you will not perish in this decisive moment, decisive for the salvation of souls. The enemy of souls prowls around every human creature, seeking those who are lukewarm in order to steal their thoughts, seeking those whose minds he can muddle with the sins that most insult my Son, so that the human Heart will harden like a rock and not allow any act that would make my worshippers rise to eternal life. The enemy desires enmity between man and his Creator. It is this generation - and no other - that will engage in a struggle with God the Father such as has never been seen before in human history. In My Heart there remains a place for each of My children, because I am the Ark of Salvation. It is man's free will that chooses: to come to My Heart and be saved, or to persist in the midst of evil that leads to perdition. The human will is a blessing to My children when it does not allow the human self to control it. A soul dominated by the human will is consumed by vices and passions, and through its will it constantly increases its 'ego' in order to be admired. It is not driven by good, but by evil; it lives on resentment and the desire for revenge, and this darkens the soul. Beloved children, at this moment Satan's work is to keep sins active in man until they become a bad habit, a vice, a bad conduct, so that people follow the sad end of other human creatures who have given themselves over to sin and thus lose their souls in eternal fire. Children, I come to call you to take possession of the goods of God that my Son has destined for you.... I come to call you to take possession of the inheritance that my Son bequeathed to you from His Cross. Among these goods He offers you His mercy and this Mother to guide you and intercede for each of you. Beloved children, I cannot address my own children without warning them that they are now in a moment when the evil one is devouring souls in order to take them to perdition and to make offenses against my Son still greater, separating human creatures from prayer, fogging the mind and blinding the intelligence so that they lose their faith. Children, at this moment, evil has penetrated with power and has succeeded in confusing the people of my Son, in order to make them continually divide the mystical body of my Son, in order to confuse all the laity and with even greater determination lead consecrated souls to perdition, in order for priests to separate themselves from true doctrine and true faith, leading the people of my Son to a life of confusion and, what is even more dangerous, despair. Children, those who love our Sacred Hearts are aware of their duty to be messengers of the urgent call to them and their brothers and sisters to remain vigilant in light of the great dangers that lie ahead; among them, the apostasy of the mystical body, which I see with great sadness in my Heart, as I see the great responsibility for this on the part of many of my favorite children. The great crisis is here - now! Over my children, and it will be the greatest persecution against the faithful people of my Son, which will spread throughout the world. My favorite children must be the defenders of the sheepfold that has been entrusted to them; they must proclaim the truth that my Son has conveyed in the Scriptures, as well as in the explanations given through these exhortations, so that His people will be saved. Prayer is despised, it is no longer part of man ... you do not feel that it is needed in your life ... prayer is not needed because the devil replaces this need in man with sin, with mundane things that become as necessary to the sinner as air. Beloved children, misfortunes happen with greater force and greater continuity, so much so that one nation will not be able to help another nation. Volcanoes are awakened, nature does not recognize a man who does not act in accordance with the Divine Will. The division will be more evident in societies, in families, in groups and between brothers because of the failure to observe the Commandments, the sacraments, to love each other as brothers, to respect each other. Man wants to impose himself on his brothers, and this leads to unrest. The only one who possesses the truth of all this is my Son. Anyone else who thinks he possesses the truth does not possess it, but lives in the delusion of the devil. Children, do not forget that a true Christian does not live out his faith alone, but with other brothers, with his neighbors. Children, humanity is suffering from a serious disease, the same one that finished Sodom and Gomorrah - depravity. Rebellion against divine commands, blasphemy, sacrilege, lying, criminal acts against the defenseless, all these are signs of evil possession of beings who live indulging in sin, disobedience and rejection of God. Children, you are free! Every Christian who lives as my Son requires is free, truly free, through daily self-improvement and the search for the common good, as signs of a pure and sincere Heart from which only good deeds and actions come. Beloved children, recognize evil, recognize it when it confronts you. At this moment, my Son is bleeding because of the hypocrisy of his people, creatures who refuse to repent, who refuse to repent, who refuse to reform, and who seek evil for their brethren, slandering, vilifying and criticizing, the poison that the devil gradually instills in the souls of human creatures until he takes possession of them. Do not go on without looking up. The signs will not stop, just as the purification of the Church will not stop. Beloved ones, I implore you, pray for Chile. The purification of this beloved land, where I presented myself and was rejected, continues. Beloved children, pray for Costa Rica, the earth will shake, dormant volcanoes will surprise. Beloved children, pray for Japan, she will cry. Pray for Argentina, she will live moments of pain. My beloved ones, the oceans will move invading the lands, washing away the sins that man has poured on the earth. The sun will dim, and my children will be surprised. Nothing in nature will ever be the same again. My beloved children, each of you must take a sincere look at yourself, so that you can fight against your human ego, which bows to evil. Listen to me! Children, do not refuse to listen to me! I want to lead you to Salvation, so that you will leave the evil path on which most of my children live. The ways of my Son are impenetrable and infinite, His Mercy is infinite for those who come to Him with a humble and contrite Heart. Do not diminish His Justice, man attracts it by his evil deeds. Be faithful to my Son, I will guide you with my maternal love .... I will sustain you as your Mother ... I will lift you up when you fall ... I will give you living water, I will feed you ... I will teach you the way of truth and drive away the devil ... I will cover you with my mantle ... People of my Son, fear only to offend Him. The faithful of my Son will never be abandoned .... you are the pupils of His eyes and this Mother loves you all without distinction. My maternal Heart is the way of light for mankind.... come to me, I intercede before my Son, for I love you. For everyone my Blessing is the light of Salvation. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 18 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I call upon you to submit to my Will and my Divine Love. Be lasting witnesses that my mystical body remains present, bringing my light to your brothers and sisters, so that total darkness does not take hold of my children. Invite your brothers to become witnesses of my Love, invite them to walk my path, which is the only one that will lead you to Salvation. The human race will find Salvation when man lives, acts and follows My Will. My people, some of those who approach you are looking for hope, the hope that the world has lost, and you must understand that those who do not live in Me do not approach humbly, but in a demanding manner. It is my people who must be patient and kind, so that your brothers and sisters will open their hearts to my Word and be determined to enter the path of conversion. Children, so much moral decadence will continue to drag down my children at this time, when the devil has invaded the earth, along with all his fallen angels, to poison even those who are consecrated to me, so that they will be lost and confuse my people! Those consecrated to me, who give their lives for my Truth, are driven out of the peoples' communities, so that they do not scorn those who are lost and do not want to hear about my Righteousness. This causes me great pain. The institution of my Church has been overrun by evil; modernism is causing sin to increase in my people. The poison of Freemasonry is causing division among those consecrated to me at decisive moments for my people, instilling in them everything that is contrary to my Will, so that the devil will take advantage of those who are mine. My Church will be purified for disobeying My Commandments and for giving souls over to evil, so that they are condemned to eternal damnation. My people, pray for your brethren, pray for those who do not believe, pray for the fools who are engaged in slandering others because they misunderstand My Love and Mercy, and deny that I apply My Justice, all because of the ignorance dragged down by their lukewarm way of life as misguided Christians. I painfully observe some children.... Those who feel competent condemn me.... Those who feel competent criticize me.... Those who feel competent are worse than the Pharisees.... Those who feel competent in My Love distill poison against My Word. Poor creatures those who judge with inconsistency! They will be judged as harshly as they judge their brothers and my Word. I don't want human creatures who judge what doesn't belong to them; I want the comfort of my children, I want reparation from my faithful children for their brothers - sinners, stubborn and ungrateful - who constantly cause me great pain. I see humanity plunged into the abyss of unbridled lust, lust that is restless and insatiable, in constant perdition, despising my and my Mother's calls to obey the snares of the devil and his ilk. My people fall when they do not repent of their sins, exalting people plagued with vices that enslave and control them, so that they despise Me and expel Me from My Kingdom. I have proclaimed and my Mother has proclaimed in several countries that man must change, man must repent to avoid greater evil, but none of us have been heard. They don't want to read about the reality they live in, because they feel comfortable surrounded by sin, which is exalted to destroy souls in the same way nuclear power exterminates humanity. Distracted by the creation of weapons to destroy each other, man has set aside the devil, who has taken advantage of this to cause something worse, vices and more vices, greater temptations - indifference, lack of love, rejection of innocence - which man will not resist and will allow himself to be seduced by them. This is why parents exterminate their own children, and brothers violently invade the lives of their brothers. Young people know about violence, but not about my Love. They assume that every evil act is good, because they have misdirected the meaning of My Mercy. Beloved children, My people, do not repent of the offenses with which you hurt Me! We have called you to repentance, and this has not happened. Evil is increasing, lack of care and lack of love prevail at this time, causing ever greater misery. My people will taste punishment.... fire will fall from heaven, desolation will engulf the souls of sinners and the souls of the non-sinners. The punishment will be felt by all, the good will not want to live at this time, and the sinners will perish. My people, communism has invaded the earth. It opposes my Church, punishes my Church, persecutes my Church, and will persecute it even more in the guise of other faiths to continue to go unnoticed until it can take over and seriously injure all of humanity. The suffering begins and progresses.... my people receive me in the Eucharist.... my people pray the Holy Rosary and fulfill my Will. My beloved ones, it pains me so much to see you in the midst of human beings who reject and insult you, just as they rejected and scourged me! But my happiness is greater when I see you resisting and not remaining in the mud, but picking yourself up with the love of my Mother and moving on, knowing that eternal life is life, life abundant. Nothing earthly can surpass the infinite joy experienced by the souls who dwell in My House. Do not give in to criticism, do not succumb to temptation, do not feel alone; my angelic legions watch over my faithful to help them. My people, pray for Japan, which will suffer greatly. My people, pray for Iraq and Syria; their laments will be carried around the world. My people, pray for Germany, pray for Norway; they will suffer. The earth is still trembling, suffering progressives do not ignore my requests.... my cries cannot go unheeded in the face of the pain my children are experiencing. My words will not pass away, they are eternal. My people, stop, sin no more! In me you find comfort. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 21 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive my blessing. I roam the whole earth, seeking souls for my Son.... I wander from Heart to Heart.... most of them repel me, but a few convert and join the apostles of the end times. My beloved ones, this moment is a penitential moment of blessing. Use it well to repent for the offenses you have constantly inflicted and continue to inflict on My Son through your actions and deeds. Children, be aware that you can no longer live in darkness. The sun's rays penetrate even where there is darkness, but if the darkness does not want to stop being darkness and open to the sunlight, the sun cannot penetrate that darkness. Children, it is the same with my Heart, I enlighten all who allow me to do so, but those who do not want to accept my maternal love.... I still love these creatures as my children, but I have to wait until they accept me to fill them with love for my Son. I am the mother of the Word, therefore I am the mother of all my Son's children. Throughout the history of this generation, my Son has sent me to warn you, not to frighten you. And yet you continue to deny my warnings, continue to deny my presence in the midst of this generation. Do you feel unworthy that the Mother of your Lord should come to call upon you? Children, you are all the same to me, I love you all and embrace you all. Children, make good use of this moment of repentance. Dive into your inner self and humbly ask my Son to forgive you. This moment is most precious for those who wish to be saved. My Son has opened His Infinite Mercy in a very special way to embrace those who want to return to Him, to embrace those who have the slightest desire to seek Him. But you must want this, otherwise, out of respect for your human free will, my Son remains in waiting. I am a messenger of love, a pilgrim of love, and I find so many doors closed, so many creatures so immersed in the habit of sinning that when they do not sin, they feel they are missing something! Sin has intruded so much into man that it has become a necessity for him! At the moment, the human race sees sin as something normal, as something that does not offend my Son, as something that does not offend me. Most of the deeds and deeds of this generation have hidden evil in them, evil that is used by the enemy of souls to take possession of human creatures. How is it that you do not listen to my calls? How is it that you reject the Will of my Son? How is it that you continue to claim that humanity lives righteously? How is it that you accept abortion? How is it that you do not defend the gift of life? This hurts me so much! It bothers me so much! You can't say that this generation is walking righteously, when the defenseless are thrown out on the street to die, when parents take the lives of their own children.... isn't this the work of Satan? My children, you must dive deeper and be more spiritual. My favorite children must call upon the people of my Son to be more spiritual. And my children, who love and adore my Son, must come to my favorite children to be led to be more spiritual. A spiritual person is not only the one who prays on his knees. A spiritual being is not only the one who comes to the Eucharist every day. If the will of my Son does not beat deeply and constantly within him, then he is nothing more than a reflection, which at any moment may dim and cease to be a praying, pious and truly Christian being, and this will cause serious complications among the brethren. At this point, spirituality should overcome false religiosity. My children must be united with the deeds of my Son.... my children must be willing to belong to my Son.... my children must accept me as their mother so that I can lead them to Him. Pray the Holy Rosary, it is a weapon that defends you against evil. But remember that you should remain in a state of Grace, so that your prayers bear fruit, so that your work bears fruit, so that your actions bear fruit and are right. A creature completely engaged in lukewarmness - who acts and works in the love of my Son when it is convenient for him - is like a hypocrite who appears pious before his brothers, but when he is alone, he forgets that he belongs to Him. My Son sees everything and knows everything, because He knows all creatures from within each of them. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son sends me to you, and I come with joy and continue to warn you. The Antichrist is plotting in the midst of a dormant humanity that does not listen to my calls and is therefore unable to discover the one who presents himself under the mask of deception, with false alliances and contradictory or immoral transactions. The moment he has a little more power in his hands, he will move against the people of My Son. You need more spirituality to be able to overcome all that is coming. The sky will turn red as a foreshadowing of the blood that my Son's people, the people, will shed, martyred at the hands of their oppressors. But do not be afraid, children, do not be afraid to lay down your lives for my Son, for the soul is in the hands of the Eternal Father. This is not the moment not to live fully, this is not the moment to persist in lukewarmness. Do not let the mundane attract you, for this is Satan's great plan. He and his fallen angels have come to earth to possess human creatures. This is the triumph he has planned to later punish the people of my Son as severely as they have never been scourged before. This is the reason why I implore you to truly repent.... be zealous in repentance; and those who repent, do not be negligent. In an instant you may succumb to temptation and lose everything you have gained for eternal life. No one is immune. You don't see it, but you are living in the midst of a great spiritual battle between good and evil. Each of you must cooperate by saying 'Yes! To My Son. You will suffer so much pain! Do not reject My Words, do not reject My Son when He calls you to take up the path to Him again. Anyone who is aware knows that this is a blessing, that My presence is a blessing, that My warnings are a blessing.... because I do not want Satan to possess your souls. Beloved children, I invite you to pray strenuously for Argentina, the blood of my children will be shed. I invite you to pray for Puerto Rico, it will be heavily shaken. I invite you to pray for Russia, humanity will receive a great whipping from there. Children, the hierarchy of My Son's Church has not consecrated Russia to My Immaculate Heart, and at this time, when humanity is infested with evil, this disobedience has further opened the door for communism to invade most countries, where it has already dominated the minds of My children with its ideologies. Anyone who says he loves me cannot be in communion with communism. Anyone who loves me and loves my Son in spirit and truth opposes this false ideology, which brings death to humanity, to the people of my Son. My beloved ones, I encourage you to expand your knowledge. Do not believe everything that is presented to you by big industry, delve deeper, learn about production and the elements that go into it, because those who think they own humanity on earth have prepared their god-money to contaminate my Son's people, not only through food, but also through other means that are presented as improving your health, but in reality are meant to cause your health to deteriorate. Children, I warn you against this. My children live among vipers who want to annihilate you. Resist, be strong, for you possess an infinite treasure, one that no one can possess by force, only those who - immediately - give their lives to my Son to gain eternal life. Children, do not be afraid, you will never be abandoned. From now until then, I protect you so that you will not be lost. I send my angelic legions to remind you in moments of temptation that you are children of the Most High. But do not expose yourselves to too much evil. Children, do not be afraid, for my Son will send from his house what his people need, provided his people obey and faithfully fulfill his commands. Remember that the commandments cannot be changed, because they were written by the Eternal Father for the past, present and future. As the Mother of Divine Love, I pour out my Love and my blessing on all my Son's children, and they shall be yours, the strength to resist evil.... strength to reject evil.... strength and support to stay on the true path. Do not forget that my Son is coming, and you will rejoice when you see Him face to face. I bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 25 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, from north to south and from east to west my angelic legions protect you and help humanity, and direct their obedience to my Son to human creatures who desire to receive God's mercy. My children know that they do not go forward with despair, but with hope for the tomorrow of eternal life that prevails in man, who reigns over the present moment to overcome everything that is opposed to God's Will. As Mother, I constantly urge you to pay attention and expand your thinking, your reason and your knowledge, delving into the present nightmares that are still progressing and will lead humanity to the accelerated suffering described in the Holy Scriptures, proclaimed by me and revealed to the various creatures chosen by my Son. Mankind persisted in its way of walking, guided by human intuition, which repeatedly failed because man did not accept the help of the Holy Spirit. Knowing and delving into everything around you, which paralyzes humanity, is not in human interest. That is why humanity is dominated by those who seek the disintegration of the human race. Conscience has been overshadowed by a selfish, independent and self-centered being. Children, you are aware of your existence and that moment when everything around you moves against the Divine Will. You are capable of thinking, reasoning, you have intelligence, but evil blinds you and goes unnoticed by you, and you continue your life as if the actions of your brothers are exactly what God wants. I am pained by the suffering of mankind overwhelmed by hatred, which has led man to the grave sin of crime, which shrouds man in vices, darkens reason and hardens the heart. When a person kills another human being, he allows the devil to take possession of him and keep him in a state of constant desire, a desire for revenge, without any reason; a desire for blood without the fear of God. This generation has sealed itself and placed itself in the hands of the devil, thus condemning millions of innocent beings to death in the cruelest way there is - abortion. My children should not defend those who, for their own convenience, choose to betray the mission the Father has entrusted to them, to be Mothers. There will be an increase in abortions, which will become a daily occurrence and reach unimaginable levels of murder when abortion is provoked. Man has become a monster who kills in front of all creation, which trembles every time an act is committed against the gift of life. My children, I suffer so much from this scourge that man has adopted for his own convenience! In the house of my Son, there is so much pain and trembling every time an action is voluntarily taken to put an end to the gift of life! Humanity has degenerated, the devil controls it, and man is fond of agreeing to the wishes of evil in order to multiply terror throughout the world. Terrorism develops minute by minute in every human creature that kills an innocent being, it develops in those who mercilessly carry death as their banner. Beloved children, pray, receive my Son worthily prepared and be aware of current world events. Do not be creatures who live isolated in their environment; observe the principle of 'love thy neighbor,' not forgetting that terror will spread throughout the earth. Children, this generation is a reference to the final events.... this generation will live its evil, the great tribulation of the children of my Immaculate Heart, the Church of my Son will be divided. This will be the first sign that the Son of Perdition is acting directly, going against God and preparing to sit in God's temple with extravagance and false, deceptive acts. With false miracles, he will enslave those who are not strong in faith and have not accompanied my Son in keeping the Commandments. Beloved children of my Heart, do not let the signs of this moment go unnoticed; not only the lukewarm will be deceived. Hold on to your daily spiritual growth, hold on to the knowledge of the truth, expand your minds and live each moment by being creatures of action, carrying the word of my Son to your brothers and sisters, being witnesses to the deeds and works of my Son. Children, pray for England, it will suffer at the hands of terrorists. Pray for Chile, which will be plagued by nature, it will tremble. Pray for the United States of America, it will suffer pain in its bowels. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, the earth does not know and recognize man, reason has been lost, evil has been embraced. The world leader will be a surprise to mankind. My Son suffered the opposition of His own people; the faithful suffered with Him. Do not forget the words of my Son: 'Persecution awaits you in the world. My beloved, do not be indifferent, grow in knowledge, do not be passive beings; on the contrary, let each one be an example to his brother. The moon is turning red.... and humanity suffers. Be aware that everyone must be his brother's keeper; evil is advancing. The good take refuge in my Son, and He is the owner of all that exists. Look up, be vigilant. I bless you. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 28 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children, humanity continues to reject the merciful plan of Salvation. I see souls undergoing strong purification, because human beings refuse to realize the things I call you to, so that intelligence moves the Heart of Stone to act and behave justly. Children, you are inhaling laziness and spiritual indifference, and this is paralyzing the desire and need for God in man every moment. Confused by the overwhelming wave of ideology, man accepts everything that comes to him, seeking anything that will give him greater control over his surroundings. My Son chose twelve men. He taught them to love the Eternal Father, taught them to pray to Him and adore Him. He preached to them about the Father, so that through this knowledge they could experience closeness to Him. Humanity does not love because love is not recognized as such; love is seen as a tradition, and traditions are not accepted by this generation. As foretold, a cruel great calamity is imminent for love that is not Love.... calamities are coming for the body and for the soul. The innocent is thrown to the earth, which is rapidly aging, lest it become an accomplice of man, unrecognizable, who kills mercilessly. The earth trembles all over the planet, and although man knows the cause, he wants to be unaware and unbelieving. Then my warnings will be seen too late for humanity, which will not be prepared. Fire will fall from the sky in front of a man who has turned money into a god, thus losing sensitivity and feelings. The disaster will begin one morning, in which man will feel that he is falling into madness; metal will melt like wax in fire; the moment when faith will sustain the humble and the powerful will become beggars. Nuclear energy will whip humanity and then my calls will be recognized. Beloved children, pray for Switzerland, she will tremble and this will make humanity tremble. Pray, children, pray for Israel, it will suffer. Pray, children, the earth will be hit by an asteroid; pray. Pray, children, pray. The Pope will be taken by surprise when he is away from Rome. My beloved ones, do not reject my calls; man's return to his God is urgent and necessary. Everything mundane will fade away; man will feel that he is dying. The call is spiritual, for mankind to come closer to my Son. Your humanity is not grateful for the love of the Holy Spirit for man, and you will see the arrival of sickness, suffering and anguish. Over all of you, the sun will be a relentless force against man himself. The measure you give will be the measure you receive.... my children must show restraint, you will feel abandoned because my warnings have been rejected. Those who cling to tradition will be identified, modernism will seek to gain control over the Commandments and the word of my Son. In the end, you will see the truth of all that I have announced; you will cry out to Heaven, but do not forget that my Son is Mercy and also Justice. Do not reject the sacramentals; they are means. Do not disregard the invocations; they are the steps that open up on the spiritual path. The decree from Heaven will be a balm for those who abide by the Father's Will. Do not wait; act as Christians did in the past. At this time you must share the good news of the Second Coming of my Son. Before the Holy Week begins, be reconciled with my Son, do not allow evil to take control of you, to make you its tools. Be more spiritual, live these days truly from the heart, as if it were the last chance for Salvation .... be spiritual, not mundane ... be honest with yourselves, do not deceive yourselves .... be true children of my Son. Man does not see himself in the grim reality in which he lives, because the bandage has darkened the human eye, and blindness has reached the Heart and hardened it; reason has closed down, and intelligence has been oppressed by the force of evil that dominates it. I carry you protected in my womb, so that evil will not see you. Beloved children, good prevails if a person obeys and shakes off the moth that has brooded in his spirit. I remain before you, not leaving you for a moment. At this time, my legions protect you in a special way. Those who are faithful to my Son will not be scourged, the truth will not be banished from the earth. I love you, my children. Stay together in unity, spiritual strength is more powerful than human strength. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 30 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in these special moments my Heart remains open to embrace those who wish to receive me as Mother and Advocate. The Father's House remains with each of His faithful children to send help in the face of the wiles of evil that tempt them from moment to moment. Children, knowledge of current events is essential for you to be able to discern the signals that are given, which cannot go unnoticed. Each signal is an announcement that I have given to humanity. Children, pray for human beings who have been chosen by my Son for a special mission, and who do not obey, losing their way. Pray for Japan, the whip in its power is and will be an obvious cause of contamination for my children. Children, be faithful, do not lose faith. I keep you under my mantle. Accompany my Son during this preparation.... and beg God to forgive you for the transgressions you have committed. My Heart remains with you. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 31 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not stop accompanying my Son. Children, everyone is called to Salvation. Some take the wrong path - and even reject Salvation - because of ignorance. The mission of the Christian is to co-redeem, to complete what was lacking in the passion of my Son, '...what was lacking in the sufferings of Christ for the sake of His Body, that is, the Church.' For most, it is easy to call themselves Christians until sorrow reaches them; for as soon as pain touches them, they desperately ask for it to be dismissed, even though they know that pain is redemption. My Son chooses the humble to carry His word. They may be those who only half understand the Gospel, but they are those who are willing to give their all. Beloved, I do not see many scholars among you, nor do I see many virtuous ones. I see those who come to seek the mercy of God. I see many souls who are ready to pray the Holy Rosary and intercede for their brothers, and in doing so, they will walk the right path and eventually become learned, virtuous and faithful. In the midst of all, I see those who always criticize those who courageously set out to seek the divine folly of the Cross, holding the Rosary in one hand. To those who criticize, I say: 'Whoever among you is without sin, let him be the first to throw a stone...'. Children, a person has two paths before him: good and bad. If he chooses the good, he knows that he will be criticized, insulted and slandered.... but he will have eternal life in abundance. If he chooses the path to evil, the world will treat him well, but if he does not repent, he will lose eternal life. At this point, rage - the hallmark of Satan - and lack of knowledge of love, true love, prevails. This causes man to look for pretexts to eliminate each other. These actions cause so much pain to my Son! How many suffer with my Son's pain? Those who do not seek their personal glory, acclaim or places of honor. That is why there are so few of them. Children, pray for your brothers who are deluded by Satan's deception, for those who refuse to wake up to the reality of this moment, for those who deny the existence of sin in this generation. These children seriously offend my Son, because they are not lost alone, but are attracting many souls. Children, pray for the godlessness and persecution that is increasing against innocent victims in the Middle East. This wickedness will spread. Children, pray for those who will lose their lives due to radioactivity, a scourge to this ignorant generation. Beloved children, repent for offending my Son so much, for nailing so many times to His divine hands filled with love. Repent for not being active beings who carry the word of my Son to your brothers. Passivity has mastered most of you. My children, do not allow this wickedness to master you. I remain with you. My hand never tires, knocking on your doors to let Me in. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 01 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I keep you under my mantle, protected in my Heart. Be faithful to my Son, so that betrayal, lack of love, unfaithfulness, mockery, and many others do not lead you to fall and leave you there so that you cannot rise again. Children, life is a constant effort to attract blessings. Nothing comes without effort, without a person deserving it. Beloved, on the face of my Divine Son is drawn the suffering He carries in His Heart, wounded to the extreme. He does not say a word, it is not necessary, he knows that he will be betrayed.... at this moment, human iniquity continues to advance unspeakably, and my Son continues to suffer for those who are His as they work and act within the framework of what is mundane and sinful. So many children despise the gift of life and kill their neighbors! So many abortions facilitated and supported! So many innocents annihilated! So much cruelty to these same human beings! So many weapons with the seal of death that exterminate thousands of human beings in an instant! So many minds inspired by evil stray from the path of human beings in one second! So many hearts hardened by betrayal, persecution and disappointment! So much lack of love in this generation! Evil has sown wrath in mankind to make man his own executioner. Children of my Heart, you have forgotten the first purification that the Father sent, the water.... and man was again corrupted. The second purification, the blood of my Son.... beloved, which cleansing was useful for mankind to reject sin? You disregarded the goods that the Father gave you, the purifications, especially the blood of my Son, and instead gave the devil power over you. Children, you have abused God so much that you despise Divine Justice. Beloved, my Divine Son is so grievous! This generation constantly betrays Him, this is why hell itself has thrown itself at mankind, so that they will perish before they repent and save their souls. Satan easily forces mankind to bow down to him.... and mankind falls into his snare because of ignorance or convenience. My Son would offer Himself again a second time for each of you, and you would betray Him again, disobeying Him and adopting evil as a weapon to dominate your brothers, thus becoming followers of the antichrist who came to divide, kill and condemn souls to eternal fire. Beloved children, so much lukewarmness in you! So much indecision! So much ignorance of the wickedness around you! So much conformity! So much covering up of wickedness! So little willpower! So many good intentions that were never realized! So much lying to yourselves! How my Son is treated by those who are devoted to Him! So many of them worship money! So many of them controlled by evil live in a state of impurity! So many divisions and so many trials for the Church of my Son! Then you, my children, so much deception! So much pride! So much condemnation that will turn against you! Just as my Son was betrayed the first time, He will continue to be betrayed. My Son knows this, but His Infinite Love is waiting for you, waiting for the conversion of each of you. At this moment, reflect on the life of each of you, look at yourselves without masks and confess that you are not what my Son wants. Do not take to Him more plans and resolutions instead of strong promises. Prepare yourselves at this moment, do not lose eternal life. Pray, children, pray for Russia. It will be a scourge to humanity. Pray, children, for communism, which consumes humanity and turns individuals into masses. Pray, children, the earth will tremble greatly. Do not be lost, my beloved ones, fight with the strength of the Holy Spirit, it is not enough to want with a strong will. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 02 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless all those consecrated to the service of my Son. I bless my beloved children. I bless the hands that adore and, in an act of profound thanksgiving, lift the bread and wine and allow my Son to be transubstantiated into Divine Body and Blood. I bless my favorite children who tirelessly dedicate themselves to the people of my Son, those who at all times proclaim the truth, '...proclaim the message...whether the time favors or does not favor.... '; those who, no matter the time, go at all times to serve souls. I bless my beloved children who do not seek honor or human accolades, but want to live in accordance with the Will of my Son and fully fulfill their consecration. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, people of my Son who love Him, I bless all who belong to different groups in the Church of my Son. There are no different groups, it is the one and only group in the service of my Son, but rivalries arise and as Mother I cannot ignore them. To all those who call themselves Christians, who devote part of their lives to some group in the Church of my Son, I call on you to be one Heart, brotherhood and unity. No service, no religious group is greater than another; it will be the least of all if it does not give itself to the total service of your brothers. Beloved children, he who wants to be the greatest must be the least of all, the smallest and humblest of all. This son of mine is the one who fully has the love of my Son. Beloved children, do not let conflicts divide those who remain in the Church of my Son in the service of your brothers, because you all serve my Son and me. My children have no rivals and do not see their brothers as rivals. My true children are one, they know that they have been called to brotherhood, to be one Heart at this time, to have the strength needed to fight evil together, not to fight among themselves within the same Church. Those who call themselves Christians, but do not come closer to my Son, are not true. Those who serve in various groups in my Son's Church and walk under the cover of human ideologies are not my true children. My Son is not an ideology, my Son is 'the Way, and the Truth, and the Life'. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, build up, build up; do not overthrow your brother.... build, build, build, transmitting knowledge to your brothers, warning them of this moment, every moment, when mankind has allowed the word of my Son to be banished and has adopted as a way of life, dislike of my Son.... disobedience to the Commandments.... and rage as a banner.... you have transgressed all norms in all aspects. My Son is Mercy and He comes to you with His Infinite Mercy. Not being a sinner, He even bears the Cross of all the sins of mankind, and He does this out of love, out of love for each of you, His children. My Son gives Himself, and with every flogging He receives, He sees how many betrayals He will receive from His children.... he sees how many denials he will receive from his children.... He sees how many will hide and renounce Him to avoid suffering.... but my Son suffers, and in this suffering His Heart is strengthened as He sees you who are faithful to Him, who do not deny Him, who uphold the Faith, who strive for unity among the brethren, who strive to make the Church beat at the same pace as the Divine Heart. My Son sees you who adore Him, who do not engage in strife, but are unity, love, transparency, mercy, blessing and faith. My Son does not stop giving Himself when He looks at the holy remnant prepared to receive Him at His second coming. My Son does not cease to give of Himself when He sees that His people know His word and do not fall, but penetrate into the vastness of knowledge so that the coming events do not take them by surprise; He penetrates my calls at all times in my various revelations, in which I reveal even the smallest details of the suffering of this generation in particular, so that after passing through the crucible they will shine like gold and be able to receive my Son, not only with a 'Glory!' or 'Hosanna,' but also with their deeds and actions in accordance with the Father's will. Beloved children, do not get into disputes among yourselves; help one another to discover the one who is already moving in the midst of mankind, to discover the one who, under the false guise of righteousness, is already revealing himself before all mankind, in order to sow division among the people of my Son and to overwhelm all who profess faith in my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, penetrate the mystery of my Son's love for you; it is a love that most of you do not yet know. Prepare yourselves to receive him who, after the antichrist is revealed, will come with the word of my Son in his mouth to help and assist you. Pray, my children, pray for the priestly people, that they may live the same holiness as my Son. Pray, my children, pray, for science without conscience is heading to reduce the population of the world. Pray, my children, pray, because the plagues are advancing toward humanity, and you do not see it. Pray, my children, because the earth continues to tremble and my children continue to suffer. Continue to give yourselves for the love of my Son. Abide united with the passion of my Son. Continue to meditate on my Son's pain, so that you may share in the joy of the Resurrection. As your Mother, I protect you and kiss each of my children. Receive peace in your hearts, I protect and support you, my beloved children, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 03 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children, at this time you are protected by me. Do not let human will weaken you; instead, as you bask in my Son's gift of Himself, you are infused with divine love, from which all good things for human creatures come. My children know their shepherd and are obedient to the call. They know that they must study to deepen their knowledge, and they cannot ignore what is happening around them throughout the world. Suffering and pain will engulf the whole earth. My beloved ones, the Cross of my Son is victory over all evil, over death itself. Thus my children know that they are walking amidst obstacles, but they will prevail in the name of my Son. At this moment, each of you must be the one to accept the divine and blessed blood, committing to be the guardian of such a great miracle of love. My Son's divine blood was not shed without bearing fruit in his children, the fruit of eternal life! The daily bread of the Christian is the Eucharistic bread, which strengthens both spirit and body. Children, every momentary struggle cannot be won without my Son. Ask my Son for the grace to receive Him worthily in such a great sacrament. Before the Sacrament of the Eucharist, every knee bends, adoring the greatest in Christianity. Beloved, the Cross of my Son contains the sins of all human creatures, therefore its burden is shared by all mankind. Now you must repair and correct, staying away from everything that leads you to evil. Children, these are moments of pain for many countries. Do not look at this pain from afar, because it will spread to the entire earth. A Christian at this time instructs himself and knows about everything that is happening around him, showing solidarity and living fully the love of his neighbor. Each of you must be the one to wipe the Divine face - a sign of presence, companionship, recognition of my Son as the Savior of mankind - and engrave in your Heart not only the pain, but also the love that surpasses love, Divine love. My Son bears the daily Cross of man, but comes again in His Second Coming to banish evil. He comes to His children in glory and splendor, with power, assisted by His legions, shaking Heaven and Earth. He comes to heal wounded Hearts and to be Infinite Love for the happiness of my Heart and my children. Pray, my children, for Italy who will suffer immensely. Pray, my children, pray for the priests, that they will be totally devoted to their sheepfolds, that they will not remain dormant when human creatures need them. Pray, my children, pray for the great powers, they do not understand that evil wanted to deceive them in order to cause humanity the last sufferings. Pray for yourselves, so that evil does not wreak havoc and lead you off the true path. Each of mine must be a brother of Cyrenaica. There must be no conflicts between you. You are all my children and as my children you are strength, obedience, love, devotion, solidarity, unity, hope, faith, silence and eternal followers of my Son. As children of my Son, immerse yourselves in His Most Sacred Heart, consecrate yourselves to Him and be the wall that rises to prevent evil from penetrating your hearts through your senses. Control your senses, do not let your senses control you. Beloved ones, recognize evil so that it does not penetrate you through your sensitivities, be humble. Do not allow evil to separate you from the path traveled. Every soul that separates from the path of my Son is a triumph of Satan. Come to me, as Mother I embrace you, with my Love I defend you and intercede for you, so that the gall may be sweet. You are not children without a Mother, you are my great treasure. Keep company with my Son on the road to Calvary, so that you will forever renounce the power you have given to your 'ego', and so that the Divine Self will be the beating Hearts of my children. Do not participate in the evil that exists in the world. Be the difference, the sign that you belong to the holy remnant. I love you. At this moment, when you remember the death of my Son, kill the human 'ego' so that my Son remains alive in you. Children, convinced from the depths of your hearts, declare your total devotion to my Son, recognizing Him as King of kings and Lord of lords. My blessing is upon you all, I love you all. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 04 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, may my Blessing be in each of my children the balm that keeps you on the path of my Son. I am the Mother of hope, and I constantly call, warn, announce; I stop and warn my children to take the path to which I call you, to avoid unnecessary purifications. My calls are not intended to frighten those whom I love, but I hold in my bosom all those who allow me to cover them with my mantle. My invocations are love to save mankind from suffering by obtaining the favor of God the Father, so you will not suffer if you obediently fulfill what the Father's House demands of you. My children, man's closeness to his Creator is despised by this generation and a close relationship is established with what is sin or an offense to God. All deeds and actions outside of God's Will are supported by sin. Children, at this time arrogance reigns among mankind. Pride has led you to disregard the Divine Commandment 'Thou shalt not kill', and when this Commandment is transgressed, human creation is degraded. My Son gave His life for you in order to redeem you from sin, but at the moment sin is perceived and lived as something natural to man; thus was born a generation that accepted the law of the devil and separated itself from unity with its Creator. My Son is life and life in abundance ... my Son is water for the thirsty ... my Son is light for those who live in darkness .... my Son is food for the hungry ... my Son is warmth for those who feel the cold ... my Son is a refuge for those who are afraid ... my Son is protection for those who are oppressed ... my Son is ... your God! Beloved children, end ignorance, be realistic, change your lives so that conversion is closer to you. Do not be indifferent to the one who suffers, nor disobedient to God's Will, in this way the suffering will be less intense and shorter. Pray, my children, pray for Costa Rica. She will suffer. Pray, my children, for Chile. The water will cleanse them. Pray for each of you, that you will not give up, but will stand firm in faith. Children, as Mother, I ask you not to sleep, but to take my Word and turn it into action. Purify your carnal senses so that you do not return to your former deeds. You are new creatures in my Son ... new life, an act of God's mercy is rooted in each of mine. Dive deep within yourselves, where only you and my Son meet and share, and dedicate yourselves to Him. Children, listen to my calls, put them into action. I bless you; I am and will be with you all. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 05 2015 - Jesus Christ
My people, beloved children, tireless wanderers, I live!!! And all that is beyond Me is not My Will. I am the eternal present, I am the unchanging. I am the Way, and the Truth, and the Life.... my nets of Divine Love have caught the best catch, my people are faithful, they do not hesitate and wander in the world, not belonging to this world, not allowing the world to contaminate them with evil. My glory is the glory of my people.... my Word is for the Salvation of my people.... my Body and my Blood are food for my people.... 'not everyone who says to me: Lord, Lord, will enter the Kingdom of Heaven, but he who does the will of my Father who is in Heaven '. Beloved, all human beings who obey and live the Will of God are My people. All those who renounce sin and its machinations are my people. Beloved children, this generation is blessed by my surrender of myself on the Cross, the Cross of love and resurrection. I do not distance myself from the Heart that wants to follow Me as a faithful disciple. Whoever wants to delve into Me, let him cry out and he will be heard. My Mother is waiting for you to give you the light of Her Heart. Do not wait any longer. Time is not time, it is a moment that passes imperceptibly. In the blink of an eye you will feel far away from Me as you are carried away by the current of offenses against Me. A day is no longer a day, it is the light departure of the sun and the quick return of the moon. Man does not predict the weather with accuracy. At this point, nature tells man: I am a creation of God, I am unpredictable to you. Beloved, if you will, you will transform this unbelieving Heart of stone into a sensitive Heart, filled with my word, my works and my deeds. I am Love, Mercy and Justice. Beloved, my Will is for you to understand that I would not be a Righteous Judge if there were not Justice towards my people, Mercy and Justice. To the righteous I will give what he deserves; to him who truly repents I will forgive.... To him who denies Me, who refuses to repent and gives himself over to evil, I will give him to drink My Righteousness. All the works and deeds of mankind passed before My eyes in Gethsemane.... I know you before you were born, I await the conversion of those who remain far from Me, consumed by the world and its sins. I urge you to return to me. I will receive you like a prodigal son, like a lost sheep; you will be my joy, my Love, and you will drink of my Mercy. I call upon you as many times as it takes, so that evil does not snatch you and lead you astray; so that evil does not snatch you and deceive you, so that you lose eternal life. My resurrection is life for my people, blessing and growth for my people. My people, this moment is urgent. Conscience must rise like leaven. Everything that moves around humanity causes me pain, because it is the result of the stupidity of human creatures, human creatures for whom I never tire of asking you to return to me. You remain slaves to your human ego, not accepting the freedom I offer you. Beloved ones, you will not attain freedom if you do not abandon your attachments .... you will not attain freedom if you do not free yourselves from all vices ... you will not attain freedom unless you throw off your shackles and nullify your human self, which, protected by necessity and false hopes, leads you constantly astray into the abyss where Satan awaits you. Children, go faster, double your pace. There is a moment before you, a moment in which I will come to take over the conscience of each of you, to examine your works and your deeds. This examination of man's conscience is not far from humanity. Beloved ones, examine yourselves deeply, examine the path you are walking.... I want to have you in My House, I offer you Salvation. It is up to each of you to obey or persist in sin. Mankind was persistently warned by my House, whether the time was favorable or unfavorable, you, my children, are the ones who disobeyed me. At this moment, sin, controlled by the anger of my children, makes me flood the earth with tears. My pain is deep when I see how the minds of my children, out of convenience, do not want to see the signs of the times fulfilled. Beloved children, you are brothers in faith. Love one another as I have loved you. I am with you all days, until the end of the world. Children, warn your brothers. Do not remain in condemning silence. Children, pray, pray for My Church, for it will tremble. My children, war is upon you; great events will make humanity suffer. My children, pray for the United States and for England. They will suffer. My children, I protect you. Children of my Will, do not rest, be better every moment. Enough! Do not go if you are not protected by Me. My peace is for each of you, My Resurrection is life for My people, life abundant. My Resurrection is living water for each of my children. I, Jesus Christ, high priest forever, bless you and cover you with my precious blood. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 08 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, just as man needs to breathe.... so man needs My word, without which human creation would wander aimlessly. My beloved people, where have you gone? What paths have you taken, ignoring my word? You come and go, wandering from one place to another, not looking, just following the majority of humanity. My people, aware of the moment in which you are living, must be the voice that warns your brothers not to persist in ignorance and lose their souls. My people have not yet awakened from their slumber, on the contrary, they have sunk even further into slumber, and this is not my Will.... I want souls to be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth, that truth which I preached on earth and which remains recorded in the Holy Scriptures. Pray. Without prayer and without accepting me, you will be far from finding my way, and without the right intention to fully fulfill my will, you will never attain eternal life. Human creatures think that if they have good intentions, they will be saved. No, good intentions do not save, but acting and working in accordance with God's - not man's - wishes. Children, good intentions are not enough. Good intentions that are not realized are in hell. To attain eternal life, you must fully submit to my Will. My people will not be exempt from going through the Great Purification. My children will be tried like gold in a crucible, I will delight My people. My people have not been warned of this moment of purification.... my Church ignores what is going to happen, some of my consecrated children deny the fulfillment of the coming events because they forget that they have given their lives and their consecration to me. It is very painful for me to hear some of my consecrated ones denying my Mother, denying the Warning, denying the purification, denying the Antichrist and denying the other events for which humanity must be purified of the evil it drags. This is not a moment for the lukewarm; you must take your path, and I demand that you take mine.... otherwise you will be lost. You persist in the midst of the savagery of humanity, you act worse than wild animals towards each other, without loyalty and unity, destroying works and tools. This is the reaction of human creatures who are on some path of life, thinking that they love Me, but do not know My Word and reject the signs and signals that My House has announced and which are being fulfilled at this moment. My mystical body has not been instructed about what is coming.... it causes me pain to see so many souls get lost because of their ignorance, they forget that I am coming with the scales of righteousness in My hand and all works and every deed will be weighed on My scales. At the moment, the devil has taken possession of human creatures due to their lack of resolve caused by the lukewarmness of their souls and the lack of proper teaching and preparation of my people on the part of those who are consecrated to me. My people are indifferent to my affairs. This has led them to all their vices, to be constantly lost, to desire sin. I will reward my children, those who persevere, those who keep faith in my word, true and authentic. Beloved children, a plague is silently advancing against my people. The plagues of bodily and spiritual diseases become one to destroy my children, helpless and ignorant. Fire will be the scourge for this generation, the plagues will increase as people without God kill more and more of my people. Beloved, the vault of Heaven will seem to burn; do not look to my wrath, remain in my Word, in my Truth. I do not abandon you, even if you chose to distance yourself from Me. I am merciful. My Mercy is the reason that this humanity is still alive. You have transgressed My Law, but not before giving in to the weight of your own sins and unfaithfulness. My people, unite, be brotherly and do not hesitate to protect one another. Unity is the strength of my people. Do not falter no matter how strong the winds may be. You are the advocates of little children, children that Satan has in his clutches by means of technology, the one who delights in perverting the minds of children. Children, visit me in the Tabernacle, receive me in the Eucharist. Every consciously received Communion, every fervently prayed Rosary, every deed of mercy and every act of obedience to my Commandments is a source of blessing for each of you. Do not forget that when it seems that all is lost, it is then that I will rise in Power, Glory and Majesty for my people. I bless you, my Love is with my people. I anoint you with the oil of my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 12 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Love still beats within each of you. My Love is the light of my Truth, and my Truth is the voice of my Mercy. My people, My Heart aches for every creature that moves away from Me, hiding all transgressions under My forgiveness. My works are borne by My Love and My Justice for My children whom I love. In creation I give you everything you need and more, so that you do not seek other waters. However, not content with what they have, My children delve into the unknown and penetrate into darkness, which leads them away from Me. Curiosity develops in the human creature, which is not bad, until this curiosity takes the upper hand over man's will and leads him to delve into everything that is not My Will. Man must rebel against this bondage to which sin has tied him; to free himself from this bond, the human creature must delve into the knowledge of love, and to know love, he must know Me. I offer all My Mercy to the sinner, so that he may repent and strive for true life. I love you so much, children, that to those who deserve greater misfortunes, I give My Mercy so that the misfortunes will be less. He who loves Me very much, My Mercy embraces and takes him in. My beloved people, suffering is an act of Mercy toward you. If you accept it with patience and love, it will bear abundant fruit and you will come closer to Me. It pains me to see how people reject me, blaspheme me in moments of suffering, thinking that I am to blame for their misfortunes and not stopping to consider, if you demand my Mercy, I will give you the balm of my Love, but my Mercy is not always what a person asks of me, although it is what is best for his life. Come to Me at any time, in no creature will you find mercy similar to Mine. Humanity helps and propitiates my children to remain in what is mundane and sinful, but when my children decide to escape from the world, they find themselves alone and appeal to me. Children, may the sense of abandonment by humanity not lead you to defeat, nor to seek human consolation tainted by sin, which comes from the denigration and guilt of my children. My beloved people, suffering, if it is for your good, is never fruitless. Afflictions purify and diminish your defects, and in each purification the soul rises more towards Me. Beloved ones, I urge you not to forget to invoke my Mercy at every moment; otherwise the enemy takes advantage of this to make you feel miserable and unworthy of my forgiveness, and thus leads you to remain in the mud. I call on all of you, all of you are my children, but not all of you want to be my people.... I will gladly embrace you, so I call on those who have forsaken me, those who owe me great debts and those who do not love their brothers. I call upon you to give you my love, just as I accepted the good thief, because it was in my power, and I gave him a share in my Kingdom. No human creature on earth will hide from Me. Every human creature will find My Merciful Love, if only he comes to Me truly repentant of his wrongdoing and with a firm intention to improve. My people, I act with Mercy and with Justice; I am merciful, but this does not lead Me to set aside My Justice, with free will I allow man to reap the fruits of his actions, My Mercy does not destroy My Justice, on the contrary, My Mercy is infinite and in this infinity My Justice waits until the last moment, but My Mercy and My Justice continue to act in everything. My Mercy and my Justice are not lacking in any court, my Goodness and my Wisdom are not lacking in any court. My people know Me and know of My Mercy, but at the same time they know that I am a Righteous Judge. People who cause the destruction of mankind and do not repent for it must fear judgment, because they will carry on their shoulders the lives of the innocent who suffer.... People who violently seek to reduce the human population and do not repent for it must fear the day of judgment.... People who pretend to love their fellow human beings, but don't, cross me again and again. These people must make good use of this moment to repent, before the moment comes when - because of My Mercy - everyone will have to look at themselves. After the Warning, many of my children will not understand the way my Love works, and they will persist in sin until the miracle, when my Hand will cause punishment to descend upon them. My people, so much evil is spread all over the earth by human creation!.... So much sin is increasing every moment!.... So much misery I see on earth! So much difficulty in achieving the unity of those who are Mine! So much struggle for better jobs and to get the most famous places at times when I am attracted to unity, when I am attracted to brotherhood! So much competition when everything is mine, nothing belongs to man! ... my people, it is necessary to respect each other .... you all work for my Kingdom, no one shapes a secure future for himself if not because of my work and on my way. I call upon you to participate in my unity; whoever walks apart from my unity is heading for the abyss. My people, it is necessary to pray, it is necessary to turn to Me with a sincere Heart, so that you will be safe. I used to withdraw and pray to my Father, therefore he who does not know prayer is far from Me. I encourage you to pray the Holy Rosary in those moments when the devil takes possession of souls who are stuck in the mud and do not want to get out of it. I am attracted to the souls who haunt me in the sanctuary and the souls who receive me in my Body and Blood, in a state of Grace. I am attracted to simple souls who fight for unity and love their brothers and sisters, not in front of the society that stares at them, but in front of me, because they are real. Beloved ones, pray for the whole world, so that those who still want to approach me will recognize me. Beloved, pray for Peru, it will suffer. Beloved ones, each of you pray for your Salvation, I am waiting for you. Children, return to me, my arms remain open to those who want to come to me. I want you to be like pure oil from the best olive orchards.... I want you to be like crystal water in which I can see myself. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 15 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive the peace that emanates from my Heart for each of you, my children. Beloved, how different this moment of this generation is from what God's Will desires for those who are His! Man has diminished and will continue to diminish even more.... Living a holy and righteous life, as commanded by the Commandments, is a thing of the past in man's daily life. Giving thanks to God for every gift received is also a matter of the past, and at the moment a matter of shame for some. Mankind has created foreign gods, false idols, and then devoted itself to accumulating riches, so that human hearts move away from the true and living God. My Son's command, 'Do this in remembrance of me,' has lost its value. The same is true of the greatness, blessedness and solemnity with which my chosen children should realize the offering of my Son at the Eucharistic table, where the Body and Blood of my Son - the great miracle of God's Love - become present for the food of His people. At this time, the Eucharist is looked upon with contempt, received without preparation and without the awareness that to receive the Eucharist in mortal sin is to condemn the creature, as long as it remains healthy. In times to come, how sorry the creatures of men who despise the Eucharist will be! Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, without stopping, you fall into the abyss of the abyss.... you do not think that everything that pertains to my Son for humanity has been slowly eliminated, so that at the moment you are moving, it appears normal or developmental. Evil worked strategically to prevent my Son's people from manifesting against that which separates them from their God. Children, you need the courage to pick yourselves up after the fall.... you need humility to continue the path of my Son.... when discrepancies arise between brothers, you need wisdom to deal with fools.... you need faith not to get off the boat when it is convulsed. This is the path that the disciples of my Son walked, bearing witness and turning the other cheek, they paved the way for you, for this moment. Evil has developed with great intelligence to build an empire that dominates humanity at this moment. It dominates, yes; it dominates by making human creatures abandon my Son and accept Satan as their God, submitting to the abuses of demons to hurt my Son and this Mother where it hurts the most, exterminating human beings in contempt for the gift of life. This is Satan's retaliation for the Salvation that my Son bequeathed to His people by giving Himself on the Cross. Evil has advanced, my children have not. My children have sunk into lethargy, they have not accepted the teachings of my Son in their essence, in order to approach Him and merge into one with divinity. Beloved ones, Satan's cunning is constantly winning souls before an unchanging society devoted to technology, which has invaded the human mind with false and unreal adventures, vehicles of mind control, in order to get human beings to join the cast of artists shown to them. And in this way they have achieved their goal, to create this violent generation, which is largely opposed to my Son, thirsting for revenge and death, from which they will not stop, because they have been trained even in their homes, which have become training camps for violence and death. Families are the goal of the devil, and he has achieved it, disintegration, falsehood, violence.... and all of this has been introduced into the home by the parents themselves through technology that the parents do not control, and this has caused great destruction to the minds of their children as well as themselves. Man is moving in a hostile environment. The worldly has won out over goodness, truth, mercy, values, life, love of neighbor and many other aspects.... Beloved ones, I am not looking for the guilty, but pointing to those who were indulgent and did not control minors. Young people put themselves in the wrong hands to achieve what was instilled in their minds through misused technology. Children, man does not build without a purpose, and the purpose of technology - especially that used by minors, which has now spread to all age groups - was from the beginning to infiltrate the human mind and replace good with evil. With a divine wail, my Son sent me again and again to his people, in various revelations, with his instruments; and in my revelations, my cries were not heard; cries in which I warned of all that I spoke of and more. My Son's instruments are being silenced and attacked by their own brothers to silence them. Children of my maternal Heart, you will not silence the voice of my Son or my voice at this time, because the battle is being waged against Satan, who has possessed human creatures to invade humanity and bend it through horror. Beloved ones, people without a conscience thrive on the wickedness that Satan himself continually feeds them in order to prepare the antichrist's domain on earth. Nothing is harmless, children. Wake up! Those who kill their fellow human beings are not the only ones who have allowed evil to possess and dominate them; some of your brothers, too, have minds imbued with evil from the mass media, which are infiltrating the earth to infiltrate and divert my children from truth, morality and any spiritual relationship with my Son. Save your souls, children! Show yourselves before my Son and ask for His Mercy so that you will not be condemned. Repent before night falls! Pray, my beloved ones, an asteroid is approaching, which is not yet visible. It will indirectly cause a great tragedy on earth. Pray, my children, for Japan; the lamentation is not over yet. Pray, my beloved ones, for Chile; it will suffer. My beloveds, resist evil, do not forsake the Eucharist, do not forsake prayer, for it gives you the strength to fulfill my request to evangelize your brothers and sisters. Pray the Holy Rosary. I am listening. Educate yourselves, learn about the movements of evil and warn your brothers. Children, evil has condemned mankind to death in cooperation with the great powers that contaminate food, and my children are unknowingly suffering because of this. Children, I love you, I warn you, I warn you, not to make you afraid of me, but because the Mother warns those who are hers, and does not abandon them on their journey. I am with you, do not be afraid of my warnings, be afraid of losing eternal life. I bless you, children, I remain with my children. My legions, faithful to the people of my Son, watch over you. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 19 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I am not finished evangelizing my people.... I have called you to fulfill the personal mission of fulfilling the purpose for which you were created, to be my children in spirit and truth. My beloved ones, each of you must fulfill the mission of evangelizing Salvation and Mercy in my image. Let people know that Salvation is the gift of My House, and in order to attain Salvation, they must know how to pray, act and work according to My Will; otherwise My Justice will be swift against each of you. Children, I am the eternal news, my Love calls you from news to news. Therefore, I explain My own Word to you, so that you do not distort it, but follow it and live as My House commands. Mankind must restore the order that he violently interrupted, my order. Therefore, mankind must purify all that it has distorted, polluted, diminished, transgressed, usurped and stolen from My Will. I offer myself again, explaining my Word to my people through my prophet, and I will not keep anything, I will reveal everything to my people, a people who love me, respect me, follow me and fulfill my Will. I will come again in my Second Coming, and before I do, I call my people to action with the power of my Holy Spirit. I am the eternal present calling this generation, though unworthy of Me. I call this generation out of mercy, I proclaim because of my Mercy, and I embrace this generation out of mercy. I am coming to make you look at yourselves in the midst of so much wickedness, and each of you will see how much evil has entered you. Then people - soaked in pain and anguish - some will return to Me, and others, using their free will, will give themselves over to evil, becoming instruments to torture My people. I come to every human being to see Myself. No human being on earth will escape from himself. It is fear and need that will lead humanity to face itself, from within, without overlooking a single act committed by every human being. I will be love for those who live in me and terror for those who have rejected Salvation. My Word does not remain in the past. I am the past, the present and the future. My beloved people, oh, what have you done to My Sacrifice! Pray, My beloved, for My Church; it will be shaken and divided. Pray, my beloved, for France; it will suffer greatly from the hatred of its brethren. Pray, my beloved ones, for the United States, which will suffer from nature and terrorism. Beloved children, hatred and anger are born of your devotion to evil and the dehumanization that results from separation from Me and My Mother. Creation groans with pain and fear because it bears the blood of the innocent. Wake up, my people! In tribulation I will be with you.... in your pain I will be with you.... in your anguish I will be with you.... in your hunger I will be with you.... in every moment I will be with you.... when we meet, I will be before each of you.... I will not abandon my people, I will feed them with my Word, and an angel will descend from my House, through him I will send my Word and I will save my people, all who live in my Will and fulfill it. Children, the unity of my children is the force that magnetizes me to you. Remain as one without division, all are one in my Will. I bless you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 22 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children, of humanity, see me as the Mother of humanity! This is how I remain. My tears run down my face, just as impurity and wickedness made blood flow on the ground. The gift of life lies on the earth, where human beings willingly sacrifice themselves to end life. The oceans are contaminated not only by radioactivity, but also by man's fury. The earth is contaminated not only by the chemical contamination that man allows to fall on it, but also by the wickedness, carelessness and ignorance of that same man. In the Old Testament, God the Father appeared to His people; He used the elements of His creation - fire, air, water - to do so, but at this moment you possess the Body and Blood of my Son, but you continually despise Him with great ignorance, and sometimes with premeditation. Beloved mankind, I see you coming up to receive my Son in the Eucharist, but I do not see you sharing Him with your brothers and sisters through your actions and works, through your works in the likeness of my Son; through your actions in the likeness of my Son, being a living witness to His Love and His gift of Himself, in your daily struggle, in the thirst of the souls that my Son is suffering at this moment. There are so many who believe that my Son enjoys His throne at the right hand of the Father only in union with the Holy Spirit!.... You are so wrong, children! Right now my Son is in each of you, in each of those who love Him and in each of those who do not love Him. At this moment, those who do not love Him are throwing themselves like hungry wolves at my Son's sheepfold to tear it apart, but they do not consider that the life of the body is not the only thing you have on earth; they do not consider that every human being has a soul and spirit, and they can kill the body, but the soul and spirit belong to my Son, especially when my children are constantly bearing witness to the One who lives in each of them. Humanity, where do you think you are going in the midst of constant struggle, in the midst of battles and in the midst of so many wars? At this moment, I'm not just talking about wars with weapons, but also spiritual struggles, personal struggles, struggles that each of you should fight against evil and win. And in these moments I see so many of my children who, because of setbacks, forget the love of my Son and His gift of Himself on the cross, forget His call and forget that they have a Mother who loves them and will never abandon them. Humanity, this moment is for those who are real, for those who have decided to say 'Fiat', that 'let it happen', that 'yes' to the Will of God. This moment is for my children who struggle with themselves and constantly rise above their selfishness. This is not a moment for you - the mystical body of my Son - to allow evil to weaken your faith. Humanity, if you feel hopeless or discarded, it is because there is no love in you, and there is no love because you do not allow Divine Love to dwell in you. If you feel this way, it is because you are not allowing the fiery, living and beating love of my Son to pass through the pores of your skin; the love and divine blood that he gave for each of his children. ... and as Co-redemptrix with my Son, I share His pain with the pains of childbirth; I share His pain for the lack of awareness of my Son's Church. You who listen to me, you who cling to me as your Mother from moment to moment so that I may lead you to my Son, you who look within yourselves with a contrite heart and humility, and who at this moment repent of your transgressions, to you I say that I come for you to take you by the hand of my hand. My Son is not in communication with false ideologies created by men.... my Son is divine.... my Son comes to the aid of his people, those who are poor, those in affluence and those who choose to accept the good news.... my Son does not share the mundane ideologies created by men.... my Son does not agree that His people should be persecuted.... my Son does not agree that His people should be killed.... this is not His will.... wake up! These are the works of evil, these are the works of the oppressors who have allowed the wrath of Satan to overwhelm them. How much, how much I have admonished you in my calls to humanity, in my previous messages! How much I urged you to open your eyes, your thoughts, your knowledge and your hearts, so that you would not be deceived by the malignant snake of communism! And you continued to remain oblivious to these calls, and at this moment you are still indifferent. You call me Mother, so that I may come to your aid in your anguish, so that I may protect you when persecutors persecute you, when they deny you food and when they deny you health; but as the Advocate of all people - despite all this - I see you as if you were before me for the first time, and my eyes shed tears of blood and my Heart bleeds. I do not abandon you, but it is necessary for you to cling to my Son; it is necessary for you to examine yourselves consciously, without bandages and without veils over your eyes, and ask my Son to forgive you for the offenses you have committed, and I will cover you with my mantle, and in this maternal mantle you will find comfort and strength to continue on your way, because at this moment the labor pains are in their final stage.... From my unfolded mantle, which encompasses all of humanity, my Son will send His help, that divine help which is His will, just as He sent His prophets in the past. At this moment, this generation is unknown to all that the Father's hand has created, because it does not even resemble Divine Goodness and Love. Nevertheless, the Mercy of my Son will send His word, which will again be rejected.... nevertheless my Son in His Infinite Mercy will send from His House help for all His people through His Messenger. Humanity, what do you know about my Son if you do not know the Scriptures? Humanity, what can you know about my Son if you do not love Him, if you do not delve into Him? Humanity, how can you cling to the one you reject?.... But the One whom you reject loves you infinitely.... and when you cry out sincerely, from the heart, He listens to you, renews you, cleanses and embraces you, but for this you must be humble and acknowledge Him, and call Him 'Father!' It is necessary that you ask Him for help and be prepared not to offend Him again. So many winds lurk for this humanity! ... Winds of war, winds of hatred, winds of plagues, winds of privation, winds of sorrow, winds of death.... Can these be sent by my Son? No! These are the winds that mankind produces because of its ignorance, lack of love and its own wickedness. Its own wickedness, not because my Son put it into mankind, but because man rejects my Son, evil takes its place, the place that corresponds to my Son, and reigns over man. My beloved children, do not hesitate, continue to recite the Holy Rosary, you attract me, my gaze immediately turns to those who flock to me in every Hail Mary, because as the Mother of the Word, in my maternal womb I protect each of the human creatures and bleed tears of blood for those who distance themselves, who reject my motherhood, but above all for those who reject the love of my Son. Humanity, pray, pray hard for Russia. It will awaken and spread pain everywhere and to all human beings. Mankind, pray, pray hard that you will be able to resist the snares of evil in its spawn that are on earth. Humanity, pray hard, it is not too late; pray whether the time is favorable or unfavorable, the earth is creaking. Humanity, you decide whether you are lost or saved; you are destined for Salvation, but your human free will chooses your Cross. I come to you and I will continue to give my Word to those who want to receive it, as my true children, to those who want to obey the law of my Son in order to attain eternal life. And to those who do not love me, I say: be assured that my Heart beats for you. I bless you. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 26 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I stand before you, waiting for you to give me your hand to guide you. Do not be afraid of my warnings, they are only a reflection of my Love, through which I want to warn you so that you do not fall. You are not alone, I am here, I am your Mother. I am constantly walking in front of you to protect you and to save you from evil at this time, when demons attack souls to take them to perdition. You are not alone, I am the Mother of all people, I love all, I seek all. While my Son is a pilgrim of love, I accompany him and implore him to listen to you. Beloved children, I have accepted you through the Cross of my Son. You are my beloved children whom I embrace, love, protect and defend; do not forget this. The 100th anniversary of my apparition at Fatima is approaching, and it pains me to see that they have not yet fulfilled everything I asked at Fatima to avoid greater misfortunes for mankind. Do not be careless, my children; the bear seems to be sleeping, but he is only preparing to attack. Do not be careless, my children, delve into the Holy Scriptures, get to know my Son so that you may truly love Him. My beloved ones, you will find so many failures! You will find so many failures in those moments when my warnings are fulfilled! My children are not strong in faith, they easily break down and become impatient when they do not see the immediate fulfillment of My warnings. But my Son owns the time. He is the eternal present and everything happens according to His will, not according to the will of my children. I have warned of the great calamities that will befall mankind, and right now most of them are being fulfilled, because I am calling you and presenting you with future events for your conversion, for you to fulfill the conditions that God's Will requires of you. But still, in the midst of my constant calls, the people of my Son remain blind and deaf. I will continue to call upon you. As the Mother of love, I call upon you not to fall, and I continue to warn you as the Mother and Advocate of humanity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the earth does not stop, every moment it shakes with greater force. Events will happen so fast that there will be no time for you to help each other. But in the midst of all these events, all who keep their faith in me, all who ask for my protection, will not be abandoned. Do not be afraid of my warnings, love them, accept them, so that you will be sure of where to go and what conditions my Son demands of his children. My Son's people are persecuted, my children are persecuted, but the cause of this persecution is evil. At this moment, corruption has led man to accept everything that is offered to him. This country, which has shown itself to the world as a great defender, is part of the pain of my Son's people. Values in man have declined so much that people agree to immoral compromises behind the backs of humanity in order to hurt the mystical body of my Son, but ignore the fact that my Son is a power in himself and that every moment his people are being strengthened more and more. The faithfulness, prayer, awareness and perseverance of my children strengthens those who suffer, those who are in pain. At the end of time, the devil will persecute my Son's people with great perseverance; most know these words, but at the moment refuse to accept them. When faith is insufficient and conviction incomplete, warnings from love become terror. Beloved children, nature - the work of the Father's hands - rebels against man, and man will suffer for it. Pray for Chile, my children, this land I have visited will suffer greatly. I did not rest, warning my children. I do not want them to be lost; I want them to be away from everything that means sin. You know the Commandments of God's Law, which cannot be changed or adapted to the moment in which man lives. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, observe the Commandments; come to receive my Son in His Body and Blood. Talk to my Son in the Shrine, tell Him your misfortunes, He is man's best friend. Pray for the United States; they will suffer greatly from nature and at the hands of their enemies. Pray for Nepal; your brothers need you. How persistently my Son seeks you on the paths of human life! And man rejects Him again and again. My Son desires to bring His people to an encounter with Him, and for this purpose He sends His mercy, so that everyone examines himself. Prepare yourselves accordingly, do not let my Words go unheeded. Pray, my children, pray for the violence in the Middle East; it will resurface and more human beings will suffer because of the stupidity and senselessness of the rulers of the great powers. How my Son will punish humanity because of those who do not listen to Him! They will suffer so much pain because of the great offense that man commits in ending his free will gift of life! Evil has infiltrated the hearts of people, and since evil knows well how it hurts the Heart of my Son when wickedness ends the gift of life - evil has thrown itself upon those who do not love my Son to end the lives of my Son's people. Beloved children, you think that peace is permanent because most of those who read and listen to my Words do not suffer from war, but this is not the case. Quickly the sounds of war are approaching man, all of humanity. Right now, the satellites of communism are holding in their bowels the weapons necessary to attack their brethren. It seems that evil is advancing, but this is only the acquiescence of my Son, so that you may be aware that without Him you are nothing. I see how much souls are suffering in hell, loneliness and abandonment by my Son, endless and indescribable. I want you not to be lost, that's why I warn and warn you again and again. I call you again and again to be united. You must remain united so that together you will cry out to my Son for those who suffer and for those who have fallen prey to the powerful. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I will bring by the hand of the one who will be a consolation to the people of my Son. The House of the Father has never forsaken His own, and therefore He sends the helper of His people - with wisdom and Infinite Love - to soften hardened Hearts and lead you to meet the Divine. My children, pray, the East Coast of the United States will be shaken. Pray, my children, for Japan, do not omit it from your prayers. Beloved ones, the sun is getting closer and closer to man because of the ice that has paralyzed love in humanity. It is coming closer, and you will feel the burning. What can science do before the power of the Divine Will, which wants to alarm and awaken its people? Beloved children, an asteroid is approaching Earth. Be aware of it. You may ask me: 'What can we do? And I answer: when the heart is in good disposition and the mind is prepared to know the depths of my Son's love and my motherhood, a person is prepared to face absolutely everything. The one who denies my Word and the Word of my Son is the one who has not delved into knowledge.... is the one who ignores the cause of God's calls.... is the one who looks at me from afar.... is one who does not know Divine Love.... beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, cease your quarrels among mine! Unite yourselves in the Heart of my Son! No one is greater than another, for the greatest is the least. Be obedient, my children! Time is no longer time. Be obedient to my calls, to my warnings; be obedient to my Son, do His will. Pray, pray the Holy Rosary, pray, my children, being witnesses to the love of my Son. Drive away from you all discord, remove from your hearts hatred, resentment, lack of understanding, intolerance. Fight against the human 'I', tear it down and make Divine Love prevail in its place. I remain here before you to help you always. You must strive for my Son, and in order to achieve this, you must have a generous spirit and a Heart of Flesh, in which love should never be lacking. A creature that does not allow love to blossom in its Heart is in the greatest danger, because evil will more easily lodge in it. Children, you know well my exhortations, my requests, but I do not want you to only know them; I want you to put them into practice in every heart, in every family, in every community, in every region and in every country. Let unity and oneness reign! My children, do not let your free will prevail over you, do not let your Heart lose its peace, even for a moment. Fight with all your strength to remain in the Will of my Son, this weakens evil. If you want to fight evil, be love 'strive first for the Kingdom of God and its justice, and all this will be given to you. My children, you have waited so long for the Great Tribulation, and you are already experiencing it! It will reach all of you, because it goes slowly, preparing the ground well, but it will reach all human beings, all countries. Therefore, I urge you to be together as one. Forgiveness must be at the ready. Remember that even on the cross, my Son forgave the one who asked him for forgiveness and acknowledged him as his God. My children, be attentive. Creation longs for the man God the Father created, because at this moment, because of his free will, man has been penetrated by all the evil given to him. I bless you, I love you, do not move away from my Immaculate Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 30 2015 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of my people, I suffer with you, I sorrow with you, I weep with you, I lament with you.... Beloved of my people, do not doubt - not for a moment - that I protect you. You are my people, and in obedience to my Father's will I gave my life for you. To Me you are a 'pearl of great value ', to Me you are My children in whom I delight. My beloved people, do not lose faith; you know that your body may be taken away, but your soul.... your soul they cannot take away. Therefore I am before you, so that you may not waver, so that you may be assured that I am watching you every moment and suffering with you. I rejoice with you, because you are giving your lives for Me, loving your brothers, serving others, giving your lives in My Name. You will sit at my table. My children, receive Me in My Body and My Blood in the Eucharist, feed on Me, so that your faith will not falter and your spiritual strength will remain constantly with you as you receive Me. Receive me every day as if it were the first time, because that is how I look at you. When you come to me sincerely and with a strong intention to improve and ask me to forgive you for your sins, I see you as if it were the first time. Behold how great is my Love for my people.... my children, my Church will suffer even more than it is suffering. It will suffer at the hands of those who do not love Me and persecute you. It will suffer at the hands of those in my own Church who love me falsely and have taken it upon themselves to overthrow me, leading my people to rebel against me and leading my people to rebel against my Commandments. All this is a plan - completely orchestrated by Satan - to prepare the way and the public appearance of the one who will mercilessly persecute my children, the antichrist. Right now you see terrorism persecuting my people, mercilessly and without fear of offending me. His goal is to make your brothers suffer if they do not adhere to his beliefs. My side is bleeding, and blood and water are constantly flowing from it. I grieve for my people, and I grieve for those beings who have given themselves up and made a pact with Satan. Those beings who vilely murder their brothers have made a covenant with evil. My people, my beloved people, there is another terrorism, equally dangerous and hidden, it is a silent terrorism that takes the lives of millions of human beings. My Heart is constantly bleeding because of this silent terrorism; abortion is part of it. My Mother suffers so much from this crime!!! Injuries against the innocent are part of this silent terrorism, immorality, dishonesty, rampant and perverted sex between beings of the same sex, weapons of mass destruction - and not only the ones they will use in war, because man does not create what he will not use, but also weapons of mass destruction, such as those produced in laboratories to completely collapse the health of my people, presenting them with lies, false expectations of health. Children, this is how this silent terrorism moves, which includes all my children. Those who are powerful and intoxicate the human body through contaminated food are also complicit in this terrorism, they will be severely punished by me. My most beloved people, this is why I have called you to awaken, to come out of the lethargy in which you have been living, so that you will know the tentacles that steam the power on which the persecutor of my Church will rise. Delve into my Word, get to know me deeply, delve into everything that surrounds you, so that you will know on your own what depraved minds have risen up behind you to silently annihilate you. My children, just as the earth shook and the heavens opened when I died on the cross, so the blood of so many innocents makes the earth tremble, causing even greater earthquakes and making the waters of the sea rise above the land. All things created by my Father's hand live in harmony, fulfilling the mission for which they were created; and man - created by my Father's hand in his image and likeness - continually despises all that my Father has given him. But this creation vibrates in my Father's love, and knowing the cruel acts of my people's persecutors and the lamentations of the innocent, everything created by my Father's hand laments, and man suffers and will suffer. Mankind has so disobeyed the warnings of my Mother! Therefore, mankind will suffer its disgrace. My most beloved people, do not be afraid. Feed on Me in the Eucharist. Visit Me in the sanctuary, for 'I am who I am. Man continues his mad race, producing weapons for war, not realizing that the greatest and most dangerous weapon is lack of consciousness, which masters the mind of man and leads him to hardness of heart, forgetting that his brothers are just like him. My children, my legions are prepared to guard the four corners of the earth, waiting only for the signal of my hand to implement my Will on Earth. Man lives a restless life. Time is not time, and just as it dawns without man's participation, night falls; and time is not time. Everything is disturbed. One cannot predict the weather, because the seasons are not marked as they used to be. You cannot enjoy the sea water because it is contaminated by the mad arms race of the great powers. Pray, my children, for Japan. Pray for the United States; it will be shaken and nuclear energy will strike its people, contaminating in turn a large part of humanity. Man continues his life.... because he thinks it is owned by man. People do not include me in their lives unless they are afraid or when some emergency forces them to remember me. Although I am Mercy and overflow with mercy to my children, remember that I spit out the lukewarm: 'Since you are lukewarm, neither cold nor hot, I will spit you out of my mouth, this is the moment of all moments when my people must come to me in spirit and in truth; and - even if out of fear of events - if those who decide to change their lives forever, with the firm intention of changing, come and approach me, I will embrace them. Beloved people of My Heart, you will see with great amazement before your eyes how the temples are closed to prevent My faithful from entering My House, but I am in each of you, and to the extent that you have received Me, so I will multiply infinitely in every spiritual communion, strengthening you with the communions you have previously received. My most beloved people, do not forget my Mother, that full of grace, that pure, blessed virgin Mary. Pray, pray the Holy Rosary to my Mother, and at the same time, according to my Will, bring my Word and my Mother's Word to your brothers and sisters who do not yet know that they must awaken. My children, do not rest, warn your brothers so that your brothers will change. It is not too late, but this generation is on its way to slaughter. My dearest ones, I have brought you my Word so many times to warn you of this danger, which is worse than any disease a person can suffer from! I speak of communism, which is strengthening before your eyes and will spread the suffering of all mankind, and it is caused by people without God, people who have no love, who are controlled by ambition and power, which lead them to subjugate My children. Remember, my children, that everything that hangs in space and belongs to man will fall to man. Do not forget, my children, that humanity will suffer its own disgrace. Pray, my children, for Hawaii; they will cry out in pain. Pray, my children, pray. The earth will continue to shake vigorously, without diminishing its intensity, and this will cause the volcanoes to activate, one by one. I am not punishing you. You children are receiving a reaction for your evil deeds. You are transgressing My Law, and for this you will suffer. Prepare yourselves my children, prepare yourselves, because I am coming to you so that you will look at yourselves and each one will judge himself before I come in my second coming. My beloved children, you will see how the leaders of the great powers are fighting against each other. You will see with your own eyes how those who call each other every day today will betray each other in the future, because at the moment man does not know loyalty or brotherhood, but lives instead in a frantic struggle for power over the world, forgetting that I own creation. With great foolishness they separate peoples, and with great foolishness and pride they pass judgment on nations. But I will overtake the pride of the powerful, and they will suffer for it. The bear awakens slowly, as if it were in hibernation, but when it awakens it will roar over the small and humble to destroy them. Look at the sky, my children, look at the signals and signs in these moments. Give your hand to my Mother to bring you to me and intercede on your behalf. Man betrays himself with great passivity, as his mind works without hesitation, allowing rage, resentment and hatred to overwhelm him. My most beloved people, go on without rest. Strengthen one another, serve one another, obey my most beloved priests, those who are faithful to me; they speak to you with the truth, my truth recorded in the Bible. Do not accept any other teaching, for he who denies My Righteousness will lead My people to perdition and will quickly deliver them into the hands of the Antichrist. This is the moment of all moments, do not forget it! And those who say that I frighten you through my beloved prophet are those who want to live without any effort, without giving their all, without struggling on the roads, without assaults, without trials. These are those who want to live without spirituality, with false religiosity; and at this moment my people are being tested so that they remain prepared to firmly reject the antichrist; otherwise they will fall prey to the horror and deception of the antichrist. So many deny this spawn of evil that is among you and is already preparing his great throne! It will wash away all those who have not delved into the knowledge of my Mother's revelations for this moment. That is why, in the last calls from my House, we have insisted on knowing the past revelations of my Mother for this moment. No one will escape this moment of trial. Beloved children, unite! You are all God's creation! Unite and be prepared! Remember that unity is strength and that I have kept my disciples united, and I command you to remain united, because united you will be able to defend yourselves with greater strength. You will be measured in love, in love for your fellow man, for your neighbors, for those close to you and for yourselves. My House has already manifested to you all the coming events. The vast majority do not believe, but those who have not obeyed or believed will feel that they are losing their sanity in the midst of the onslaught. My most beloved nation, politicians will rise up against my people and against me, because they belong to Freemasonry, which rules the world and wants to rule absolutely all my children. Wake up, children! Do not let the slightest sign pass you by! Do not reject these calls. I constantly take you by the hand, do not reject the motherhood of my Mother towards you. Whoever wants to call himself a Christian must face evil and not fall into temptation; and for this you must unite to defend yourselves, because evil will constantly cast snares on you to ridicule you and to make you fall before your brothers, so that your brothers will completely reject you. My dearest children, be prepared to receive these attacks of evil, and my Holy Spirit will enlighten you to continue to walk without falling and will give you the strength to get up if you fall. My dear children, there will be a comet that will shake all of humanity. Stay at home. Have holy water at hand. In all homes there must be a Bible, in all homes consecrate a place in the house to place a small altar with a picture of My most holy Mother and a crucifix, and consecrate the house to My holy will so that I can protect you at the necessary moments. You must protect each other in order to remain strong, because I have called each of you to participate as an apostle of the end times, evangelizing my people who are plunged in a desperate race toward the unknown, which I call sin. You are the pupil of my eye, but do not abuse my Mercy. I remain at your side; you will not lack My comfort or My Word, but remain faithful to Me. Do not adopt any ideology contrary to My Will. I am coming at My Second Coming to heal the sick, feed the hungry, protect those who suffer from the cold and punish the proud. Go together, united; your Jesus loves you and will not allow His people to be overthrown. Receive my Blessing in the Name of the Father, in my Name and in the Name of my Holy Spirit, Amen. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 02 2015 - Saint Michael the Archangel
Children of Christ, King of the Universe, in obedience to the Will of God, I come to you, the people of our King, to ask you once again to be faithful to Christ, and thus to be vessels of the Holy Spirit. Humanity needs faithfulness; renew your allegiance to the Holy Trinity and your ancient love for our Queen and Lady of Heaven and Earth. Our Queen commands our heavenly legions and all legions surrender at Her feet. Children of the Most High, be aware that you are no longer as you were in the past. The man of this moment has gone forward and in doing so has manipulated human genetics and will continue to do so, transgressing divine law and wanting to equate himself with God, until he no longer has control over what he creates, he will deform what God created, creating monsters. Beloved of our King, those who rule nations are not loyal to their citizens, they deliver their citizens into the wrong hands, so these nations will be treated despicably, reducing their decision-making, their food and limiting their freedom, so they will be completely dependent on the rulers, until every person of every nation believes that they cannot live without a ruler, even being oppressed. Beloved, there are powerful families from ancient times that have taken control of mankind; these families are the descendants of the great Freemasons and 'illuminati'. These are non-Christian sects that have power over the decisions of all mankind and remain close to the Church of Christ the King to attack, distort and destroy it.... Pay attention! Freemasonry is presented as a new universal religion. Those who are economically the most powerful control mankind; they have bound governments by giving them economics to keep them in their grip, and in this way they oppress nations with invalid laws. Freemasonry is fatal to the children of Christ and to the children of the Mother and Queen of Heaven and Earth. Their goal is to rule, to elevate the Antichrist to the chair of Peter's primacy on earth, at a time when it is convenient for them. At this point, these families decide on the reduction of humanity, regardless of the cost of this action, and most of the members of Christ's church ignore this, because they live their lives without being interested in what is happening around them. When a person is a conformist - and that's what this generation has become - he is content just to live with what he wants, without thinking about where these things come from; he doesn't think about who produces what comes into his hands - sometimes what comes into your hands comes from the tears of innocent captives, the hungry, the bloodied and the raped. Children of Christ, I come to make you awake, to make you understand that it is not enough to pretend to do the will of Christ; pretending is not enough if it doesn't solidify quickly. At this moment, just as mankind has developed in every way, it must also develop spiritually and struggle to understand the urgency of implementing the disposition of radical change, where the first and urgent thing must be to submit to the Divine Will, the Commandments, and thus be faithful to Christ and His Law, which cannot be changed in any way, just because man wants it at the moment, to satisfy the supposed development of mankind. If man tries to change even one word of God's law, at that moment he will fully open the door for the antichrist to control most people's minds, thus beginning the development of his strategy to possess souls. Later, once he has taken control of human creatures, he will make them his brothers' greatest persecutors. My call is urgent. Humanity does not want to delve into the truth, because it fears the truth when it knows it has not been faithful to Christ or our Queen. Therefore, the human will betrays man when he does not choose to give himself with all his strength to the Holy Spirit, so that the Holy Spirit will give him strength and pour out His gifts on man. I have seen their downfall, those who called themselves faithful to God, and at this moment serve Satan as part of his devilish legions. There are people who judge the word sent by the Heavenly Father; there are people who judge the word of our Queen of Heaven and Earth. Because of this same pride and arrogance, I have seen those who were at the Father's side fall. No man can call himself absolutely faithful; instead, he must wait to be called faithful by the Holy Trinity. You know that you are experiencing the beginning of the Tribulation, and with this beginning man has so degenerated his mind and his thoughts that we, his guardians, remain in a constant battle with evil, which instantly and before his eyes instills all the wickedness that Satan possesses, so that man chooses Satan and thus separates himself from his King and accepts everything sinful offered to him by Satan. Beloved of our King, you are not aware of the reality, and this leads you to a masked struggle against sin. Unfortunately, because you are controlled by your free will, you fall consciously and fall into sin. Satan will attack man where man loses control, the economy is destabilized and will usher in a general collapse throughout the world, and those who are not spiritually strong will give their lives to evil in exchange for the false economic security that the microchip provides; others will end their lives because of money. Humanity is falling, the faith of a true and faithful apostle must be constantly nurtured. You will not be saved just by remaining a member of the church; your life must be a testimony until your last breath. Beloved of Christ the King, pray earnestly for Russia. Humanity will suffer because of Russia. Pray, children of Christ the King, pray for China. China is lashing out at humanity and will scourge it. Pray. Volcanoes will continue to escalate, awakening one by one, and nations will suffer because of it. Pray for the Church and its hierarchy; it will be badly shaken; schism is imminent. Pray for Colombia; it will suffer at the hands of nature. Beloved of Christ the King, these are moments when you must be united, and each of you in particular must prepare yourselves, know the Word of God deeply so that you will not be deceived; you must study so that the enemy of the soul will not make you lose your way; so that you can find eternal life. Daily unite yourselves with the Body and Blood of our King in the Eucharist, where we guard the souls who receive Him worthily. Our Queen and Mother will ultimately guide us against evil. It is necessary for each of you to make an effort not to live a false religiosity, but to delve into love, so that you live united with the Holy Trinity, so that faith, hope and love will prevail, so that you will draw more from the Holy Spirit, so that you will come to understand true love. The Holy Trinity has sent me, as a protector of men, to awaken you at the moment you awaken. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 06 2015 - Jesus Christ
My most beloved people, I bless you. Every prayer you make, every deed you do or work you do in my Will is precious incense that rises toward me and anoints me like oil that heals my wounds, wounds that my own children constantly inflict on me when they give themselves over to what is mundane and transient. You who call yourselves my people must be very aware that all around you are brothers who have given themselves over to evil, and therefore my children must redouble your prayers and your actions in my Will. I go before my people and lead them; at no time do you go alone. Do not look to the past, for it has passed. Do not be discouraged by thinking about the future; the future is My property and is in My hands as long as you give it to Me.... the present is not the present, it is the moment, and you must work right now, at this moment, to reap the harvest in My Will. Be assured that if you are faithful to Me, I will not abandon you. Do not waste precious moments of your life, staggering around, trying to understand the future when it has not yet arrived. You know well the events, and these persevere, advancing towards man. You must prepare yourselves for this, so that what is coming will not lull you to sleep, but will prepare you spiritually, so that in the moments when the tribulation will intensify and my people will be put to a great test, your faith will not falter and you will continue to be my inheritance. My dearest people, my Heart burns with love for you, but not all who say they live in my Will actually live fully in my Will, because he who lives in my Will keeps the Commandments without exception. So there is still a lot of work to be done in the inner field of the human Will, so that you can be truly sure that you are living in my Will. Who lives in my Will, does not look to himself, but to his brother, because he sees me in his brother, loves me and offers himself for me? My dearest ones, although you are my people, you still live between the mundane and my Will, in total instability. This pains me, because sometimes you do not treat me with due love and respect, you offer me repeated prayers said in haste, as if you wanted to fulfill a duty so that you can return to your human activities. My people should pray from within, meditating on every word they offer to me, living them to unite with me. I do not want these repetitive prayers recited in haste, because they offend Me, because I see that you treat Me carelessly. My beloved people, I suffer so much from man when I see the human Heart turned to stone, insensitive to everything and to the gift of life! You must know that at this moment there are human beings who, in complete freedom, have agreed to give themselves to Satan; they have renounced being My children and have agreed to be Satan's children. Overwhelmed with rage and lust for revenge against my children, they are pouncing like wolves, like predators on my people, persecuting them from one country to another. My temples will be closed, but my people must not go astray, for they will continue to gather to hear my Word, they will continue to receive me in the Eucharist. Beloved of my people, my Church will be shaken in its structure, and you as my mystical body will be greatly shaken. A division is imminent in my Church, a division that my Mother has repeatedly foretold to you. Schism will soon take place in my Church. My beloved ones, all is not lost, you can still repent and plead for my Mercy, for my Mercy will never be closed to my children. However, I would not be a Just King if I did not give back to everyone what he has collected. Therefore, My Justice is close at hand, attracted by the evil deeds of people. You are already experiencing my Justice and are not converting, you are not aware of the importance and extent of my call and the constant calls of my Mother. I gave you free will so that you could decide between good and evil, so that you could distinguish between good and evil, but by ignoring the calls from My House, you have become 'poor children of Eve' and have become lukewarm. Those who are lukewarm will be spit out of my mouth for their indecision, for being moments with me and for being (other) moments doing what is evil. At this moment that this generation is alive, the signs and signals are swift and abundant. You can see from afar how your brothers are suffering at the hands of nature; however, these events are approaching all countries of the world. Where the earth has never trembled, there it will tremble; where people have not suffered from a volcano, there they will suffer; volcanoes and lands that were dormant will emerge from the sea, and mankind will suffer. My beloved people, you have sinned beyond other generations, and for this you bring down upon yourself My Justice. Creation, the work of God's hands for the sake of man, has been treated mercilessly, has been wounded and is groaning because of it. This land, the cradle of mankind, will open up in several countries to your surprise and admiration. Even the great powers are not completely betraying their weapons, and are using all their intelligence along with the teachings provided to them by our Holy Spirit to self-destruct. Pray, my people, for Japan. It will suffer even more. Pray, my people, pray for the United States. They will suffer greatly because of nature. It will suffer where sin is more than abundant, where indifference to Me is more than abundant and where I have been cast out of My children. Pray, my people, pray for Peru. Nature will call them to return to me. My children, you will continue to suffer from the volcanoes. You must remain vigilant; the earth will continue to tremble and My children will suffer. Do not forget that I am protecting and preserving you, my angelic legions remain by your side to comfort you in this valley of blessings, which man has turned into a valley of tears, the continuing suffering of mankind. The west coast of the United States will be surprised. The sun will shine on mankind, and the moon will arrive immediately when it gets dark. The sun will put humanity on high alert. And the signs of my nearness will be constantly visible. Be prepared, my children, do not push me aside. I need a people of courage.... a people who will not forget Me.... a people who obey My Law, who will not deform it, who will not modify it.... a people faithful to me.... a people who will not love me in order to save face before their brothers, for I know your depth. I need a people united, where my children, my true children, will love their brothers in truth and in spirit. So many crucibles come to you, my beloved people! I suffer so much because of this! my Mother sheds tears of blood in various homes or temples, proclaiming that this pain is a new sword in her Heart; but you do not return to me, you plunge into mundane promiscuity and debauchery at times when all those beings who do not remain certain that they are my property are led by evil spirits to fall. I need healthy and deeply spiritual people uniting in my Will, so that my Holy Spirit will guide you and that you will listen. I don't want Christians who only come to me on Sundays.... I don't want half-asleep Christians in front of me or in front of my sanctuary.... I want children who are awake and attentive, children who know the machinations of the devil to make them victims of the antichrist who is already moving in your midst. I need a renewed people who will recognize the antichrist; otherwise they will be deceived and become his victims, and thus will be persecutors of My people, whom they claim to love. Do not forget that I protect you; do not forget that evil will not triumph; but do not forget that my children will be tested anew. Nevertheless, after the trial I will take you to rejoice in My peace, to sit at My table and enjoy eternal life. I don't want children who break down because of predictions of coming events. I want children with faith who will not be afraid, because they know that if I am with you, nothing will touch you. Beloved children, you have stopped praying the Trisagion, and where there is even one worshipper of the holy Trisagion, that place will be spared great evil. Love me, your King, for the King loves and defends his people. Evil will not survive; evil will be defeated by my Mother, by Saint Michael the Archangel, the protector of my people, and by my legions, who are your brothers, your fellow travelers. My peace is within you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 10 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal love spills over to all my children. I assure you that no matter how difficult the moments may be, I am and will be with you. The earth will be plunged into darkness, but I will light your way with the light of my Love. Beloved children, by Divine command I am revealing to you all that was, is and will be foretold by Me, so that spiritual blindness will no longer master you, and so that you will be able to dissolve the chains by which evil and ignorance - where humanity has plunged - want to mislead you and make you see My Son in the Antichrist. The Antichrist will appear through technological means along with the human means of those who have prepared his presentation before mankind. My Son will come in splendor and glory; all created things will recognize Him and kneel before Him, the heavens will open, giving way to the King of kings.... the stars will shine on the day as they have never shone before.... the sun will dance and emit many colors.... The wind will remain in complete stillness.... The moon will dance.... All vegetation will sprout.... The animal kingdom will join in to adore the one who is coming.... Your guardian angels, your traveling companions, will sing with one voice, and from Heaven will sound: Holy, holy, holy is the Lord, the God of Hosts. Heaven and earth are full of Thy glory! ... The earth will tremble with a great stir, recognizing the divinity; and those who have denied Him and given themselves into the hands of the devil will run back and forth, finding no place where they can hide; the mountains will not give them shelter, and they will find no place where they can hide.... before the astonished gaze of mankind, the invisible will become visible.... I will hear the lamentations of those who have denied my Son, the despair of the lukewarm who have served two masters, ignoring my calls; and I will hear the faithful people of my Son lie down on the ground and worship their King.... the universe will shake from the stirring, and from the earth man will be able to hear how everything that exists in the universe makes itself known, so that all people will be certain that my Son is King. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I am Mother, and I offer my mediation to all so that they may draw near to my Son; and as the Advocate of all mankind, I am the Mother of mercy. I have revealed to mankind all that is to come, so that people will devote themselves to conversion before the night comes and they cannot see the Divine Light; yet I am despised again and again by those who do not love me and have given themselves over to the powers of hell. It pains me to mention that exercising power over one's fellow man through force and injustice has become a fashion that attracts many young people and children who join the terror applied to humanity by those who have sold their souls to evil, managing to turn young people and teenagers into repeaters of uncontrolled, debauched behavior, having only one way to satisfy this fashion, and that is to ruthlessly kill people faithful to God. Evil despises the gift of life, and even more so when it is offered immediately to give glory to God. Humanity begins its suffering, the crucible is ignited, man will see much more terror forged by the same man and his disobedience. My Son ascended and rose from the dead; He gives Himself to His children in His Body and His Blood on the altar; He calls them to inner renewal in a spirit of generosity. And what does man do? He turns his back on my Son.... poor humanity! They abandon themselves. They hold idols in every aspect of their lives; they admire what is powerful in the world and applaud the demonstrations of power of the great powers of this world. My beloveds, Russia's military might was not displayed to be admired, but for the world to know what it will be attacked with. It is a cry in silence for you to see the power of the one who will hurl himself at humanity, using the small countries with which he has made faithful alliances to confirm his power, and which at the moment are satellites of the great destroyer, communism. At Fatima, I warned against communism and its destructive power. They looked at my requests from a distance, afraid to name Russia, and now they are one step away from this power - which they refused to silence when I asked them to - that has struck all of humanity. The greatest destroyer of humanity has not yet been shown, it remains protected, and that is nuclear power. The great nation of the north, the United States, will be communist without being communist; it will abhor my Son and thus attract chaos upon its people. A civil war will come that will cause great pain to the people. It will not be long before this comes to the United States. My Son's Church will be communist without being communist; it will adopt norms that are not the Will of my Son in order to attract more followers who will later become critics of my Son.

May 13 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, may my blessing in each of my children be an awakening to a new dawn. Beloved children, just as the doe seeks water to quench her thirst, so must each of my children seek refuge in my Son to quench their thirst for love. Man continues to confuse the path to union with my Son, his stubbornness has made him a victim of the actions of evil, and his wickedness distances him from the path to Salvation. The way for humanity is obedience. Just as My Son was obedient to the Father's Will, you too must subdue the stony Heart, distractions, misguided desires, cravings, and above all the human ego, to strengthen obedience and the will, so that it will lead you all to Salvation. There is no Salvation without God, without obedience, without faith, without sacrifice, without self-giving, without acting and working in the likeness of my Son. Disobedience is the king of all man's woes. Disobedience hardens the heart, fogs up reason, closes down thinking, and transforms man into a spiritually incapacitated being in whom evil operates freely, until - through constant temptation - evil overpowers the human creature and leads him to commit acts that are shocking, unimaginable to man. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, these are decisive moments for the people of my Son; constancy in solid faith is the support on the path that keeps my children in constant Calvary. Evil does not rest, and you neglect your spirituality and forget to stick to the right path. You stop at the slightest distraction; you watch the actions and work of your brothers to judge them without reason. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, these are not moments for those who continue to falter.... this moment is for you to decide to love my Son.... to observe the law contained in the Commandments.... delve into the knowledge of the Word of God.... respect the Sacraments and observe them.... accept the Beatitudes as the norm of life. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the abyss is before every human creature. I call upon you and stretch out my hand to you, so that you may take it and not go astray. Humanity will know the fruits of disobedience if it does not take my calls seriously in the places where I have appeared. My request at Fatima has not been fulfilled, this is a serious matter, a serious matter. I call on you and find no answer; there are a few creatures who choose to follow a new path to save themselves. Evil has put all its strategies and lies in front of mankind, depraving people's minds to divert them from the purpose for which they were created. Man, endowed with gifts, used some of them for evil purposes. Those who participated in the creation of all things that led man to fall into the hands of Satan and destroy each other without a second thought, these ones must repent before the Warning and must repent with the firm purpose of change. Every person must examine himself; no one is free from sin. Beloved children, it pains me to see how humanity suffers; I intercede for you, but what can a mother do if a person continues in this accelerated race toward evil and refuses to change? My beloved ones, the roar of battle is closer to humanity, and an unsuspecting person will be kidnapped unexpectedly at dawn. Pray, my children, for the United States; it will suffer at the hands of terrorism and nature. The hatred in people's hearts comes only from evil, which with its poison has hardened people's feelings to make people performers of the wickedness of the same demons. Pray, my children, for Israel; he will mourn. Man's suffering will intensify when the earth trembles; you will see peoples fall. Pray, my children, pray for Japan and for Chile. My children, the lie is advancing at a rapid pace; do not be distracted. You can imagine the battle between the bear and the eagle, as well as the lamentations of those who were fed by the eagle, who will be betrayed and brought down to earth. Pray, my children, the Yellowstone volcano threatens humanity. I urge you to abide in prayer, fed - with proper preparation - with the Body and Blood of my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, stay away from worldliness. Evil is creating new forms of attacks, especially against the youth, in order to destroy them. Stay away from all that is mundane and sinful, because you cannot see evil, for it hides in what is most harmless. My children, be obedient, for this Mother wants to keep you in My Heart. Moments are disappearing from people's lives, just as moments of tribulation are approaching humanity. I bless you by opening my Heart to all, so that they can enter away from evil and take refuge. Children, evil will purify people, but it will not prevail. My Son is returning in His Second Coming in glory, power and majesty. I remain constantly with my children since the sun illuminates the earth until evening. I bless you, My children. I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 17 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. I remain here as the Ark of Salvation to save you from evil in those moments when man's enemy shows him the broad road to be traversed by man in human freedom tainted by constant sin. You, the people of my Son, beloved in my Heart, come to me, enter this Ark of Salvation, that you may not be lost.... I cover you at all times, I do not distance myself from you.... I, as the Mother of love, take you in my arms, each of you, as if you were the first to come to me.... most beloved children, mankind is shaken; Satan masters people more easily when they allow themselves to be seduced by deception, by the easy ways of sin, when they allow themselves to choose a path that does not lead them to abide by the norms of my Son. Remain vigilant, my beloved, schism in my Son's Church is near. There will be confusion, people will not know which way to choose, they will think it is all over, but this sign will be a great sign that my Son will allow in the face of humanity's disobedience. Children of my Immaculate Heart, do not wait a moment longer, because at this moment you are already in the Great Purification. My Son needs a solid people, a people of unshakable faith, a people of boundless trust, a people of love, a people of brotherhood, so that the dragon that has awakened will not feed on those who are faithful. Most beloved children, gird your loins with the love of my Son, and do not let those who approach you with evil intentions cause you to fall and remain in the mud. Do not cast your pearls before swine', but do not keep for yourselves the knowledge that my Son has allowed to reach each of you. Be merciful, do not keep this precious treasure to yourselves, share it with your brothers, kindle the faith of those who are still asleep, and take the blindfold off the eyes of those who live, sinning all the time, as if they were blind. Lift up your eyes, do not despise the signs of the times, for they will look at you more often, warning you of the Second Coming of my Son, warning you to repent. Every moment is an opportunity for man to convert, because no matter how close you think you are to my Son and on His path, temptation can lead you to falter when you least expect it. Children, you anoint my Heart with the balm of your love for the Almighty, but my maternal Heart bleeds and is pained because not all my children love my Son, not all listen to His word; some despise it so much that they constantly throw it in the trash, like those pagans who worshipped false gods and indulged in all kinds of insults against the Holy Trinity you, my children, apostles of the end times, pray unceasingly, and after praying, put this prayer into practice, being a lamp that lights the way of your brothers. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the Will of my Son is not fulfilled in you. The unlimited world carries a great responsibility for humanity, which has been imprisoned by sin, which leads man to the antichrist and his followers. My children, who are in a constant struggle to fulfill the Will of my Son, do not waste a moment, for the enemy of the soul does not waste time. We know that evil keeps you in constant trial, from which you will emerge victorious, if only you remain in the Will of my Son. Do not be afraid. I am constantly watching over you, protecting you and helping you to overcome the trials. My Son's people have never been abandoned, nor has my Son ever disregarded the prayers of His people, as long as they come from the depths of the heart. I urge you to pray, my children, I urge you to pray for Japan. Once again she will suffer, the earth will tremble. I urge you, my children, to pray for this land of Puerto Rico, so that all the children in this land will recognize my presence and not despise me, and thus the coming events may diminish. Pray, my children, pray tirelessly for Peru. It will tremble strongly. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the dragon has awakened and is pouncing on those who are mine to kill them, but the way of my Son is the way of Salvation and eternal life, you will not perish. The body is destructible, but the soul, the soul remains eternal. My beloved ones, pay attention to Communism, in one moment it will rise against humanity and formally begin the Third World War. The hierarchy of my Son's Church has rejected my call that averted tragic consequences for this generation, which I love infinitely. Suffering is imminent and the prayers of my faithful children are reaching the throne of the Holy Trinity, giving birth to those who can still be saved. Do not be lukewarm. Children, decide on the path of conversion, decide to belong to Christ! My Son suffered for all, and His Mercy is before all, so that they will not perish in eternal fire, and I, as the Ark of the New Covenant, do not close my womb, I keep it open to smother all my children in it. Do not wait until the last minute, because at the last minute it may be too late, because you may not be able to repent of your sins. Time is not time. Time is getting shorter every moment, and I, as the Mother of love, implore you not to wait anymore, I implore you to already move away from everything that means sin! Come to me. Come to my Immaculate Heart, and I will take you by the hand and present you before my Son. I will guard you, I will make you invisible with my mantle before the eyes of those who persecute you, but you must fulfill one condition, to love my Son in spirit and truth. Do not forget that this Mother has embraced you at the foot of the Cross of Glory and Majesty. Do not reject my calls, for when you find yourself lost and persecuted.... even in those moments, if you admonish yourselves, I will come to you, but you must seek conversion at this very moment and in no other. Repent, children, so that you can enjoy Heaven in advance, even in the midst of great tribulation. My blessing remains within you; do not reject it, do not despise it; come to Me, children, come, as Mother I wait for you. My Heart beats fast when you look at Me, but it bleeds when you pull away from Me again. I love you, my children. Do not forget to pray the Holy Rosary and love my Son in the Blessed Sacrament of the altar. Be aware of Him whom you receive when you receive Him. Accelerate the acquisition of knowledge so that you will not be deceived by those who constantly set traps for you to fall into Satan's nets. The signal will come from above and mankind will know that my Son is warning them. May my Blessing on all my children be a weapon of faith and security, so that you do not fear and do not fall. I will remain with you at all times until together we surrender the earth to my Son. My blessing be upon you, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 20 2015 - Jesus Christ
My dearest children, I love and bless you. My children, the moment you read this Word of Mine with a humble and contrite Heart and sincerely repent for your transgressions, your sacramentals will be blessed with My Love. During my sojourn on earth, I called my disciples to be a witness to my works and deeds, and to come to live in my Father's will. They all had the same opportunity, some were attentive beforehand, not only to learn, but also to put into practice each of my instructions in their fellow human beings. My life was a constant work and action so that I could be my own witness to all generations. My disciples began to record - first in their hearts, filling them with my teaching - everything they saw and learned in their daily lives, and they were a testimony to each of my Words, but above all to my deeds. In the Holy Scriptures, my faithful people can find the answer to how to live a life closely aligned with my Father's will. It is no secret to any of my children that my Father acted with His justice when sin transgressed and poured the cup of mercy. On many occasions I acted with Divine justice, by which I emphatically left a great lesson that I am not only mercy, but also Divine justice as the Righteous Judge. This generation is constantly putting my Justice to the test, which I have not yet fully poured out, thanks to the intercession of my Mother, who rebukes you, my children. The demons persist tirelessly over mankind, because they do not sleep like humans, but feed on the sins of man, and because this generation constantly falls into sin, the demons multiply without ceasing. I let some of my faithful tools see how, through sin, the demons multiply with great speed. If each of you reading this Word of Mine could see how many demons are over mankind, they would tremble with fear and terror. Man is the one who multiplies sin.... Man is the one who manages to invent new ways of sinning.... Man is the one who offends me at once, even knowing that you are already in the great tribulation, and despite observing and experiencing the awakening of nature against mankind, even then they do not stop sinning and remain completely unaware of how sin affects them and how sin feeds the demons that possess myriads of souls. My beloved people, you offend Me so much! And you offend Me so much when you deny My Justice, seeking refuge under My Infinite Mercy! My Infinite Mercy I forgive the greatest sinners, if they come to Me truly repentant and with a firm and complete resolve to improve. But I do not see repentance or the goal of improvement; they do not reach me in most of those who come to confess their sins. They offend me even more with their lies, because I know the intentions, the goals of each of you. My children, I call sinners those who, without any mercy towards Me, continue to sin, even knowing that they are committing an abomination against Me. In addition to mortal sins, be aware of the existence of venial sins that separate you from Me, and the human creature must not become accustomed to them, because they weaken the human will and deprive you of many graces necessary to persevere and not fall into mortal sin. Free will controlled by the Heart leads creatures to commit sin, and this weighs heavily on the scales of My Justice when sinning becomes a habit. There are so many of My children who live constantly tormented by the sins they commit, and yet they do not repent of them! Woe to those who do not listen to my calls to repentance! Woe to those who do not see that the earth accepts the sins of the people! It is the earth that accepts the blood of my martyrs murdered in cruel ways. It is the earth that accepts human anguish and it is the earth that demands justice from me! I allowed nature to react against sin so that humanity would awaken. My people, I am the Righteous Judge, otherwise I would be an imperfect God, for I would condone debauchery and promiscuity. My beloved ones, humanly speaking, the great tribulation will increase day by day, because for you time in My Will has ceased to be time, and you live in moments; otherwise the pain you would have to endure because of so much resentment against My House and My Mother would be even greater. I see some who call themselves 'my children' and claim to practice my Commandments and say that they are Christians; I see how, with sword in hand, they act against the Word through which I explain myself to this generation with my tools.... They deny the divine power and the divine right to transmit my Word to my children in their language so that they can understand me more easily. They deny My Righteousness when man - through his own human will - attracted to himself the purification that I expected in My Will, but in view of so many sins and clinging to the same man for his constant disobedience, the purification accelerated, taking long strides and made a place for itself among men. Which man is so perfect? Who lives according to my Father's will? Who fully fulfills the will of my Father, so that He can tell me when and how to address my people? Reprehensible before me is the man who, considering himself worthy to dictate orders to me, does so publicly, in front of his brothers. A hypocrite is he who says that he does not sin! ... a hypocrite is he who judges his brothers! ... the hypocrite he who receives Me in My Body and My Blood, and in his conscience knows that his gaze, his ear and his word are not pure! They have not yet understood that with their malicious gaze, letting their thoughts fly far from me, they have already sinned. A hypocrite is he who says he does not sin! I will measure his deeds and actions when he is before me. For one more righteous person, for one more righteous person before me.... how much suffering could be avoided! Right now, man is a sinner of sinners and boasts a higher intelligence given by me, but uses it for evil. Those who rule humanity and its destiny through orders and the god of money will be betrayed by their brothers and will be severely punished by me. My people, my faithful people are being deceived. Weapons of war are being moved from city to city, and my children do not know this. Right now, nations with more power are supplying small countries with all kinds of weapons, even nuclear weapons, because they know that a third world war will break out in an instant. Ignorant is the one who does not recognize that at this moment rage is controlling people; otherwise you would not see so many senseless executions every day, you would not see daily aggression against the innocent, and you would not see every day the innocent behaving like savages as a result of their daily devotion to technology designed to teach them total violence. I have called and call upon humanity to free itself from misused technology, and even my faithful - or those who call themselves my faithful - do not obey my calls. Violence, anger and disobedience are present in every human creature, and only those who fight against the current of this world, only those who love me and seek to abide in union with me, are those who resist the temptation of misused technology. How they feed the industry created to defeat the righteous acts of man!.... How they feed, exalt and magnify with money those industries that were created to be receptors of capital, to raise the antichrist against you! Anything that harms man has as its sole purpose to sustain the public appearance of the antichrist and his appearance against my people. Reasoning in this way, I no longer call you with my Heart, I call you with my Justice.... reasoning this way, if you call yourselves my children and true Christians, then you cannot fuel the rise of the antichrist, you are not true if you continue to sick the flesh with all this polluted food to annihilate my people.... Understand this, you cannot call yourselves my children if you devour one another.... Understand this, you cannot call yourselves my children if you allow abused technology to saturate your minds with violence and anger, so that at this moment you approve and look on with indifference at the mass execution of your innocent brothers who profess faith in me. You devour each other, but do not raise your voice to fight injustice, to fight the hunger of your brothers. Can these be my true children and my true people? No! My beloved people, be attentive, do not waste a moment, not a single moment of your life on those who pounce on you like vultures, led by the devil, to stop your proper progress towards eternal life. The earth is groaning because of man's wickedness, and at this moment, while it is groaning, it is allowing the pain it holds in its bowels to leak out through volcanoes around the world. Pray, my children, for Italy. They will suffer at the hands of nature. The Etna volcano will wreak havoc, and terrorism - already in this my beloved land - will smile as people shed tears, seeing and experiencing firsthand the wickedness of those who act dominated by Satan. So many of my children have turned to terrorism and asked me to remove myself from their lives, blasphemed and accepted Satan as their Lord!.... How My House laments! My beloved people, as if it were empty, the earth will continue to open up in many parts of the world, desiring to renew itself; it will take to its depths what you now see as the surface. Pray, my children, pray for those who will suffer in Peru because of the force of nature. Pray for Chile; the volcanoes will continue to whip them, and the earth will tremble greatly. My children, go toward the place where My Mother appeared and left Her Word and Her Heart. My beloved people, the pestilence is still advancing and will reach the major cities at a time when you will have to face the evil deeds of these people. When this happens, go to my Mother to heal you. Do not wait until the last minute to beg for mercy.... repent now! For time is not of the essence. My beloved people, My Church will be seriously shaken, but My Law is written so that you will not be confused. My children are not confused because they know My Word and do not allow themselves to be deceived by the imperative wishes of Freemasonry fighting to destroy My mystical body. My kindest people, if necessary, I will come to free the captives if they are faithful to Me. My Mother... my Mother will come to bring my people help. I never abandon those who are Mine, and I will not do so in such harrowing moments as those which are beginning and which are already part of the Great Purification. From My House I will send My refuge to My people, to remind you that I am God and I do not abandon those who are Mine, so that My Word will be strengthened and resound in the Hearts of My faithful people, so that they will not be afraid. It will be revealed after the public manifestation of the antichrist, so that you, my faithful people, will not be confused. Pray, my children, for Jamaica, for she will suffer. Pray, my children, for the United States; oppression against my children will be experienced by the innocent, and the United States will be shaken and scarred by terrorism. Man works against my creation, pollutes my creation; and my Infinite Mercy works together with my Justice. I love you as your Lord and your God, and you respond to My House with disrespect, abomination, profanity, sin and even greater sin, slander, defamation and death.... Woe to those who touch and pervert some of My innocents! My beloved people, why do you fear the announcement of My Mother? Fear the one who does not live in my Will and lives by going against my Will or does not love his neighbor. Such despair because of the Warning! It is near, and in it everyone will have to face his own conscience! Repent now!... And do not be afraid. Repent now!... And do not be afraid. Act and work righteously! And do not be afraid. My beloved people, my executive angels are already in the north, in the south, in the east and in the west, and you do not react and continue in total disrespect for my House and my Mother! My Mother will continue to spread my Word throughout the world, and the signs in the sky will continue to announce to you that my Second Coming is near. My beloved people, unite in my Heart and in the Heart of my Mother, be one, for only true unity will prevent the devil from causing rifts and fissures among those who are Mine. I will continue to speak to you, to my faithful, to those who want to be attentive, to those who want to have their lamps lit, so that I will not find them sleeping. Go, strengthened by my Word and with firm faith, for I, your Lord and your God, will not abandon you. I bless you with my Love, so that you strive and conquer to live in my Will. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 23 2015 - Jesus Christ
Most beloved children, my Will remains before my people, like the sun that shines and gives life. My most beloved people, you must live by working and acting in my Will, that is, by being imitators of my works and my deeds, embodying my Word in your daily lives, like the faithful children of this King and Lord of yours that you are. When my children live according to my Will, they become partakers of the goods of my House, when they observe my Law and abide by the Sacraments.... when they love their neighbors as themselves.... when love goes before.... when hope is given to their brothers.... when faith does not falter, but stops to breathe, to continue to give encouragement to those who are losing courage.... when my children pray for their brothers and intercede for them with me.... but at the same time.... when my people are a people of action and put my Word into practice, this people fills me with joy and draws me to myself. My people must pray, but they must not find comfort only in prayer, they must also come worthily prepared to receive me in my Body and Blood, worthily prepared, not like the Pharisees, not like the hypocrites who come to my temples to receive me so that their brothers can see them, while their hearts are full of hatred and resentment towards their brothers. He who is not on good terms with his brother cannot come to my table until he is reconciled with his brother. My beloved people, you do not yet understand that this moment in which you are living is decisive, and that you must not approach me just to save yourselves, I will ask you about this and weigh on my scales the deeds you have done when you used my goods. You who know me, you who know what will happen to this generation, you must not keep this to yourselves. You must share what you know with your brethren, so that they may be saved and come to the full knowledge of the truth. False doctrines come to mankind, and therefore my people must be a people who know my Law and know me thoroughly, and know my Word, so that they will not be deceived. Humble yourselves and pray, my children; but humble yourselves for your brothers and sisters, that you may be a witness, not only of the words you preach, but also a true witness through your actions and deeds. It is easy for a man to speak words.... But the heart... Is it hardened, or is it a heart of flesh? Each of you must answer this question, because if a man loves only himself, he is far from being my joy and from doing my will. Man must love himself, but he must also love his neighbor to bring him to Eternal Salvation. My Word is for everyone, just as the sun is for everyone and its rays shine all over the earth without any difference. It is the same with My Love, it pours out from My Heart on all people, for all are My children, I have redeemed all. It pains me to see some of My creatures move away from Me and I see them being kidnapped by the enemy of souls, they are restrained with heavy chains so that they do not deviate from evil and allow the demons to inoculate them with all possible sins, then the demons remove the chains because they know that these creatures are already creatures of darkness. My beloved people, you will be persecuted as I was persecuted and as my disciples were persecuted. Apostles of the end times, therefore I call upon you to listen to My Word and obey My Law.... that you love me and feed yourselves with the sacraments, blessings, works of mercy.... that you love my most holy Mother and allow her to guide you.... and that you love your brothers and sisters, so that they too may be saved. A Christian is not selfish; a Christian is a human being filled with love for his fellow human beings, who knows that in order to belong to my people, he must love me above all things and he must love his neighbors. My Church, my mystical body will be severely and universally persecuted, but although you are aware of what is happening around the world, although you look at the calamities of your brothers, you doubt; you do not even believe that because of their wickedness this generation must be purified. Deaf and blind are those who see and conclude that everything is fine, and justify themselves by saying that this generation is progressive and advanced. Poor creatures! They don't see evil anywhere, because they are empty without Me. My people have been corrupted to the core.... and will be corrupted even more, without limit! Therefore, all that My Mother has revealed is moving ever faster towards man. Beloved people, be attentive, remain in constant vigilance. You must remain confident in Me. My most beloved people, what has remained hidden from My people will be revealed. You know that you are my children and that I love you unconditionally. My beloved people, I ask you to pray earnestly for the United States; its name will be repeated, heard and written all over the world. Nature is approaching, seeing the disobedience of these people to My Law, and suffering will be brought to this land I love through the hands of the people. Volcanoes will continue to be activated one by one, and the ones we fear most will announce to man that they will soon erupt. Pray for Italy, it will suffer and the cries of its people will be heard. My Church must be a Church of love and mercy, but at the same time it must be led by a hierarchy that requires everyone to obey my Law. The Beatitudes are unknown to so many because people do not practice them at any point in their lives. My beloved people, in these moments you ask Me to treat you with all My Mercy, without looking at the past or the present. People are not aware that their entire life has passed under the influence of My Mercy. What would happen to a person if My Mercy did not constantly reach those who are currently suffering persecution? Those who are being martyred for not denying their faith in me? Those who suffer at the hands of nature? Those who give their lives for you to set an example of true life in my will, loving me to the last moment? These brothers of yours must be a testimony, they must not be treated with indifference - to grieve for a moment and then forget about them. My people are silent when their brothers are persecuted with all possible wickedness. I protect you, but it is your duty as brothers to bring prayer and action to your peers. You must not allow your brothers to suffer alone, without the shelter of my Church. When I was led to the crucifixion, I was challenged, I was spit on, and I sacrificed everything for each of you.... and at this moment your brothers, who are being crucified and beheaded, raped and abused, are offering this suffering for you. My beloved people, how comfortable is the life of one who has everything he needs! But he who has everything so quickly forgets that what he gives me will never be enough. Pray, my children, pray constantly for Japan, do not neglect Japan in your prayers. My beloved people, pray asking my Holy Spirit to descend and abundantly give His gifts and graces to those who deserve them. Take full advantage of this new Pentecost, so that you will be the instruments that will alert my people who are still asleep. Be the voice that cries out in the wilderness of the human will, so that they listen and remove the bandage from their eyes. My children, you are already experiencing the Great Purification. Do not think that you are exempt from it because you are not suffering. The human race will be purified from nation to nation. I am coming, and my people must be purified in order to receive me worthily; and before I come, the antichrist will appear before you, with all human power, to confuse my people with false miracles; and because my people do not know me, they will be confused. This explains my insistence that you delve into knowledge, that you do not remain asleep, that you awaken now, that you raise your voice and lovingly help one another. My beloved people, you will suffer, and in the midst of your suffering you will see me in the help of your brothers, in how your brothers will shield you, in my Divine Providence, which will not abandon you; but you must give to me in return for my kindness. Difficult trials are near, my children. You know about them, but you must prepare yourselves, because man is never well prepared for the moment of trial. No matter how much you know about what is to come, you are not prepared for the moment. Even if you know about the coming events..., you are not prepared for the moment. Therefore, I call you to know my Word, to know all the technology through which the great powers will enslave my people at the behest of the antichrist. My people are humble, my people are merciful, my people are faithful, my people do not know pride, but my people must be a learned people, my people must not be ignorant of my Word or the events surrounding it, because in every event and in every act of the leaders of the world powers, the mark of the beast can be found. Human interest outweighs the goodwill that rulers may have toward their nations. All nations have been subjugated by the hand of evil. Those who remain faithful to me in the midst of suffering are few, and they are and will be persecuted by the followers of the antichrist. Evil knows no bounds. Evil will conquer to wound my people not with a spear, but with the Herod of this generation, nuclear energy. My beloved people, one is My Law.... one is my Word. When my Word is subject to distortion, it does not belong to my Divine Will. My Will is for my children to live correctly, righteously. My Will is for my children to enjoy Heaven from above, but this moment has been seized by Satan and his followers. They have attacked all of mankind and surprised those who are lukewarm, who rebel, who stay away from Me, who are selfish, who defame their brothers, who slander their brothers, who constantly criticize their brothers. These seem to be small sins, but at this point they are not, because they are part of man's weakness, and Satan uses these small sins to grow to an extreme, he uses these sins to turn them into the downfall of those who commit them. My children, you must not allow any act, any deed outside of My Will, for this means falling into the hands of evil. I remain before you, my Mother remains with you, but you with your free will, with your human will, must now choose to live in my Will and enjoy my Love and my protection. I love you infinitely. You are my children, my people. Love one another as the brothers that you are, as children of the same Father. Help one another, compact ranks in my Name, shield one another, shield one another, so that evil cannot penetrate my people. My legions remain over mankind, and when a city suffers, you must help it as much as you can, because the moment will come when it will not be possible for a city to help another city. My children, look at the dome of Heaven, My signals are not delayed, so you will wake up immediately. Prepare yourselves! Check yourselves! Before you actually have to do it. I bless everyone who lovingly accepts this Word of Mine, I bless your wanderings, I bless your relatives, I protect you and seal you with My dearest blood. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 27 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not be afraid, I am here, I who am your Mother. My mantle is protection for my children.... my mantle is understanding for my children.... my mantle is truth for my children.... the stars that hang on my mantle light the way for those who are lost, so that they can return to the path of eternal Salvation. Without the Law living in you, you will not achieve Salvation, you must be faithful to the Law of the Lord, follow each of His Commandments, so that the Holy Spirit can lead you to live in the Divine Will. Too many children are those who at this moment find themselves lost, swayed by false ideologies and false doctrines that promise to take them to a life of great spirituality. Beloved children, understand that only my Son gives Himself to you in His Body, Blood and Divinity in the Eucharist. This is a hidden treasure that you must receive daily to strengthen your faith, but you must live this communion immediately, doing so with your brothers; be love itself, copies of the same Divine Love from my Son; be mercy, be a beacon for those who are lost. Most beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you desire in advance to live in Heaven, and this you will achieve by living with full awareness the sacrament of the Eucharist and extending it to your entire life, so that my Son may give Himself through you to your brothers. You must be in accord with God's will, so that creation will not look upon you with indifference. At this moment, my children, sin is abundant, excessively abundant, it does not rest, it does not sleep, it remains on constant alert, seeking to imprison in its satanic nooses those who plunge into darkness and do not observe the Commandments. I offer you the Holy Rosary to meditate on it, not for you to recite it lightly, mechanically, not realizing that by meditating on the mysteries of the Holy Rosary you are accompanying the entire life of my Son on earth. My dearest children, nature, as the Father's creation, does not cease to warn you, and for this reason, at every moment, more and more, humanity is subjected to the blows of nature. Creation remains within the framework of the Divine Will and wants to bring humanity closer to submitting to this Will, instead of being just an indifferent spectator. Humanity will continue to suffer, as the earth will continue to shake with increasing force, as so much innocent blood is spilled on it. The persecution of all Christians will increase, because Satan fears my Son and therefore exterminates those who will not renounce their faith. You are not alone, my children, I am the Advocate of each of you, I am a refuge for each of you. I will not abandon the people of my Son, I will not abandon any of those whom I received at the Cross. You, my children, remain humble, remember that the most powerful tool with which Satan extends his power over souls is pride and arrogance. If someone wants to be the first, he must be the last of all and the servant of all. Unite yourselves, do not allow schism, build that wall of protection in which you will find strength and shelter for one another. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray for Paraguay, it will suffer greatly, my beloved children of this nation will suffer. Pray, my children, for the United States, do not abandon it in your prayers. Pray, my children, for India, the land of pain for my children, the land of the desert for my children, where they have long been massacred. My children, remember that prayer must be transformed into helping your peers, bringing the word of my Son.... letting your brothers and sisters know that my Son is returning so that they will not fall.... Encouraging them to continue on the right path.... and sharing with them that they will enjoy a new heaven and a new earth, where peace will reign, which is not reigning on earth at the moment. Each of you is an ambassador of my maternal love, and you must share it not only through the gift of the word, but by being witnesses to the word. My children, mankind has always suffered from nature, but never as at this moment, when all of creation is united in its desire to save my Son's people and bring them to enjoy Heaven before their time; but my Motherly Heart trembles when it sees that my children persist in disobedience and in spiritual blindness that leads them to seek darkness where the Divine Light reigns. Remember, remember that my Son does not abandon His people. Help from Heaven will be sent by my Son at the exact moment you suffer beyond measure. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, human structures will fall, and only the Divine Word will remain. Do not trust in institutions, do not trust those who tell you that they are the Salvation of humanity. It is necessary for you to delve into the knowledge of what you consume and what surrounds you, because not everything that is presented to you by institutions and corporations is what it appears to be, all of it is not to help you, but to weaken your organisms and weaken your mind, so that you die of disease. My children, you cannot deny that grim times are coming for humanity. You cannot deny that Satan's malice prevails so that you fall into the clutches of sin and cannot free yourselves Behold, I, Mother of Divine Love, Mother of all mankind, come to me. I take you to my Son, hurry up, convert, time is not time, do not stop to look at those who want to trap you on the road, so that you do not achieve complete conversion. Do not stop, do not look to the right or to the left, because Satan is cunning and wants you to be distracted, to waste the moment that must be devoted to growing, to love and to adore the King of kings and Lord of lords. My children, I remain with you, come to me, for I am your Mother. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 01 2015 - Mother of God
Most beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Heart welcomes all my children, especially those who are truly repentant and desire to nullify human will when it is contrary to the Will of God. My beloved ones, you must be servants of my Son, fulfilling and living His Will. My Son is clarifying His Word at this time, when mankind leans toward evil and toward all that is wrong. Sin remains before man, and man accepts it without hesitation. Moment by moment, my Son is offended, and the gift of life is despised by mankind. Evil wants to exterminate man from the face of the earth, especially the innocent. Evil hates innocence, and man pleases evil. Sin spreads without boundaries, without social classes, it permeates humanity like a great modernism in society and turns this generation into a generation worse than Sodom and Gomorrah. I warn you with my Love through my Word to save your soul. He who wants to distinguish himself from the world trend may manage to go against the current with effort and with words that guide him, so that they are not just words, but a testimony of life. The news that reaches you is not encouraging. But how many people believe what is happening in other countries? Who believes that my children are being persecuted, not only because of their faith, but also because of the color of their skin? And this will not be true of just one country, but will expand to the entire world when the antichrist comes to rule over doomed humanity and seize the power that has been reserved for him since time immemorial. My Son does not forget you. He protects you from those who, out of fear, are betraying now and will later betray the faith en masse. These people will betray you just as my Son was betrayed. Persecution will abound, but I will give you strength. Do not put down the Cross, do not be ashamed of it. I have warned you so much! How they mock my loving word of a Mother who does not want her children to be lost! Beloved children, the earth will continue to tremble and everyone will feel some of the furies of nature. Man's discoveries as to the great defects of the earth will be confirmed, there will be some that he does not know, and some earth still remaining in the sea bed will emerge in my sight. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, great mysteries will be revealed to you so that you may increase your faith and love of your neighbor. Look up high; when the sun changes color and seems different to you; when you do not see the moon, but only its faint reflection; when the water is swallowed up by the bowels of the earth, stop and convert, for before you is the moment foretold by this Mother. My children, pray, prayer is essential.... come to receive my Son in the Eucharist, adore Him in the Blessed Sacrament of the altar, make amends in the name of those who offend Him, but do not forget that you, my children, have the duty to live the Scriptures and know them profoundly. You must be different and not adopt modernisms that lead man to fall into sin and bring him closer to hell. I, as the Mother of Humanity, call upon you to live the practice of the Holy Scriptures, knowing and practicing the Commandments, loving God above all else and loving your neighbors as yourselves. The prayer of this moment must be accompanied by the knowledge and practice of this knowledge, so that you can overcome the temptations and predators of the faith. Be careful that they do not poison your body, for this will accelerate the suffering of the body beyond measure. As soon as science advances for good, another science quickly appears, advancing to finish off most of my children. My beloved ones, at this moment those who have made money into a god will not endure the great fall of the idol and despair will overwhelm them. You, seek refuge in me. Do not forget to pray the Holy Rosary, be obedient to the Divine Will, every moment brings you closer to the Holy Trinity. Divine Protection remains before you, but my Son cannot find Hearts of flesh. My Son is Love, Mercy and Salvation, go to the desired goal and fulfill the purpose for which you were created, to be in accordance with God's Will. Every step must be taken with faith, love, determination, hope and constancy. Keep your children away from the television, this giant in homes steals innocence and will complete its mission when the great interests of the world take for themselves the will of childhood and lead them to deny my Son. Do not be careless, evil manifests itself in what you consider the most innocent. Evil is cunning, and people go one after another without stopping. Great countries in and around their capitals remain highly contaminated; the plague of evil does not cease, but gains followers. Morality is no longer moral; right now men dress like women and women dress like men. Are you so blind that you deny this? Pray, my beloved ones, for the United States; it will suffer in its Heart and in its members. Pray, my beloved ones, Freemasonry will bring division into the Church of my Son. Pray, my children, for Japan; it will continue to spread pain through atomic energy, the scourge of humanity. Pray, my children; volcanoes will wreak havoc. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, eternal life awaits you; do not lose Salvation because of sin. Delve into the way of my Son, be doers of my Son's Will, until practice leads you to work and act in my Son's Will. Prepare yourselves, little children; do not sleep when evil is at work. I bless you; unite yourselves with the Sacred Heart of my Son in this month in which you must approach Him, the Fountain of Mercy, with special adoration. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 08 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, each Hail Mary is a call of my children to this Mother of theirs, a call to which I go with my Love to shelter, to embrace, to guard those who will allow it. Children of my Immaculate Heart, you live in moments when you must go with the truth as your banner. The lukewarm fall prey to evil to shake the people of my Son. Love for one's neighbor has been destroyed by the hand of man, the mind of people who tirelessly struggle for competitiveness and superiority over humanity. Humanity continues its development in the midst of blindness. When they throw my Son out of their lives, they are blind leading the blind. This was written in this way because those who do not have my Son in their hearts will express little or no love for others; nor will they observe the First Commandment. Beloved children, live, working and acting in accordance with God's Will, bring peace and truth, because you must not forget that the cross is becoming heavier every moment, as in this moment of great spiritual confusion, which is spreading throughout the world as a target of evil to divert you from the only truth, my Son. Children, you are living in turbulent times, when those who live as my Son wants His people to live will be persecuted to discourage them in the face of tribulation. My beloved ones, at this time for a true Christian, the prelude is to know the Scriptures, so that he will not be deceived. The reception of my Son in the Eucharist is the greatness of the Trinity's love for human creation. I turn to you - and will continue to do so - to guide you in these moments of confusion, when evil reigns everywhere. You discern. It is the Father's will that all of His children be saved in His holy and infinite love, so each of His children will act and work within the Divine Heartbeat, even in the smallest thoughts and actions. My beloved ones, this generation has turned love into persecution, love into anger, love into contempt, love into disobedience, love into pride, and in this way evil masters the affections and controls the human creature to please evil and replicate it through its evil deeds, thus abandoning its affections to the devil and thus minimizing itself spiritually. Each of you has a special and unique mission to live and act in accordance with the Father's will, which is the condition for attaining the fullness of eternal life. At every moment, my Son sends me to make myself known to the humble and simple of heart in light of the urgency of the impending fulfillment of what I announced to humanity, the spiritual decadence of this generation, which has surpassed all previous generations. Therefore, my calls are more constant and severe. The children, invalidated by the wickedness that introduces modernism in all areas of human life, behave like creatures devoid of reason, repeating what is fashionable, not wanting to save their souls; they only want to give the impression that they are abiding in the false and demonic modernism of the moment. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, those of you who earnestly desire conversion, do not stop at Satan's snares; go forward, fighting against what does not belong to the Father for the conversion and Salvation of souls. Do not condone sins, no matter how small they may seem; great misfortunes are born from trifles, which seem innocent to man. My Son chooses souls who are small in the eyes of men, but are great in faith and obedience, in order to give them the word from Heaven. My Son was sent to save souls and continues to explain His word to save souls.... my Son met with sinners, with those who undertook to work mercilessly against their brethren.... my Son spoke to the Pharisees and the scholars of the Law in order to show the glory of His Father to the erudites who were refuting His word.... therefore, at this moment, the erudites and scholars know the word, but not all of them put it into action. I call upon you to put into practice the word of my Son, so that His children will give Him the glory that all creatures should give Him. My beloved ones, nature advances relentlessly, advances through confused and lawless people, advances in search of those who remain in harmony with the Father's will. You be love, be brothers, be mercy, be humility. Great people are born of humility, just as my Son gave birth to you on the Cross. My children are humble and do the will of the Father.... Remain constantly vigilant and without respite, for there are predictions not to believe the prophecies of My true prophets. Be those children who live and work within the framework of God's Law and Sacraments, feeding on Divine love. Children, do not stop, you are already experiencing the Tribulation, it is progressing relentlessly from one place to another, it progresses relentlessly every day, awakening hearts. As it progresses, souls perish who wait until the last moment to convert: 'Not everyone who says to me: 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the Kingdom of Heaven. Pray, my beloved, for my children in the United States, they will suffer constant plagues. Repent, my children, seek Salvation of the soul. Pray, my children, for Colombia; this land will mourn its future. Pray, my children, for England; it will be shaken by the hands of human fury. Children, do not rest, fight against the human 'ego'. At this moment, demons surround man and leave him the sting of disobedience and pride to rebel like Lucifer. Do not forget that everyone will examine himself and darkness will envelop man until he cannot see his own hands. Darkness dissipates with the Divine Light and reigns in the hearts of the righteous, the merciful, those who are repentant and obey the Divine Law. People persecute each other with a thirst for revenge, without recognizing each other as brothers, without mercy, and advance every moment towards the great cities. This is Satan's strategy. The president will be attacked and killed; the people will be cruelly attacked. This is the fruit of silent communism. My beloved ones, do not wait any longer, pray, receive my Son, convert. The moment of all moments for man has arrived, do not wait any longer. The abomination has unconditionally reached the temple. Then divine help will come for his children and they will be guided along the true path from which they must not deviate. There will be peace and the enemy of the soul will be driven away from humanity, he will be put in chains, and the kingdom of peace will be for all the children of the faithful of the Holy Trinity and me. I love you and bless you. My Heart welcomes all who repent from the Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 10 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I do not abandon you, no matter how strong may be the moments you are now facing and will face.... My beloved ones, unbelief reigns, highlighted by the strength given by the people of this generation. This generation does not want to listen to my calls; instead, it wants to silence my voice, so that those who want to understand the darkness that engulfs my people will not find an explanation and an extension of my Love, which does not cease to nourish and guide those whom I have saved by shedding my Blood for the redemption of all. I remain in every consecrated host.... I remain present in the person in whom My Spirit dwells.... I am omniscient and omnipresent; I remain where man sees Me with his bodily sight and where he does not see Me with his bodily sight. This is My presence in everything, which man cannot understand if he does not recognize that he is limited. Good and evil remain before each human creature in order that, under the influence of my Spirit, they may discern the true path, reward or punishment.... This is my Merciful Love, the one that leads me to constantly explain my Will to those who are mine, so that they can choose freely before they lose grace and before they have the opportunity to see the wickedness into which they will fall. I am just ... I do not allow my children to fall before I show them where they will fall, what the causes are and what the punishment for falling is. Because of his disobedience, man loves himself in a disordered way, attributing to himself what is only under the authority and jurisdiction of My House. Hence, envy, conceit, greed and disobedience have led man to idolize himself, which leads him from sin to sin, from pride to pride, from arrogance to arrogance.... such great blindness leads to no other goal than the loss of eternal life if creatures do not repent in spirit and in truth. My beloved ones, evil, Satan sustains the battle waged against the children of my Mother, against each of you.... my Mother, Queen of all creatures, has been endowed with the gifts of grace and glory, as well as the superior humility of our love, so that this humility is the one that will defeat Satan, who will present himself to this generation with all his evil intentions. This is the moment when evil fights against the good in each of you, to exclude my Mother from the lives of my children, because he knows in advance that he will be broken, defeated and cast into the abyss by my Mother, to whom my Father has given intercession and guidance in the battle against the spirits of hell that have poured out on all mankind, and some of these spirits are: iniquity, anger, exaltation, vanity, vice, hostility and ignorance. Beloved children, evil wants you to be ignorant, to drag a third of the human race with ignorance, deceiving them so that people fight with each other and create divisions among them. Man has not yet loved our will, he denies my Justice, he cares for my Mercy, misunderstanding it, he demeans my Justice, as if the greatness of our divinity is subject to man's approval. Gifts and virtues dwell in the virgin womb of my Mother.... She is the temple of the Holy Spirit and the virgin sanctuary for the welfare of my children.... Beloved ones, it pains me to see how capital sins are reproduced in my children, bringing more and more sins against me. The Devil is waging war against people, and people are accepting him in an unprecedented way, making the wickedness and cruelty of evil their own, although the sole purpose of evil is to take my Sons and Daughters, who are also my Mother, with them. The fury of evil extends to my Holy Church and my mystical body, so that my mystical body distances itself from my Mother, to whom the Holy Trinity has delegated the privilege of defeating the devil. My beloved ones, you accept evil and nurture it, and evil delves into the human Heart to darken understanding and cause strife among My children, disunity and confusion, because only through lies can the devil penetrate and discharge his wickedness in people. These are the moments when my Church is headed for the great schism, already foretold by my Mother, when the suffering of those who are faithful to me will be the glory of my Mother's intercession on behalf of the human race, even those who do not believe, do not hope and do not love. Children, do not reject, you must know Me so that you will not reject, for I do not abandon those who are Mine, I embrace them and place them in the loving arms of My Mother, I give shelter to those who are helpless. My beloved people, My people are all those who love Me, adore Me and call Me Lord of their lives and of all created things, and who live, act and work within the framework of Our Divine Will. Do not wait for time, it is already gone.... do not deny the signs that I allow you to encourage.... do not give in to the adoration of the human ego and do not rebel against me, for it is man himself who has given power to evil, so that evil may reign over him. My children have never been so close to desolation as at this moment.... war, the great scourge caused by evil, is advancing inexorably and ruthlessly, without stopping, and is, on the contrary, supported by demonstrations of the strength of the nations of the earth. My children, be vigilant at this moment more than at any previous moment; I will not come with water, but with fire that purifies. Pray, My children, for Russia and her allies. Hunger for power fuels confrontation. Pray, my children, for Indonesia; it will share with humanity the fire that burns in the bowels of the earth and look outward to make people think. Pray for Italy; it will be purified by nature and by man himself. My beloved, you know well what is coming.... The blind man denies it, the man who considers himself wise denies it, the proud man turns it into doubt; while the humble man prays and converts, knows me and rushes to me for refuge, devotes himself to my Mother to sustain him and intercede for him, delves into the knowledge of what he disdains and tears the blindfold from his eyes so that darkness and ignorance leave him. My beloved people, receive me in the Eucharist with a humble and contrite heart, extend your hands to me, as your Father I am waiting for you all. Do not fall to the ground and do not rise, evil will not remain forever. My Mother will crush the head of evil, and Saint Michael will place on my Divine scales every work and deed of my child, for without works and deeds faith is barren. Love has been banished, it dwells in few souls, those who struggle to live in My Will. My Will is not yet another spirituality, My Will is the essence of the love of our Trinity. The fulfillment of my Will is not difficult for man. Man has difficulty because he has given free rein to his human ego and has not chosen to overcome it with My Love. Do not be afraid, fear is brought upon you by evil to hold you back, and when you find that you are persecuted, you will place yourselves in the hands of the one who will appear to save mankind, the one who will come to supplant Me. It is urgent that you do not disown me, it is urgent that you draw near to my Mother, so that she, who is the Queen and teacher of all my children, will take you into her bosom and protect you with her mantle, if you so desire. My children, be vigilant! What my Mother foretold is being fulfilled and will be fulfilled in full because of disobedience to Her calls. Come to my side, which is open to all, it is not too late, come to me, I love you and bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 13 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, as the Father of love and mercy, I am knocking at the door of every soul for you to dedicate yourselves to conversion. I cry out for you to remove the obstacles you place before Me to escape and go further into mundanity. My beloved, you do not pay attention to my requests, but you are ready to fulfill a human request.... my calls are dismantled to deny that they are my Word.... how can I leave this generation? They live without me.... they deny my real presence in the Eucharist.... They forbid to get to know me.... they think they don't need me to give life.... They kill each other without remorse.... such is the behavior of man in this generation, and as if that were not enough, they despise my Mother without any respect, when my Mother is full of grace, the only vessel of devotion, the Queen of Heaven and Earth. My Cross becomes heavier every day, so much so that my Mother comes to my rescue and helps me on behalf of each of you, so that you are not lost. My life, the path to Salvation for souls, did not end with my Ascension. I remain alive, present and actual in each of you, but my own children throw me out of my temples. How they distance Me from the places of prayer! They do not want My Laws; they supplant them with comfort, convenience and rebellion. Get to know Me, delve into the Holy Scriptures, listen to My Mother, be vigilant so that you are not confused; evil not only lurks, but lurks like a plague on humanity to confuse it. Do not forget that the goal of the antichrist is for him to become the owner of humanity, the owner of everything, even my Church. My Love has been distorted, they weaken My Righteousness in favor of complacent mercy, I am the Righteous Judge. They deny the existence of Hell, but accept the existence of evil, and consider the earth as a place of sorrow, where sins are paid for. My poor children! They are still so blind! I don't like modernism. They confuse my people in those moments when evil attacks and strikes those who love me, adore me and carry me in their souls like a precious jewel, like a hidden treasure, fully convinced that I am their Lord and their God. Moving away from my Word, from my Law and from my Mother, my people will soon throw themselves into attacks from evil, which at the moment presents itself as a sheep, as a defender and a war opponent, but later will show itself as a great bear with fierce claws, which will throw itself at my children and persecute them until death, thus showing the world what it has in its lair. The red dragon will second the bear, and humanity will be shaken, persecuted and controlled by allies of the dragon and the bear, allies who will rise up almost timidly, ruling small countries, and who will later emerge with great power. Persecution will be fierce and will spread, and during this time my children will suffer at the hands of those who do not love me. My people have disregarded my Mother's warnings and have given a hand to those who will be their persecutors and their scourge. Alliances between countries will be broken, and the power of communism will be revealed without measure. It does not sleep, it strikes my people, and my people sleep. Evil is watching, deceiving even those who are faithful to me to get into my sanctuary. It is not only Freemasonry that has infiltrated my Church, but also, along with it, illuminati and communism; they remain hidden behind my walls. Man is not valued as a human being and a creature of God, but as an object that moves without thinking. My beloved people, unite. Be united, so that you - who believe, who love me, who have my Mother for a Mother - protect one another. Do not allow division to enter you; division is sent by Satan to stealthily penetrate and cause great discord among those who are faithful to me, those whom I have chosen to watch over my people. The deceiver is awake, my children are asleep.... wake up, my children! Evening is falling and darkness is fast approaching, the darkness of the perversity of the one who hates my children. Be humble, continue to give shelter to one another; those who are blind will be blind, they will not see clearly and evil will consume them. It is not only Freemasonry that has infiltrated my Church, but also, along with it, illuminati and communism; they remain sheltered behind my walls. Man is not appreciated as a human being and a creature of God, instead he is seen as an object that moves without thinking. My beloved people, unite. Be united so that you - who believe, who love Me, who have My Mother for a Mother - protect one another. Do not allow division to enter you; division is sent by Satan to stealthily penetrate and cause great discord among those who are faithful to me, those whom I have chosen to watch over my people. The deceiver is awake, my children are asleep.... wake up, my children! Evening is falling and darkness is fast approaching, the darkness of the perversity of the one who hates my children. Be humble, continue to give shelter to one another; those who are blind will be blind, they will not see clearly and evil will consume them. My beloved people, do not think with human thinking, for it makes you see everything from afar; prepare the spirit. Your spiritual senses should make you feel the proximity of the Warning and the accelerated race toward my Second Coming. My people will be tested, but they will never be defeated. Therefore, my Mother will not move away from my people even if my people ignore her. Each Rosary that is conscientiously prayed is a new light that joins with other lights, creating a continuity of lights that I see from My House and recognize those who are Mine. Stars shine in the sky as true souls shine through their witness, and the humble shine the most. Prayer is essential for those who are Mine. Prayer brings them closer to Me and to My Mother, who listens to all of Her children and constantly defends them, and intercedes for them even if they deny Her. I give Myself in the sacrament of the Eucharist; I remain present and alive in My Body and Blood, but most of My priests treat Me lightly because they do not contemplate the depths of My mystery in the consecration and throw Me forcibly on the paten, do not revere Me, and then make Me uncomfortable when they deliver Me quickly to My children or into the hands of third parties who are not properly or thoroughly prepared. I want the mouth that proclaims me King to accept me as King.... I want the word that confesses 'I believe' and the heart that rejoices and is united to that 'I believe' to receive me with dignity.... it is my Mother who prepares the soul of those who receive me with a true conscience.... it is my Mother who watches over the souls of those who receive me, not routinely, but in adoration.... my beloved people, the devil fears and hates my Mother; he knows that my Mother will crush his head and defeat him. Therefore, he celebrates as a victor when those who are mine belittle the merits of my Mother, disparage Her and despise Her. Evil has infiltrated my Church, and my faithful instruments are persecuted. Evil wants to silence my Mother, but 'I am who I am' and my Mother, the protection of my people, will not rest until those who are mine are awakened. Beloved ones, the purification will continue to advance over mankind, creation is calling man to respond by seeking Me and banishing sin. A heart of stone will be transformed into a heart of flesh. My beloved people, peace will come to mankind when mankind is purified. The members of my mystical body will be purified until their robes become white as snow again. Pray, my children. The heavenly body is approaching the earth. Pray. Pray, my children; war does not wait, for it is a potential business for those who are powerful. War does not wait, and my children are not prepared. Pray, my children; the eagle will be wounded and will act without thinking. Pray for Colombia, she will suffer and cry. Volcanoes will continue to whip humanity. Be instruments of peace, where there is hatred, be love; where there is ignorance, be light; where there is no love, bring my love. The times of peace will come, when people will live happily side by side, enjoying Heaven beforehand. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 15 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, all of you should delve into the knowledge, faith and practice of living in union with the Divine Will; in this way you will contemplate the wonders of life in the constant act of offering to the Holy Trinity everything that happens in your journey through the world. Sufferings would not remain unfruitful, tribulations would not sink into the void, moments of happiness would be greater because you would not experience them in a human way - so attached to what is earthly - instead, each moment would be a constant offering. Like the constant coming and going of the waves of the ocean, you would not move away from constant union with the Divine Will; every moment would be an opportunity to draw closer to my Son and to me. Man's weakness is excessive; exposure to depravity, jealousy, immorality and vice keeps my children in constant sin. Man does not control his sight; instead, he is controlled by this sense. In the mortification of sight, they do not control themselves in an indulgent society where women walk around in almost total nudity. My children persist in the fatigue of sin left by sinners who can neither repent and accept their guilt, nor go with the desire to repent. Every human creature is a constant manifestation of the Divine glory in and for his brothers. My Son is a comfort to those who need it; and a brother can be kind to those in need. My Son is coming to separate the wheat from the chaff, but before that happens, man himself will make the separation in the Great Warning. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must keep the truth and fulfill it in every deed. My Son must live in every mind; do not forget that the mind either distorts man or leads him to be the best. My Son, His actions and His deeds must remain imprinted in every person's mind, so that you may be true children, faithful, responsible, aware of all that is happening in you among humanity, and so that you may responsibly fulfill the mystical body of my Son. As true children of my Son, seek the good of your brothers and prepare yourselves with the Holy Scriptures, because each of you must be that lighted lantern that does not hide in order not to give light, but to be a light on the path, not only personally, but also on the path of your brothers and sisters. I call upon my beloved sons, priests, those whom I hold in my Heart, not to deviate from prayer, to live for my Son and His flock, overseeing and shepherding all His sheep, not forgetting that you must not be bones of discord, but sources of harmony, always being clear that honor and glory are for my Son and not for men, even if they have dedicated themselves to the service of my Son. Do not live to please people, but to do the will of my Son at all times and in all circumstances, not forgetting that you must strengthen the sick, the weak and the mistreated, strengthening them in faith and in Divine Love. My chosen children, priests, do not approach temptations, and when they come to you uninvited, remember that my Son suffered for each of you, so that you may be the favored and beloved sons of my Heart, capable of overcoming and avoiding, quickly and completely, not only temptations, but sin itself. A consecrated person without prayer is a building on shifting sands, and when the wind comes and blows with power, it will demolish any building that has been founded on shifting sands. Beloved ones, there is still time to move this building on solid rock, remembering the pain and agonies of my Son. You, my consecrated children, prepare yourselves in a special way for trials. I do not mean the imminent dangers that remain in the Church of my Son, so that you will deny them, but that you prepare yourselves accordingly, and thus bring the word of my Son to his fold. Strengthen those who are weak by foreshadowing to them the coming events; do not leave them to their fate; do not try to bandage their wounds before you heal them, for the sick will not recover without the proper medicine. The people of my Son, my children, must know that man cannot live by mere zeal, he must submit to the Will of God, which does not hide misfortunes from mankind, but reveals them, so that every sheep in the flock prepares itself and observes the good works, the Commandments and the Sacraments, which cannot change as times change. My children, this is the reason why prayer is important and why it is important for every favorite child to do the Father's will. All the knowledge you have gained must be used for building up, not for evil to reap. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, beloved sheep of my Son, be careful, be obedient to my Son and love my calls, for as Mother I do not lead you to a cliff. Do not abandon your brothers without giving them the opportunity to know the moment that is before all mankind, impartially. Tribulations are no longer future, they are for this moment and should not frighten you, they should make you stay on the true path. Trials should not frighten you, because my Son and I will not abandon you, and the test will not exceed the endurance of the faithful. Prepare yourselves by first loving God above all things, and your neighbor as yourself. Children, for the love of His children I am sent by God to continue to admonish those I received at the foot of the Cross. For each of you, I give myself in this word so that you will return to the true path; I would not be a good Mother if I did not warn my children, for that would be like dressing a wound and leaving an infection inside. Repent, learn God's Word and delve into the Scriptures so that you grow spiritually. Nothing has been given as God's Word that can be changed according to man's convenience. The Church as the wife of my Son remains subject to the word of her husband. At this time, man has transformed morality and turned it into immorality.... The rules have been changed for convenience.... love is temporary, not like the Will of my Son.... Man destroys and will continue to destroy.... the mighty usurp the gift of life, while my Son remains attentive to it. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not persist in blindness, for you will see evil as good and good as evil. Pray, beloved children, because the Church of my Son will experience a great schism, and those who do not know the word of Holy Scripture will wander in ignorance from one place to another in search of the truth - their lack of knowledge is caused by living away from the Will of God. All must come to the knowledge of faith. Pray, my children; the great powers have decided that there must be war and that the world's population must be reduced; do not feed on death. Pray, my children, pray for Indonesia and the United States. Pray for Japan and Venezuela. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not value sin and do not deny my maternal love. I am the Mother of truth and this truth for which my Son suffered and rose from the dead, this truth I want to save you from the ignorance in which they want to plunge you, so that you give yourselves over to evil. You are living in hard times before a creation that does not recognize the man who changed, destroyed and polluted it. The earth will be shaken with power. Beloved children, do not fear the earthquakes, nor the volcanoes, nor the winds that will blow, nor the cold, nor the heat. Fear that you will offend my Son, and fear that you will not repent. You are my children, I love you and bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 17 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you so much! I knock so much at the door of each Heart so that they may participate in my requests! As Mother, I ask each of you to open the door of your Heart for me, so that I can continue to intercede for you before my Divine Son. This generation is developing rapidly, the progress in every field is astounding, the good has tasted the correct use of man's ability of intelligence to create what benefits man. Unfortunately, my children, evil has usurped the place of the good and managed to change the goals that man had for any progress to be for the benefit of humanity. At this moment, science has finally turned into a power struggle, through which it has ruthlessly set its sights on destroying man. There are countries, powers that do not have great economies to sustain war, but they have the Herod of this generation, they have nuclear weapons with which they can inflict deadly damage on this humanity.... Which man of science has created something that he will not use? Which power has acquired what it will not use to defend itself? The lack of human consciousness of this generation has reached such a high point that it leads them to constantly fight to achieve global domination. So many are assured that war will not happen! But this is not true; they ignore the fact that it is already here. There will be great destruction all over the earth, and because of this, the lamentations will be so great that they will reach the home of my Son before the ingratitude of those who, on the basis of their power, have destroyed not only human beings, but also everything that my Son offered them for the sake of every human being. At this time it is necessary for you to strengthen your faith; you must be Christian men and women in spirit and truth. Temples may be full on Sundays, but the inner temple in each of my children is empty, especially in the big cities. There is no awareness of life after death. Man has quickly forgotten about it. He is interested in mortal life using his free will, even if it leads him to live in constant sin, and this is largely due to the wrong direction in which the Church of my Son is going. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, evil exists and is a force that surpasses man if he does not have faith, if he does not have strength, if he does not have knowledge and if he does not truly love my Son. They still have not understood my words, they still do not obey my Son, who repeatedly declares that demons are above people, persecuting them from moment to moment to bring them to their downfall, and when they fall, the same demons get them and torment them to capture the minds of the children of my Son. Children of my Immaculate Heart, because of man's disobedience, you produce your own punishment.... and because of your obedience, you yourselves produce blessings for yourselves. You, my children, possess great intelligence and the gift of wisdom, but they remain dormant at this moment, when the people of my Son devote themselves to a life of speculation, believing truly that evil does not exist.... believing truly that after death there is neither purgatory nor hell.... believing truly that the earth is a place of suffering for committed and acquired transgressions.... How wrong you are, my children! Evil exists on the surface of the earth. There is Satan, the tempter of man, there is a place of sorrow after death, there is eternal fire. This is the moment when my children must look further and must consider eternal life after earthly life. All those who call themselves Christians will have their faith tested; that is why we have urged you to know the word of my Son, to practice and live in accordance with God's will, and to live in constant observance of the Commandments, because he who observes the First Commandment also observes the other Commandments. Children, when the sun is at its zenith, it covers the earth, it covers all my children. Each of you must be the sun that shines, wherever you are, on all your brothers. Keep it! Don't let the human 'ego' control the senses of man! Stop it! Don't be slaves to the 'ego'! Stop it! Don't live with good intentions! Stop! Don't insult my Son! Stop! Do not deny Salvation! Awaken your senses and consecrate them to our Sacred Hearts. You have great blessings bestowed by the House of the Father; you have fellow travelers who warn and defend you, even if you are not aware of it. Call on them; it is important that you constantly invite them to stay with you. Pay attention to the signals that my Son allows in the firmament, because soon there will be so many that people without faith will flee into hiding to avoid looking. Children of my Immaculate Heart, in due time help will come from the house of God to raise those who are close to falling, but when the antichrist traps souls, how will this Mother be able to intercede if man does not want to be saved? My Son's people are facing great dangers.... The microchip is the devil's demand against man and against the souls of creatures. Some have seen it as something distant or as a fantasy, but the implantation of the microchip is a reality that will soon be established. I assure you that I see a great wave approaching mankind from all sides.... and within it is the fury of man, vengeance, terrorism, the abuse of those who call themselves the Saviors of mankind. The Church of my Son will be greatly shaken, as several statements will divide it. Children, do not separate yourselves from the Commandments, they are the Word of God expressed for all mankind for all times, and this Divine Word is not subject to man, it was revealed for man to obey the Divine Word. Fulfill the sacraments, do not reject them, because they are the Will of God. At this time, each of my children must remain attentive, so as not to be deceived; they must know about Divine Omnipotence and not limit this Omnipotence to the narrowness of the human mind. Pray, my children, pray for the Chilean people, whom I am encouraging to have another vigil of reparation for transgressions, not against this mother, but against the Divine Will that sent me to appear in Pea Blanca. Man is very quick to judge, he is quick to despise coming events and to look only at the negative to deny the whole truth; and this is a lack of humility and a lack of love. Pray, my children, pray for Ecuador. This beloved nation of mine has been invaded by communism, and when it wants to protest, communism silences it. Pray, nature is awakening. Pray, my children, pray for Italy. The great volcano will awaken to announce to these my beloved people that just as it is awakening, those who do not love the Church of my Son have awakened and are planning to enter this territory. Pray, children, that the Word of my Son and my Word will continue to reach you, guiding you and warning you not to be afraid; while it is a matter of preparing yourselves mainly in the spirit, so that you will truly know my Son, so that you will love his omnipotence and omnipresence, and so that you will love your fellow travelers who have alerted man at decisive moments for humanity. My children, do not forget that never a supplicant, with a true heart and a firm goal of improvement, is ignored by the Father's House and by this Mother. Love one another, protect one another; at this moment - more than at any other moment - the unity of my Son's people is essential. You proclaim the glory of God, you adore my Son in the Blessed Sacrament, while you can still meet there, before the temples are closed. My beloved children, I protect my children with my mantle. Be faithful to the word of my Son. Delve into knowledge and let faith grow in you, so that you may have the courage not to deny your faith in my Son. May everyone who reads this word from this Mother be blessed by my Son in a special way, not only for reading this message, but also to initiate change at this time with a strong intention. Fight against the human 'I', because conversion is absolutely necessary at this moment, not in the future, when you will no longer have either the courage or the strength to convert. May my Son fill you with his Holy Spirit, so that you may humbly enter the Sacred Heart of my Son. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 20 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal love is constantly with you. My beloved daughter, at the beginning of this call of the Divine Will, the House of the Father handed down the principles by which His tools are guided, and because my Son suffered, most of His tools suffer in His likeness. My daughter, man does not fully observe the First Commandment, he allows unnoticed rejection of what he should reject, without analyzing what he should push aside, so as not to live superficially, letting himself be guided by superficial impressions. The mind does not always lead to true understanding and to reasoning, nor does it perceive in the same way the pleas and entreaties addressed by God to his people, so that they do not fall into the snare of evil. Don't forget, child, that the imagination flies where the being wants it to go, and in this way it puts its imagination before the great persecutor, who at this moment is frantically trying to separate my children. Tell my children to stay away from evil in all its forms, and that the more united they are, the greater will be the strength of my Son's people, who are more strongly and relentlessly persecuted by temptation. Tell them that it is man himself, by jealousy, lack of love, disobedience, lack of mercy, lack of hope and what little he knows of my Son, who gives the devil new ideas so that man will fall. My daughter, tell them that I suffer to a greater degree than they do. I suffer with the love of the Mother of all people. People do not want to be fed by My Son in the Sacrament of the Eucharist, and at the same time they do not derive nourishment from knowing the Word of God, so they are easily deceived. If my children do not know the Word of God, if they do not fully practice in their deeds and actions the Commandments, sacraments, works of mercy, blessings, then they are more easily deceived than little children. Tell them, my child, that the devil is the one who does not want them to feed on the Word of God, the Eucharist, God's love, prayer, knowledge.... 'the sleeping ones evil dominates with a little cunning.... 'the awakened evil will not deceive easily, because they are stronger to deal with temptation...'. Luz de Maria: 'Mother, humanity does not want to hear anything related to purification...' Blessed Virgin Mary: 'tell them, my child, that I do not threaten mankind; I warn them about their behavior, about the abuse of free will and its consequences. I warn you, in accordance with my Son's request, of a man who lives dominated by secularism and sin in all its forms, and by material goods, and above all lives in total abandonment and contempt for my Son and for me, and for everything that reminds him of the faith of my Son's faithful people. Faith fades very quickly.... Sometimes what a person expresses is a slight curiosity that leads him to want to participate in the popularity of the majority, but he does not know the depth of what it means to be a true Christian. At this moment, the apostles of the end times must unite in the Most Sacred Heart of my Son and in my Immaculate Heart, bearing witness to the love that reigns in their Hearts. Lack of understanding is the reason that at this very moment the divisions are greater and my children are attacking each other. The Evil One, the oppressor of souls, knows well the charge given to the apostles of the end times; therefore, he attacks their perseverance and faith, creates confusion in order to destroy them with whatever weapons he has in his hands. It will not be easy for a man to keep the faith before the burning crucible and seeing his brethren subjected to everything that is not the Will of my Son, despite the countless offenses against the House of the Father and the countless loss of life. I warn you, warn you and keep you from the truth immediately. If you continue to disobey and litter the stormy seas of sin, you will be lost; and not because you have not been warned of what awaits you. If you will lose eternal life, it will be because you are the offspring of disobedience and are abusing the mercy of God, who does not abandon His children. Right now, most of you have enough to eat, but you ignore the fact that in a short while you won't have enough; there will be widespread starvation. Altering seeds in laboratories will distort crops; contamination will be seen on most foods and on a large scale. Famine will lead people to kill their brethren; chaos will come unannounced, revolts will not stop - on the contrary, they will intensify in all countries. There will be another racial revolution in the United States, which will be repeated in European countries. Chaos will not stop those who do not have my Son in them, but will strengthen them. The holy books and all books pertaining to the Word of God will be burned by those who have given themselves to the antichrist and will do so in obedience to him, in order to destroy all traces of man's love for his God. Temples will be destroyed and burned, and they will erect statues of the devil on the ashes. Therefore, I call on you to repent, and not to deny that man, desiring to overcome God, destroys himself by mocking my calls and not listening to the Will of God, of which I am the bearer. Luz de Maria: 'Mother, man believes that just as he was warned of all this in the past, there is still plenty of time before the predictions come true. Blessed Virgin Mary: 'tell them, my child, that the times have become moments, and the moment has been changed; they see the fulfillment of events, but they deny it because they are afraid to make the decision to live according to the Will of God. Just as in the days of Noah, they mocked and insulted him, even though signs were given to them ahead of time for this generation to change. They did not change i.... what happened to them? Fallen economies are drowning in the tears of the people whose hopes are gone. The people of my Son are groaning; the birth pains will be greater and unimaginable. Pray, my children, for unity. Pray, children, communism lurks. Pray and wait patiently. God's people will see the one whom God sends to comfort them, the guide of souls of high purity. He will be sent so that souls will not give themselves over to the enemy. 'Beloved daughter, tell your brothers that this Mother will crush the head of the infernal dragon. You are not going alone, next to the Tabernacle I abide with my Son, I am waiting there for you. Pray, my children, for Colombia and Chile. The tears of my children will be a cleansing. Pray and repair with the world chain of prayer of the Holy Rosary at 12:00 p.m. local time for each country, beginning Monday, June 22, for three consecutive days. Pray; My Son's Church will be shaken. Pray, children, for the help of the Holy Spirit to enlighten the minds of world leaders, although the war will not be stopped. Do not be surprised and do not panic; seek our refuge, and there you will be free. Repent; the peace promised by my Son will be the banner of a faithful people; anguish will become a reward, and fear will no longer be the anguish of my children; the spirit of man will be free from the oppression of evil, and misfortunes will be left behind. The one who was obedient will receive his fruit; the faithful one will receive the promise; both will enjoy the same bliss. Under the sun of God's Will I bless you. My children do not fear, go to my Son. Adore the Holy Trinity, the Triune God. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 22 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be attentive! Every act of man has its repercussions for the human race. Stand firm in your faith! It pains me to see my children wandering, searching and not finding what they are looking for.... and are getting more and more lost, because they do not know my Son. Humanity is mired in all its vices, as moments pass and the truth is not told to them. My children do not find the way out, they open the wrong door, returning to the same starting point. Beloved, who does not have God in his Heart, will easily fall prey to the enemy of souls. This moment is for reflection, the threats of the great powers will be the terror of humanity. Everyone is a reflection of what lives inside him. Everyone is born with a purpose in his life, but.... doesn't know it! Because they don't quiet the mind, which doesn't rest and struggle to enter the inner silence. Beloved, I have watched their actions and at the moment I see them conditioned, subject to the whims of human 'ego' and misused technology. They live what is superficial, personal interests, and other brothers are forgotten. This moment will reveal itself. My children are not prepared.... Until I send my envoy. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 26 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, my Mercy knows no bounds; I warn you immediately to repent.... my Love overcomes the transgressions of man; therefore, I warn you to ask forgiveness and recognize that you are not on the straight path; instead, you have deviated, some to the right, some to the left, but they do not follow me, they follow the one who is already on earth to scourge my people. He has prepared a crucible for them, and mankind accepts with frenzy what is new, even if it contradicts morality, faith and the very essence of man. Everyone has senses, and in one way or another these senses allow man to feel how he acts, but not everyone allows himself to hear the voice of conscience. Children, many creatures have completely thrown me out of their lives in order to enjoy without remorse - along with the devil, who celebrates these acts - the death of their brothers. Violence grows, encompassing so much that the same man cannot find a way to repel it. This is one of the great signs of the spiritual state in which the members of my Church are. By their fruits you shall know them. Every word spoken by one of my chosen and beloved priests must be aimed at uniting my children, alarming them and awakening them, because hatred surrounds every human being until it becomes a necessary complement in the lives of my children to remain in a state of mind outside of my Will. At this moment I have announced, as well as my Mother, the misfortunes that are coming your way, and yet man remains in complete passivity. My beloveds, you have become addicted to what scientists announce or do not announce. Most science is controlled and in the service of evil. Do not expect them to notify you in time because they do not want to cause panic when a comet approaches. Remember that the goal of evil is to eliminate those who are mine. Diseases are on the rise and humanity is not aware of it; be careful. My ignorant people! Few listen to my calls, knowing that I do not speak in vain, I do not proclaim in vain, I do not call in vain.... Those who are powerful have prepared a shelter to try to save themselves, but this will be impossible. Every moment my people are diminishing, for there is no one to wake them up and proclaim my Truth to them. Man is losing his masculinity and woman is losing her femininity. Abortions are performed without any human feelings. They will be punished for this gravest sin. Man, every time less human, is guided by animal instincts, not human instincts. Every human being is a magnet, which with its feelings, desires and goals stretches across the sea of human destiny, as in this moment when evil is greater than good. Man, with his ability to surpass everything around him, is capable of spreading his evil deeds to attract more evil upon himself. This is why evil is omnipresent. The great tribulation has begun; very hard times are approaching humanity, and those who refuse to change are heading for the abyss. Ideologies that are not Christian reign in the heart of my Church's hierarchy; Freemasonry controls most of what is dictated, and my people ignore it. Some people do not love my Mother because of her messages about how much man must change and sanctify himself. There is disobedience in my Church, new things will not bring the children closer to repentance, on the contrary, they will constantly profane me. Some of My prelates send My Mother into the desert so that she does not prepare My people. They have forgotten that I am their God, and My Word is explained to awaken those who are Mine, and it will not be silenced, but will increase so that the righteous will be saved. Children of my Sacred Heart, be vigilant. Behind some who are not priests and preach My Word, there are economic interests that keep them obsessed with being models for those who are Mine, and behind them the god of money controls their lives. Not everyone who says to me: 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the Kingdom of Heaven, but only he who does the will of my Father who is in Heaven. My people, My House has been invaded by some who do not believe in My Real Presence in the Eucharist, do not believe in My Righteousness, do not want prayer.... I am so wounded in my own House! They do not want my Mother to warn my people, even though she is the Mother of the Word! My Church is approaching schism, which will cause the greatest division that man has never seen. I want unity in my people, but they on several slopes are very far from my doctrine. They have deformed my doctrine to fit man. My law is one and does not change. When the doors were opened to Freemasonry in my Church, the plan devised by evil had already penetrated stealthily into the heart of my Church, thus paving the way for the usurper of the mystical body. I see a people so far away without me! They remain so far from Divine Love when they do not approach me and accept my Mother as my Mother! I have already announced to you my Second Coming, which I am hastening before all my children are lost.... my people must remain very vigilant against the liberalisms to which I am subjected and which are not my Will! The earth will be shaken by an asteroid that will alert humanity. Pray, My children, pray for the servants of evil, that they may repent and save their souls. Be witnesses of my Love, do not deny my Word written in the Holy Scriptures and do my Will. Pray, my children, for the United States, for the great eagle will lose its plumage. Pray, My children, for France, for it will burn in misery. Terrorism is advancing without stopping, slowly and without fanfare, until it becomes present in the pain of my children. Beloved children of my Sacred Heart, my temples are being plundered and desecrated with mundane acts; I am quickly being pushed back. I will soon examine you by Warning, an Act of Mercy from My House toward lost humanity. Beloved ones, volcanoes will awaken throughout the world; pray to calm them. Do not despair when they announce that I am coming; rejoice because you will see Me descending from Heaven. Be constant in prayer and action, so that you will not give evil the opportunity to fight you from within. Most of mine do not believe my Mother's warnings, and she lives in our will.... at this time my Church must be very attentive and must fight for conversion; you must not speak of my Word without knowing it and practicing it, for you will find yourselves far from Salvation. Creation is the work of my Father's hands, but it is not God. My beloveds, controversy brings confusion, and confusion does not come from My House; it is the property of Satan to divide My people. A divided people is a weak people; a united people is a strong people, because they feed each other with their wisdom. Those who are humble recognize unity; those who are proud are self-sufficient. My beloved ones, remain attentive to my Law, do not stray from my true path, for wolves circle around my children to prey on them and devour them. My people will not go alone, my help is coming, my help is coming from my House.... I am your God and My Word does not change and will not change. 'I am who I am' I will not forsake you if you accept My Law, which is one for ever and ever. I bless you, you who are blessed by my Father, because you do not go astray and are not afraid to follow the eternal truth. Pray, my children, preach to your brothers who are still asleep. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 28 2015 - Jesus Christ
Luz de Maria: 'behold the King of Kings.... In an embodied look of love, our beloved Jesus expresses, without hiding it, a certain loneliness caused by those He loves. He asks me to pass on His word. With a white robe, whiter than anything else from the light, with chestnut hair and a complexion the color of grains of wheat, with a great beauty that is not so much human as of great divine beauty, His spirit shines more brightly than any human could imagine, He raises His hand and, looking at me intently, says: my beloved, do not expect everyone to believe you. Just as not everyone believed me, it will be the same with you. A man believes first of all what he sees, and sometimes what he does not see; he believes what is easy or in some way beneficial to his life. My daughter, you owe me obedience; do not stop on your journey no matter how strong the winds against you are. I did not stop on my way to Calvary, so you also continue on your way. There will come a moment when those who judge you because you live according to My Word and My Mother's Word will have to recognize within themselves that it is not you, it is I who speak to you, and I command you to communicate My Word to all who wish to come to Me, remember that I was despised, I was rejected by those who called me brother, although I was not, the Nazarenes laughed at Me. But I, obedient to my Father's will, prayed inwardly for all those who shouted: crucify him! My sight was lost in the crowd, and as I walked with my cross, I saw those who traded in the Word of God as part of their free will. I saw those who taught people psalms for a few cents. I saw those who sold passages of the psalms and the Word of God, interpreted by their free will, recognized among the people, but unknown to my Father. My Mother kept me company, and beside her John and my faithful disciples approached Calvary, showing themselves to everyone. Most of my disciples watched from afar, others turned away in fear. But I, obedient to my Father's will, walked, seeing all the moments of humanity and looking for each of my children. I am still looking for my people, some are hiding so that they will not be recognized, others have so much fear and human respect!.... Some do not show their true faces, others, in a dim light so that they are not recognized and in a soft voice, speak groundlessly against my Word. Some of my other children, not understanding the greatness of my Love, turn away from me in the face of criticism and lies. And even then I forgive and love, love and forgive.... like a beggar for love I remain before my people, who voluntarily cease to be my people. The brilliance of all mundane things overshadows the mind, thinking and hearts of the people, who forget where they came from and acquire habits contrary to righteousness, as the offspring of the King they are. The moment is coming when, before Me, everyone will perhaps find that they have not lived in accordance with My Will, but in the light flair of what is My Will.... The moment is coming when everyone will see how he has despised Me on the basis of slander and how he has despised his brothers, living a false religiosity that is not My Truth or My Commandment.... the moment is coming for mankind in which everyone will see himself ...'at that moment I will be a spectator before man, who at that moment will also be a spectator of his own life, in which he was the actor of his deeds and his works. My beloved, I am so wounded! My angels are shedding tears for this generation. Human beings are immersed in the accelerated pace of mundane affairs and do not notice what is happening, with seemingly good intentions, within the freedom offered to them by the evil oppressor of souls to deceive them. At the moment what is real is rebellion against my mandates, I am despised, they respond to me with anger, wickedness, falsehood, lust, disobedience and pride, killing their brethren - some with man-made weapons and others with their own words. Out of hatred for the faith, the blood of so many innocents is shed, and violence increases in people who give themselves over to Satan, carrying all over the earth the fury instilled in them by demons. Pray, my children, pray for France and England, for they will suffer from the weight of the hand of terrorism. Children, nourish yourselves with my Body and my Blood, nourish yourselves with my Word, nourish yourselves with love for me, love for my Mother, reciting the Holy Rosary and offering to me all that you encounter as you go, so that you will be internally strengthened. You must be more spiritual so that you can be messengers of my Love. Pray, My children, for the United States will be shaken by the insidiousness of terrorism that will hurt it. Beloved children who comfort Me, I do not abandon you in any of your needs. My legions remain by the side of each of those who are Mine, giving them encouragement in their trials. My people are moving toward a new land, and to get there, they must pass through the crucible to purify themselves. Pray, my children, for Colombia; she will suffer; the land will tremble. I am not punishing you; stupidity and disobedience are stopping you at this point. The wails of the innocent who have not rejected faith in me will be the greatness of my people.... mankind does not walk, does not take strong steps, but passes by, leaving no trace of eternal life. They have associated themselves with evil, the desire to eliminate my people, this is the order given by evil, which through alliances with great nations behind the backs of mankind has given its hand to give power over the world, and which will later betray those who have given it their hand to establish one government, one religion, one coin. One will rule the world with a rod of iron, controlling the mind, food, clothing and denying man the right to assemble and pray. Then they will rise up against each other and, as if they don't know each other, they will spend on each other. This is my suffering for each of my children. From the point of view of humanity, so many alliances seem to have been made, while in reality their promoters are great rivals! And this brings the intention of agitating people even more, who look on as spectators to threats of war between countries. Beloved ones, the turmoil of this moment is seeping into minds - gripped by ignorance, stupidity, stupefaction and numbness of technology used in the wrong way - and is spreading like the wind, causing social uprisings in countries. In this way, violence and wickedness go hand in hand, which, together with ignorance of my Love, make man misunderstand my Omnipotence. The earth, which has welcomed them, wants to drive them out because of the horror that man causes when sin is excessive, as at this moment. The cramps of the earth will be incessant, the seas will tremble, and the prophecies will be fulfilled before a man who does not pray for the mitigation of the events foretold by My Mother, before a man who contradicts himself by carrying My Word, but going against what he proclaims. People hear groans from the depths of the earth, but do not know where they come from, ignoring that the layers of the earth are shifting, causing the groans to reach the surface. Beloved children, I suffer with you, I have not separated you from each other. Evil attracts evil, and good attracts good. They rise into the air to travel from place to place; and not content with this, man will rise into the air, bringing with him death in alliance with evil. At this time, man must duplicate knowledge. Just as evil knows the weaknesses of mankind, my children must know how not to fall into the snare of evil, and to do so, they must be more spiritual. People have not come to know me, even after more than two thousand years they have not yet reached the depth of knowledge of my Will. Do not remain indifferent to my calls. Visit me in the sanctuary, receive me in the Eucharist, come to me, live my Word, repent of your sins. Conversion! Conversion! Union! Union! Union! My people will triumph together with My Mother who leads them. I am with you, children. My care is to my people as air is to man.... my care is 'a land flowing with milk and honey '... my care is 'the light of the world ', 'the salt of the earth', if you are tested, be more courageous, keep faith and trust that I will not abandon you. Support each other, help each other, because I carry you on my hand. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 30 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you and you beat within my Heart. At every moment I defend you from the evil that lurks upon you. Children, you must be willing to distance yourselves from temptation and not approach it. Man has the ability to say 'no' to temptation, but curiosity is a weapon that predisposes man to sin. Man strives to have more than his brethren. In this relentless pursuit, they have transgressed natural laws, ignored natural boundaries and looked down upon God's Law with contempt. I have announced everything that the Divine Will has demanded regarding the future of mankind. At this moment, the future I warned you about is no longer the future, but has become a moment in time. Beloved children, man has despised the calls of the Creator, only a few have remained obedient in faith. All my announcements to you to increase prayer and decrease the evil deeds you have omitted in your free will, knowing that the coming events will not be undone, but can be mitigated by prayer, penance and fasting my children. They, however, mock me and overlook the Warnings. Children, you should have stopped before this generation gave itself over to the evil one! You have not measured the wickedness with which you act; you have allowed yourselves to be actors in a shameful fashion that grieves my Son.... people of little faith! You make a mockery of God's natural plan, and this leads you into exile.... The same earth that sways you will make you tremble.... You will examine yourselves, and then there will be darkness for three days. I cannot address my children, calling them only to repentance and prayer, but it is my duty as Mother to call you to examine yourselves, to call you to realize your mistakes and the wickedness in which you live, transgressing the Mercy of my Son. Are you waiting for the antichrist? Have you heard of the antichrist?.... Those who are still aware that the Tribulation will fall on my children are waiting for it with fear.... Those who do not obey the Word of God and do not forget about mundane things are waiting for him with disbelief.... little children, there are great secret organizations that control the world, which are hastily pushing towards one government, which will be the key to the entrance of the antichrist. Children, the antichrist is on earth and is carrying out his plan to bring man down to earth so that he can wallow in the mud of sin against the Holy Trinity. The antichrist has signed pacts, has come into possession of money, weapons, top-notch technology, institutions, religion and the will of the people who have given up their places to him. The Antichrist is in your midst. He has taken over the world and is currently maintaining control over mankind in terms of the economy, food, politics, population control; and he is manipulating the Scriptures so that politics will lead man astray from the right path left to him by my Son. You are experiencing the most serious moral revolution that has ever taken place in the history of mankind, governments have decided for themselves debauchery and human deviance, which will cause great persecution of my children at the hands of humanity unbridled, uncontrolled, without God and with a fallen faith that will silence the Church of my Son My beloved ones, I have called you so much to repentance, and you have mocked me so much! At this moment you are facing what you have been denying, the antichrist taking over the world. Those who are preparing the coming of the antichrist are those who are behind immorality, economic, social and political instability, in order to create chaos and thus dominate the environment necessary to present the antichrist to the world. Its culmination will be the fight against God's children. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, man cannot live without his Creator, because he will fall into wickedness if he does not resolutely repent and convert. This generation will drink the bitter cup of its own misused will, rebelling against its God. Pray, my children, for France; it will suffer greatly. Pray, my children; man's pride will lead him to war. Pray, my beloved ones; peoples will become agitated and blame my Son for their misfortunes without looking at themselves. Pray for your brothers who worship the god of money; they will not find peace. Beloved children, my Son gives Himself equally to all people, He leads all equally, all are His children. My Son shines like the sun at high noon; no one can escape His light and warmth.... my Son gives shelter to all. As the sun's rays reach even where there is darkness, so my Son constantly and tirelessly seeks His children; He seeks them even in the darkest places where they can hide to escape from Him. The solar star that shines with power is created by God and fulfills the function for which it was created, just as everything that exists in creation fulfills the purpose for which it was created. The one who rebels is man, to whom God the Father, from the beginning of creation, gave everything necessary to be in accordance with the Divine Will. Man rebels every moment, so much so that he hastens this moment with his evil deeds and evil deeds, his iniquities. Beloved, a certain event will shake the Church of My Son; terror will reach Rome to take what is not its own. The United States will weep because of the fury of those who do not love them. My Son suffers so much because man rebels against the Commandments of God's Law! The man who throws God out of his life falls prey to the evil oppressor. Beloved, you who continue to listen to this Mother, be witnesses to the works and deeds of My Son.... be love, mercy and forgiveness.... receive my Son properly prepared.... come before the sanctuary and right the wrongs of humanity.... be unity and brotherhood.... children, shield one another. As humanity remains in turmoil, the devil will attack my children with greater force. Those who remain farthest from worldly affairs will be better prepared to face the cruelest part of the trial. Whoever seeks the mundane in the mundane will perish? You must be like those who do not follow the current of the world; you must go against the current of the world to make a difference. The earth will continue to tremble. Do not be distracted, children, the earth will sink into several countries as if it were empty. Do not stray from my Son, for those who stray risk falling and not getting up. They are all tempted, but they do not persist, because the love of my Son has set them on the path. Beloved, these are difficult times, everything you see is different from what my Son preached. But do not be discouraged, because my Son and His angelic legions will protect you. Do not be afraid, this Mother is with you. I, who am your Mother, am here beside each of you. You will not be alone, people of my Son, come into my maternal arms. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 04 2015 - Jesus Christ
My most beloved people, children of my eternal love, I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my Mercy, I bless you with my Justice. My beloved children, this moment is a universal moment, it is a critical moment for all mankind. Beloved ones, I will punish anyone who tries to destroy the earth. My people have moved away from Me from My Kingdom. I have called you to knowledge, to delve into My Word, so that you can delve into Me. I ask you, who are those who have authority over my children? Those who know the secrets that have been hidden from My people. Those who have power over the world form a select group of people to command human history, but they forget that ...if they decide to destroy the world, I will intervene over them. You have forgotten that at some point communications will fail, whether because of solar flares or disputes between people, and humanity will be left without communication. You will not be able to know what is happening somewhere else on Earth. At that time you will regret that you did not use the help of my angels, because you never considered it necessary to stay close to them and keep them close to you. You will then regret that you neglected my Mother and did not call her 'Mother' since I started warning you. My children will cry, they will regret, they will tremble that you have not obeyed what my House is revealing to you at this time. When you seek wisdom, you will not find it, because it will be reserved only for those who have remained faithful, who have tried, and who have passed through the crucible. Children, so many false prophets have been on earth, giving wrong dates and causing unbelief at this time, when people do not believe my calls! You are heading for the end of this generation, not the end of the world. You will encounter all the trials of the signs of this moment, the signs by which I announce to you that evil is greater than good, that war intends to possess and exterminate a large part of the human race, that abuse of people causes domination, that racism will cause new uprisings, that corruption will be the introductory letter of those who remain ruling nations, and that violations will be the result of the degrading barbarism and lowered morality of man at this moment. Who is causing all these travails? The flesh-and-blood devils who live perhaps next door to some of you. More than predatory wolves in sheep's clothing, at this moment the devils are mixed among the wheat and weeds and have been created by the minds and hardened hearts of people who have voluntarily distanced themselves from the Divine Will and from my Mother. Children, I am not talking about the past, I am talking about this moment and those that will follow, when people have no faith and will move from one country to another seeking safety, but all over the planet the uncertainty will be the same. I have called on you to come to the Eucharist to receive spiritual strength and to grow spiritually, giving life to your prayers 'whether the time is favorable or unfavorable '. My children, those who do not pray do not approach me or my Mother; those who do not pray are not tuned to the same spiritual tune as those who pray and attract blessings with their prayers. It is urgent for my faithful to see firsthand the need to draw near to me at this moment of great spiritual confusion that humanity is experiencing; at this moment of great spiritual confusion - moral and social - at this moment when those who manipulate humanity in many countries must give people more meanness, because in the midst of meanness, the spirit of man declines and man no longer hears my voice or my Mother. Thus, when human beings do not live in truth, evil conquers souls. Wake up! Allies of evil give birth to evil for humanity. Thus, they create a generation of vipers who despise Me, insult Me, do not love Me, do not respect Me and encourage this generation to disobey My Will and My Commandments.... A worthy ruler preserves the dignity of his people; he does not encourage them to practice what is not My Will, but a trap of Satan. Children, how can you not realize that Satan has taken possession of the minds of the great leaders, and through debauchery and lust he is reaching My children? The Antichrist is on a layer invisible to the eyes of my people, but visible to the rulers who have given themselves to him to give him power and fame. My young children were trained at home, grew up in training, and at the moment are the result of what their parents gave them to drink, to eat, ...to live. Big business Hollywood sold violence to the world, and the world took the forbidden fruit and ate it, thus poisoning itself with wickedness, to give evil in all its forms to its brethren at this moment. I warned you, and you did not obey; I called you, and you rejected my call; I announced to you in advance the coming events, and you mocked them. My children, humanity will change from one moment to the next, without giving you the opportunity to do or change anything.... the economy will be the misery of humanity.... the poles will be reversed.... and my disobedient people will cry until their tears dry up.... Darkness will cover mankind for three days, during which you will be purified as never before because of the measureless sin to which man has come. In my Church they have flirted with evil, Freemasonry holds power.... My children, pray, the evil one will harm My children and mislead them. Beloved children, pray; the earth will tremble with force. Beloved children, pray, repent; pray for the United States and for Colombia; they will suffer with great pain. Beloved children, wake up! I call you to conversion; be a blessing to your brothers, do not join those who persecute my people, do not be those who deny my Mother with their words; warn your brothers so that they do not fall prey to the clutches of evil and lose their souls. Wait, my help will come from Heaven. My House does not leave you alone; true wisdom is coming, my people will be comforted, and my faith will be confirmed. Do not fear, be strong, do not waver in your faith, be followers of my Will, be attentive to my Will, be my faithful people. I bless you with my Most Precious Blood. I bless you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 08 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children, I cover you with my mantle of love. I cover you with the mantle of my motherhood. I intercede to the Holy Spirit to fill you with wisdom, so that you may know how to recognize this decisive moment and stop wandering under the appearance of evil, as if everything were going on normally. Children of my Immaculate Heart, you who read and love the Word of God explained in these messages of love, be assured that the powerful do not reveal the whole truth about the events that are happening. They are keeping mankind in anticipation about the economy of a country, and behind all these economic events they are proposing new laws with greater force, which work negatively on society and are unnoticed by man. The military forces are moving very strategically at this time, when man does not see, read or know about the small records in fine print, they are taking advantage of the economic situation in Greece. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, not all that glitters is gold. The economic interests of powerful nations guide them and devise strategies for man to divert his attention from spirituality and what is truly important and transcendent for all mankind, such as religion and morality, on which the children of God should be based. Indifference and lack of awareness about the events I have announced make mankind compliant and unable to see the strategies of evil that secretly lead mankind to avoid good deeds, defying God's law. Beloved children of my Heart, it only takes one provocation from one country for a war to begin and for all of humanity to suffer the corresponding consequences. Do not avoid my warnings as if they were meant for other creatures; they are for you, they are in front of you and will surprise you. My beloveds, the dragon is awakening to shake humanity, which is focused on mundane things. The dragon will surprise you by provoking the eagle, and the eagle will respond without thinking. Children of my Immaculate Heart, you will carry the burden of the Cross of the sins of mankind, mankind that has rebelled against the Will of my Son. Everyone will carry his Cross; you will experience it personally, without lessening the burden. The people of my Son will drink their own sins and will see their own denials of my Son's Word. You are living in the midst of great confusion, suffering from the disorder with which you gravely offend my Divine Son. Sin drags you down like water in a flood. You know the Will of my Son. Do not justify yourselves to hide the sins that have led you to the worst debauchery of all times, directed by Satan, who is thus preparing man to deliver him to the Antichrist.... The law was written by the Eternal Father, He is the beginning and the end, He knew very well what was happening at the moment and therefore dictated His law for all times. Man does not have the power to change the Divine Word. My beloved ones, in My Son's Church, Freemasons and illuminati are gaining power and especially at this time are influencing mankind, fighting to pervert the path of truth of those who believe, being in harmony with what My Son preached and what remains written in the Holy Word. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I am pained to inform you that some of my favorite children (priests) are hurting my Divine Son, because they have stopped believing in the miracle of transubstantiation and do not believe that my Son is present in the bread and wine during the consecration. This causes a weakening at the core of the Christian faith to minimize the presence of my Son and single out the antichrist. These erroneous schools of thought undermine the truth of my Son, keeping the power of decision-making secret, against the true Church of my Son. They are wolves in sheep's clothing. Beloved ones, I must tell this to humanity through my daughter, so that they do not continue in the footsteps of the wolves, but that they repent, lest they lose eternal life. The pain in My Heart is constant.... I will keep a close eye on the antichrist, so that he does not continue to leave the earth without innocence and stain the earth with innocent blood.... Do not expose yourselves to temptation. Enough, my children must stop appearing so insensitive to the calls from the Father's House! Enough, children! Do not persist in temptation, for you will fall for living so much with temptation. You continue to watch world events from afar, failing to connect the events that follow one after another all over the earth, not out of fear of God, but to provoke Him. My children, do not underestimate the magnitude of the world economic collapse; it will affect seemingly strong economies, just as I have announced from the beginning of these calls. My children are not confused; they know and practice God's Law, do not say 'yes' to sin, do not covet evil deeds, do not share immorality, do not accept injustice. My children are faithful and firm, they know that he who does not bear fruit will be cut down like a fig tree. Sin gains strength because of man's ignorance; evil gains strength because My Son's people are lukewarm; the devil takes more souls because of My indifference, when they are not aware that great indifference to the works and deeds of evil feeds evil and makes it grow. Do not deny faith in my Son out of fear; my Son's hand remains over those who are faithful to Him. Children, the refusal to discover the coming events - which most of humanity ignores - is due to involuntary denial, because they have not been adequately warned by those who are responsible for this information, but to deny what they are already living is indeed voluntary ignorance. Beloved ones, choose to live in the Heart of my Son, in Divine Love, being imitators of that Divine Love that this generation lacks. Children, society is rushing lawlessly towards the crucible without feeling it, because it is not aware of it. In the face of such behavior, evil hijacks human creatures and uses them to inflict more and more evil when they refuse to live in brotherhood, as my Son demands of them. Beloved ones, repent and receive my Son properly prepared. Unite yourselves with your King and acknowledge Him without delay, before humanity reaches the final hecatomb. Pray, my children, for Ecuador and Chile; both will suffer at the hands of mankind and will suffer greatly from nature. Pray, my children, for China; it will be strongly shaken by man and nature. Pray, my children, for the United States; man will make them weep and they will experience a great shaking of the earth; San Francisco will suffer because of its lust. Beloved ones, the earth is moving with great amazement because of man's rejection of the Creator; the earth is watching man's indifference to God's Will; the earth is cracking, communication will be broken. Beloved ones, I find your Hearts open to my maternal calls, through which I announce events in advance, because I love you. You are my children and I protect you. My mantle is the veil that does not allow evil to deafen you, my mantle is the Love with which I draw you, so that you do not turn away from the requests I bring to you according to the Will of God. Do not distance yourselves from the Sacrament of the Eucharist, pray the Holy Rosary, love one another with Divine Love. I protect you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 12 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. My blessing contains my love, through which I encourage you to live on the right path. My blessing is for each of my children, in which I do not exclude any of you. My blessing preserves my intercession for each of you, so that goodness attracts you like a magnet. My beloved children, It is the Will of my Son that I remain with you at this time, in this desperate struggle between good and evil for souls. My beloved Saint Michael the Archangel is fighting for the Salvation of souls. Saint Michael and his legions are constantly defending people and helping them in their fight against the forces of evil that surround every person. They are the helpers of people and have a mission that some of you ignore. The mission of angels is to serve, to be messengers of God, to help people, to be and to give love. Angels are constantly very attentive to humanity, vigilant, adoring God for you; they are your confidants and at the same time your guardians, they are servants of Divine Justice. God the Father created everything visible and invisible, so through all created things, man sees the infinite perfections in which God has revealed Himself, imprinting His love in all created things. My beloved, Saint Michael the Archangel, the great protector of mankind, does not need superstitious ceremonies to help you, does not need strange rituals to keep watch; he knows his mission and carries it out in obedience and love. What you must do is invite the angels to stay with you. Children, it is important that you do not forget the angels, they are your protectors.... By Divine Will, the angels guard you as much as humanity allows them. You can practice what has been revealed to several saints to invoke the angels, but the rituals coming from the new age are contrary to the Divine Will and are completely unnecessary. My beloved Saint Michael the Archangel is constantly fighting for each of you to keep you away from evil and save you from the evil oppressor of souls. In these moments, it is indispensable that you pray to the angels for help, because the devil is still lurking to devour your souls. Children, this moment is a moment of great spiritual attack, and you must empty all that you carry within you so that you can be free, but truly free, and so that you can go longing for God. My Son sends you all the help from His House to relieve you of your stumbling blocks and obstacles, so that you may be assured that you are not alone, but must make the effort and recognize Divine help. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, coexistence between people is becoming more and more difficult with each passing moment, because they have not deeply understood what love is and what fraternity is. In the midst of this moment, the forces of evil are causing great divisions among my children in order to weaken man's foothold, which is unity. Each human being is different, but in this diversity there is great unity among all, they are sons of the same Father. Beloved ones, mankind perceives itself in an individual way; from here come disputes, fights and rivalries, jealousy and envy.... these afflictions seem minor, but they are great evils that eat away at humanity and love for one another. Society has developed, but this development is causing the great spiritual revolution that I have warned you about in all my revelations; it is man's rebellion against God. Moving away from my Son, man becomes bound to evil, and when this happens, disaster for man approaches. I urge you to pray to mitigate all that I have revealed to you, but you will not be able to eliminate the events I have foretold, because those who were expected to give a positive response to stop these events did not give it in the way I warned them, in the way God's Will wanted. The misbehavior of man's deeds and works, together with disobedience to the Divine Will, are drawing down a wave of unstoppable calamities of all kinds upon mankind. Man despises God and confronts God, telling him that he does not love him. Divisions are spreading everywhere, from the Church of My Son down to the smallest communities, where social, moral, racial and religious differences are seeping into a rift that will be unstoppable until persecution is more open than it is at the moment. Humanity will cease to feel like one nation; they say they do not come from the same Father; they worship different gods like pagans; they kill each other; betrayals abound and will increase further. The clergy will be even more divided, and my children will be mostly confused.... some of my favorite children, the priests, will openly preach new directives to my Son's Church, causing division. Children of my Immaculate Heart, do not forget that my Son's Church must be more spiritual.... Conforming to the Commandments.... Familiar with the Beatitudes... Devoted to the word of Holy Scripture.... A connoisseur and lover of the Sacraments.... But above all, the Church of my Son must desire 'to love the Lord her God with all her heart, with all her soul, with all her strength, and with all her mind; and her neighbor as herself. The Church will be betrayed, persecuted, and its temples closed, not knowing that it is not the closed temples that keep those who live by faith in the Holy Trinity.... beloved children, pray the Holy Rosary, it has the greatest importance, but guided not by the interest of obtaining graces, but by love for my Son and for me. In the sky you will see great signs that will frighten man, and because of unbelief will abound plagues brought upon themselves by the same mankind, with phenomena never before known to man. Diseases will manifest themselves in various ways, attacking not only the body, but also the mind of man, in order to make it impossible for him to control himself. My beloveds, be vigilant; it is not only the epidemics attacking the human organism that should worry you, make you aware and arouse your vigilance, but also the epidemic that causes me great pain, the epidemic that strikes my Son's people, the continental epidemic of terrorism that persecutes Christians who live and profess faith in my Son. My Son is coming, my beloved ones, live away from sin. The earth will tremble with greater force in various countries, earthquakes will be received with horror by the people, but even then they will not ask my Son for help, just as they did not pay attention to the blood moons I mentioned earlier. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the Church of my Son will suffer from schism, before the unbelief of my Son's people.... before the refusal of my Son to recognize my Son as their King.... before the outrageous liberality of the people.... before the non-existence of values.... before the refusal to accept that Divine Justice descends upon man, magnetized by the same man who rebels against what is natural to man. Beloved children, pray for the United States; they will suffer; their lament will be harrowing. Beloved children, pray for Colombia; it will be shaken. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray for Chile; its land will tremble greatly. Pray, little children; do not skip praying the Holy Rosary. Pray, little children, receive my Son in the Eucharist. Pray, little children, for the deviator of my Son, the antichrist, is moving through the world and presenting himself to you without being recognized. The House of the Father watches over His children, and therefore offers to send His envoy to mankind, so that with the help of the Word of God he will encourage and save souls for my Son; he will bring the wisdom of the Holy Spirit to mankind, so that souls will no longer be lost, the righteous will not be lost, and the holy remnant will unite. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 16 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you abundantly with the seal of my Love. For Me, each individual is a beacon of light on earth in the midst of the densest darkness that every moment stubborn man implants upon all mankind. The grace of the soul is necessary for me to receive creation as the Tabernacle of my Holy Spirit.... grace draws me to creation in an undeniable way. The state of the soul 'in grace' connects the creation to my Will, which helps it refuse to act or work outside of my Law. My beloved people, I call for the unity of My people, I call for the unity of those who represent My Church, I call on them not to transgress My Law. My Law was not given to man for the past, but for all generations, including the present generation. Man will remain very close to his most inferior spirituality. If they lower My Law to man with the intention of updating it, it will be a great sin that will lead to the fulfillment of the revelations given by My Mother. It is the duty of man to obey My Law, because My Law prevents creatures from ignoring or justifying their evil acts and evil deeds; My Law prevents the aberration of human acts and the life of human creatures away from Me; it prevents evil from leading man to act in total debauchery, which has the effect of giving permission to evil to act in man with all wickedness, and thus the degradation of man will be unprecedented. My beloved people, you must realize what an aberration it is for man to attack me. They take the initiative to eliminate the innocence present in the little ones. They do not realize what a terrible sin deliberate abortions are. I suffer for all the children who are killed by the decision of those who gave them life. With the help of technology, scientists rob children of their innocence, muddying their senses, making them adult in their desires, which to me is a crime. Misused human freedom makes you slaves of the present moment, when you are under the influence of lies and debauchery, from where you will not escape unless you rebel against what is sin in disguise. They will tempt you with lies so that you will be happy in sin, going backwards, going backwards in every way, which will lead you to a dark future full of shadows. The future of man outside my Law is a civilization outside my Love, where no one will control you, not even you yourselves, except the antichrist, who will control you through your thinking - a slave of evil in the hands of evil by means of a microchip, a gadget that seems harmless, but those who allow it to be implanted will be controlled by it. My beloved people, you have made for yourselves a restless life that enslaves you, a man full of desires who forgets himself to live for worldly appearances that degrade him through hedonism, the pursuit of being by having. Do you know what this is? This man believed that he could find happiness on earth now and that after life he would be able to enjoy My Mercy. My people, My Mercy reaches the faithful from generation to generation, it reaches those who convert with a firm intention to improve. This is the condition for receiving my Mercy. I am a God of Love, and my Love leads me to keep mine on the straight path.... I am Mercy when a lost sheep wants to return repentant to the fold.... I am Mercy even when the greatest sinner comes to Me with a broken and contrite heart. What greater mercy is there than this for this depraved generation that continues to offend Me, denying My Justice, so that it is encouraged to persist in evil, acting and working without any modesty and with a morality that transcends man to fall into animal behavior! My Justice is real; it will not change if man does not change. Be careful, evil controls you with deception. My people, the forces of evil will not overcome my Love. To all those who come to me and do not deny me, we will give light to the infinite with my Love. As has always been the case, I do not act without warning My people, so I warn you of all the coming events, because sin must be wiped off the face of the earth. My people, don't you notice how many offenses are coming to me day by day by those who hold power in the world at the moment? You think you are an advanced civilization, but you are not, you are a generation completely detached from my Love, you are living, not living, you are slaves to technology that consumes the mind, the moment, love, devotion, feelings and turns you into robots, enslaves you, robbing your intelligence and preparing you for domination.... I will hear the lamentations and my Heart will bleed because of this, but my people must be purified in the crucible to return home. My people, the earth will be shaken by the lack of prayer, the lack of fulfillment of the Commandments and the evil intelligences that have entered My House. My Law commands you not to transgress it.... my Mother has lovingly called upon you to obey my commandments.... my Mother called you to be prepared, so that you would not fall prey to Satan.... but you do not obey, and this very disobedience distances you from Me, so much so that it leads you to feel comfortable in this disobedience, which becomes a habit, and the habit spreads like a plague, so that you will perceive wrong actions and works as good and normal. Disobedience leads you to acquiesce to the effect it has on you, on each of you. I wish to share all the goods of My House with you, but when I am rejected by humanity because of its free will, I withdraw to wait for man to call me by his own decision. This Word of Mine is for those who become aware of good and evil to return to Me. I will make my people return to me before the righteous are executed. Time is not time, and the moment has accelerated. Each of you must realize this, as well as the great share you have in what hangs over mankind; not only must you see yourselves to realize sin and its pain, but also realize that my Father will let mankind know His righteousness. My beloved people, do not forget that I am your God. Man-made gods will fall one by one. The money to which so many of My children are attached will collapse from country to country, causing social revolutions, great violence and great race riots, among other things, because people without money become desperate. A collapsed economy makes governments collapse, and that's when the antichrist appears with one government and one coin. Do not trust peace agreements between nations; they will betray each other. My people, do not sleep, the signs are before you, I make them obvious, but you do not give them their due importance, you do not fight for the Salvation of your soul, you do not change for the better, you do not grow, but decrease. Seek me, I love you, I am your God. Pray, my beloved people, pray for Israel; it will go wrong. Pray, my beloved people, pray for Japan; she will be shaken. Pray, my beloved people, pray for Germany; it will suffer. Pray, my beloved ones, the plague is advancing and reaching the great cities. My beloved people, my Mother has offered you her maternal protection along with certain plants from nature so that you can survive these diseases; use them well at the right time. My beloved people, no effort is in vain, every effort is for the good of your souls and the souls of your brothers. Be living testimonies of my Love. Every deed of my children extends to their brothers and sisters, and so, aware of this, act justly. Children, walk with confidence and share My Word. Those who scoff at My Word will be the ones who come looking for you to help them. Go with confidence and certainty, my angelic legions are watching over you. I bless my people, all my children, all mankind. Later you will enjoy the high noon, as when the sun is at its zenith, so you, my beloved ones, will feel the fire of my Love present in each of you. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 21 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, so great is my Love for all my children!.... My beloved people, my Mercy for my people is so great!.... My beloved people, I love you so much! I see the earth, and on it I see that a great part of it is a desert. These are the souls of My children who are giving themselves over to evil at this moment. My Love for my people is so great! Even in the midst of the great transgressions and spiritual afflictions that are in man, My Mercy is constantly overflowing through this My Word. I do not want anyone to appropriate this Word of mine, because my Word is for all my children without distinction, even for those who do not love me, because it is them that I call more insistently to repentance. My beloved people, in this desert of souls there are so many who have voluntarily exchanged their human hearts for hearts of stone! I look at so many who continue to give themselves over to evil to kill their brethren, acting as instruments of evil and thus preparing one of the tentacles of the antichrist. My children, you must remain prepared, because the antichrist - the adversary of my people, the most terrible persecutor of my people - is already among mankind, directing from a low position his for the time being anonymous leadership, and through this low position he has made himself known without being identified by my children. Since my Mother constantly announces events to you in advance, you know that the one who will try to pass himself off as me will not present himself before my Church as he really is. The most dreadful persecutor of my Mother's children will come to my Church as a helpless lamb, while inside him hides a wolf that will devour my sheep. Therefore, my Mother and I constantly call upon you and urge my children to listen to our voices and stop doubting my Word, for if I have not called my people by my Mercy and by my Justice, then you should doubt this Word. But because this Word is Divine, I must call my people by my Mercy and at the same time proclaim to them my Justice, because the one who loves me respects me and does not fear me because of my Justice, but loves me precisely because I am a Justice of Mercy. The father of the family loves his children, and at the same time admonishes them because he loves them. That is why I explain all that is written in the Scriptures, where each of my words has taken shape. My beloved people, I am closer to you. My Second Coming is nearer to you, and when it comes, I will hear the cry of those who did not believe in My constant calls, those who denied Me, those who rejected the calls of My Mother and those who were judges of My Prophet. I will come soon, children, in my Second Coming as the King of Glory and Majesty that I am, surrounded by all my heavenly choirs, my legions, my dominions, my powers and all my angels. I will come to you and not only the earth will shake, but also everything created by the hand of my Father, for the earth is not the only divine creation, but everything that exists, universes that man has not discovered, that he ignores and denies at the same time, thus denying the omnipotence of my Father. The earth is not the center of the universe; the center of the universe is our Trinity. What a small thing man became after he came out of my Father's hands! Although man is my Father's greatest creation, he has become the most useless and a creature that mainly offends my Father, me and our Holy Spirit with his rebelliousness and disobedience, as no other creature created by my Father has done against our Trinity. Even animals do not rebel against us as man does, refusing to obey us and refusing to be prepared, when it is for his own good and for the Salvation of his soul that he should be prepared. Man has sacrificed so much to take care of his body! Children, you idolize your bodies so much! And what is a body without a soul? You are committing a great offense at this time! Just when you should be striving for the welfare of the soul, for the growth of the soul and for the complete nullification of man's ego, because in these moments you will face greater misfortunes, the greatest trials that man has ever imagined, trials that are born in the mind of man and to which nature will respond. Beloved of my people, with what love I address you and with what contempt you answer me! You are accumulating wealth that will be of no use to you, because the economy will continue to decline from country to country, depending on the importance of each country, so the economy will disappear like water between your fingers. The grand plan to exalt the antichrist is bearing fruit, and this causes me great pain. It bears fruit because man's disobedience strengthens every structure created to make the antichrist and his tentacles stronger. My children, I know well that in my Church they do not warn you about what you should be constantly well informed about, so that you are not taken by surprise and in confusion you take what you should not take, and when you wake up you find yourself in the nets of evil. My children, the economy controls man, and through this control man has learned to exalt his physical body without measure and has learned to neglect his spiritual state. This is why most people fully ignore My Law. My Commandments were given for all times, they are not selective, they do not belong to any elite. My Commandments are for all my children and are not subject to any restructuring, any change, or any interpretation. I would be a false God if the Commandments were subject to change, restructuring. My Word is one, and evil will never prevail before that Word, as long as it is respected. My beloved children, My Mother has warned you so much on the enlightenment of consciences, and you are looking on, ignoring so many announcements of the Warning. My children, you are not aware of this. My people are causing me so much pain! I am approaching, I am approaching so much that in this proximity I will leave them before the conscience of each individual, so that each one in particular will look at himself and all his life. All his works and all his deeds will pass before his personal conscience, and in that moment, when the creature looks at himself, you will achieve what you have lost by sinning. My children, repent before that moment comes! Otherwise, you will not see the offenses you have committed against our divinity, but after repentance, the pain will be less when the sins are subject to reconciliation with me, after sincere and true repentance and a firm goal of improvement. Remember, my children, that I call on you not only to evaluate your manifestations of religiosity before me, but also to see the works and deeds, the fruits that each of you will present to me. My children, my people, at this time, works and deeds are fruits that will weigh more on the scale of Divine Justice, but these fruits must be born of love, experience, devotion and obedience to live in the will of our Trinity. And he who lives in the will of our Trinity does not rebel, does not refuse to love his brother as himself, and does not put his personal desires and appetites above obedience to my calls. Do not keep love only for yourself, first love our Trinity, love your brothers and do not act or work against the gift of life. My beloved people, be vigilant! Right now, the great powers are holding you completely in deception, because these powers have surrendered to Satan's power, trusting that they will retain their power over the least and defenseless when the antichrist exercises his inexorable rule over mankind. But those nations, those powers that are powerful at the moment and have sworn to submit to the antichrist's mandate, will be crushed by the antichrist, because he will not surrender the government - political, social, religious or economic - to absolutely any creature; he himself will exercise it in one government, through one coin, through one religion; in this way he will become the one who exercises control over all human creatures. Therefore, I constantly speak to my people to remain faithful, to nourish their soul and spirit, to be instructed in my Word; my Holy Spirit enters into them and fills them with wisdom, love, mercy and hope, so that you will open yourselves to the knowledge of my Love and not deny my Justice to a generation that holds me like a beggar of love, that keeps me completely crucified through contempt and disobedience to my calls, and above all through contempt for the Commandments. It is God's will that I submit, work and act in My Law. My beloved people, you will walk like wanderers, humanly speaking, feeling alone, but do not fear, for you will see My legions, if not with the eyes of the body, then with the eyes of the soul. At no time will you be alone; my messengers of love, your partners on the road, my helpers, seal my faithful ones, the holy remnant, the little fold that will remain faithful and fight, carrying love in word, look and Heart, helping those who need help to take the step that will lead them to eternal life. The coming moment is not kind, my people. There are great battles going on right now, of which most of my people are completely unaware. The important governments of the world are carrying out their plans to carry out the Third World War in order to bring about the collapse of the economy, and then to enter all homes, and therefore all human beings. My children, so many unforeseen things are coming to you! Do not reject the calls from My House. Each of my calls contains a great truth that I am sending to you gradually. Pray, My children, prayer is important. And after praying and receiving Me in My Body and Blood, fulfill the Will of Our Holy Trinity by being messengers of love, that Divine Love that I cause to dwell in My faithful people. My children, respond! Do not be those who engage in mundane matters.... do not be those who become allies of evil.... do not be those who act against your brothers.... do not be those who destroy the gift of life.... do not be those who become inquisitors.... do not be those who commit adultery.... do not be those who extort your brothers.... do not be those who share false doctrines.... do not be those who adopt false ideologies out of ignorance.... do not be those who attribute to Me what is not My Word or My Truth. My Law is one - love. My Word is one - love. But it is not human love; it is a love that surpasses human love. My Love is Divine. My Love does not oppose creation. My Love does not oppose man. My Love does not oppose My Law. Beloved children, you engage in ideologies that contradict My Word, you dare to compare Me to human leaders who have committed great genocides against mankind, and you do this precisely because you ignore My Word, for if you knew it in spirit and truth, you would not commit such heresy. 'I am who I am. I am the One who loves divinely, and no human creature who raised his hand to kill the greatest gift I gave to man and did not repent can ever be compared, not even compared to My Love, to My holy and divine teaching. Just as you dare to compare me to human leaders, because of this great pride and ignorance, you will accept the mandates of the antichrist. No, children, I do not want this for My people, and therefore I command you to immediately distance yourselves from those who dare to compare My Love to the previously mentioned human love or ideology that was raised over the blood of your brothers. My beloved people, instruct yourselves, get to know Me, delve into My Love! I did not come for one, I did not come to bring you vain and fleeting words, I came to give you eternal life. Therefore, the saints were sanctified in the crucible, in obedience, in love of their neighbor, in acting and working in my likeness, in doing the Will of the Father, even though they had to give their lives for their brothers. Those who claim to love me, 'let them deny themselves, let them take up their Cross and follow me' and let them not burden their brother's personal Cross. My beloved people, pray, pray for my beloved Greek people, that they may not be further deluded. Pray, for this nation will suffer and will shed its blood. Pray, my children, pray for Germany; they will suffer greatly. Pray, my children, for the United States; they will suffer greatly, the earth will shake. Pray, my people, pray; the earth is trembling, the water is rising to cleanse the earth. Look to the heavens, children, lift up your eyes, the signs continue to happen so that my people will prepare themselves. I bless you with my Love. I bless you with my Heart. I bless you and love you, you are not alone, children, even if you are already walking in tribulation, you are not walking alone. I carry you in my arms, and when you feel unprotected, do not forget that I will send help to my people. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 26 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children, receive my protection with the flame of my Love burning in every Heart faithful to my Son. My beloved ones, hard times are coming for the people of my Son, and therefore I call upon you to come properly prepared to receive my Son in the Eucharist, I call upon you to pray the Holy Rosary and to submit to the Will of the Holy Trinity. Children, the reason for my exhortations is for you to live by being attentive to your conversion; my exhortations are not for you to set them aside without considering them, nor for you to disregard them without realizing the seriousness of my exhortations. I need you to be obedient to my summons so that I can take you to my Son, so that your spirit may grow, so that you may gain strength and not let the road cause you to fall, unable to get back up. Beloved children, I love you so much! How I call upon you! How I call upon you with my motherly love, so that no one will perish! But you prefer to live in ignorance, not knowing and not understanding that the Father warns His own before something happens, so that His people can be prepared. Just as there was a conversion in Nineveh, so at this moment every soul is the greatest treasure of the Father's House, and as such I do not leave my children adrift, but warn them not to wander again. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be attentive when you speak, so that through the thoughtlessness or lack of prudence with which you misinterpret my invocations, the rest of my children, whom I constantly call upon, do not enter the path of perdition. Do not forget that you can do nothing without my Son, you can do nothing without prayer, without loving in the likeness of my Son, without fulfilling and loving the Will of the Holy Trinity. Apart from Divine Love, you will only be a light fleece. Children, you cannot go on living and not see events without delving into the great offenses committed against my Son by those who act outside of Divine Will. You cannot live as if nothing is happening to humanity, without noticing how your brothers are perishing.... no, children, no! You cannot call yourselves my children if you do not act to warn your brothers, and in doing so, each of you will be part of the great plan of Salvation for souls. My Son wants each of His faithful to participate in this Salvation immediately. Beloved children, do not listen to those who want to minimize man's violent acts or justify his actions against the gift of life. These are those who are determined to lead the people of my Son astray. Throughout human history, it has been God's will for His prophets to declare what man will suffer on earth as part of his purification in the crucible, as a result of man's free will.... but the prophets were and are denied by those who want to continue an ill-conditioned spiritual life, poor, without sacrifice and offering, tailored to man's whims, so that he doesn't have to know anything about what the prophets announce in obedience to the Holy Trinity. In this way, people deny that mankind does evil, offends God and transgresses God's Law. Beloved children, these moments are not for those who preach only eternal happiness or the gifts of the Holy Spirit for all the people of My Son; these moments are not for those who deny that man must move toward conversion before he is called to appear looking at himself in his manner, form and order of behavior, action and work. Beloved, you will not attain eternal joy unless you are cleansed from disobedience and rebellion against Divine Love, from the deeds and heresies committed by the Church of my Son, from abuse of the weakest, from lack of love, of covetousness and dishonesty, of immorality and lack of appetite for what is spiritual, of human stubbornness to the moment, of adultery, of hardness of heart and immobility of soul to which you succumb when you continue in constant immobility without alerting your brothers. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, to him who believes, nothing is needed; to him who does not believe, even the presence of my Son will not induce him to change his views. Beloved, the violence in man takes it to manifest itself in the form of social confusion. Man does not use reasoning, but gets carried away by sudden feelings that come from impulses beyond strict and impeccable judgment. With each passing moment, protests against governments will increase, greed will grow, and this is the moment when people who have money will grasp for their money even more, leading them to love money more than my Son and to neglect helping the needy even more. Beloved children, pray. The persecution and attacks in Europe come from Europe. My Son suffered for all of you, being a man of God, the second person of the Holy Trinity, incarnated by the action and power of the Holy Spirit, and continues to suffer for all of you, mainly those who do not believe in the mystery of His incarnation. Beloved children, this moment is bloody, brutal and seductive at the same time, so much so that every human creature wants to believe what is convenient for him, and refute or remove what he does not want to believe, avoiding the struggle for his conversion and thus remaining in the current of worldliness and sin, which is more convenient than the struggle against sin. My beloved ones, pray. San Francisco and nearby coastal areas will be flogged by the trembling of the earth and sea; they will suffer greatly because of this. Some who attack like lions will lash out at those moments when people are suffering. My children, do not continue to make my Son wait for your decision to fulfill the mission of the evangelizers of my Son's word. Therefore, I have called you to knowledge, to deepen your knowledge, your intellect, so that you 'may be prudent as serpents and innocent as doves ', do not let a moment pass and you will not become messengers of the good news, so that no one will perish before the darkness comes. Children, do not forget that the moment is advancing in haste, before even the righteous are lost. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my exhortations take you to travel the various paths of man's life on earth, for if I had not warned you, the people of my Son would still be walking toward the cliff. Be vigilant about food, they will deceive you, making you believe that they have eliminated transgenic ingredients that cause serious diseases in the human body; political interests take precedence over human interests. Beloved children, pray for Venezuela; these my people know well the pain and will remain in chains of hardship. My children, the moon will turn red, as red as the blood of the martyrs. Children, store up supplies, especially spiritual supplies, so that you remain in the faith. Beloved, the earth remains wounded, man keeps it in agony, the earth moves sharply, with great spasms, agitating the sea. Do not forget that the people who pray are the people who attract blessings. With these blessings they will succeed in reducing the scope of events. The people who respond in faith are the people who attract the blessings of their Lord and God. Children, you are not aware of the events you see being fulfilled before your eyes.... God the Father has allowed His word to be written in the Scriptures, because everything that is written will be fulfilled. This generation must awaken, and the only - the only - way for man to listen, obey and clarify his mind is for man to see himself humbly and place himself in God's hands. Beloved, the solution to the darkness in which man lives today does not lie in a 'new world order' ... children, be assured that this imposition will be the terrifying persecution of my Son's people; not only religious persecution, but also the constant threat that the destructive power of nuclear energy will be at the root of every conflict. Humanity being at war or constantly calling for war hurts my motherly Heart. Racial struggles will increase amidst the conformism of the man of the moment, driven by evil, who hides whatever is necessary so that you, my children, will not wake up. And you will hear of wars and rumors of wars; beware lest you be alarmed, for it must come, but the end has not yet come. For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom'. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, take prayer seriously, make the decision to convert, stay on the right path, do not let the enemy defeat you or change your behavior, be love. You are not lost, remain vigilant so that you do not give yourself over to evil, fight against the current of today's decadent and immoral society. Follow the calls of my Son. Heaven is not vigilant if it is not for its children to be saved and achieve the knowledge of the truth. The wolf is with the lamb, and my children do not discern because they ignore the word given in Scripture. My Son is returning in His Second Coming, do not forget this, My beloved ones. Do not forget that my Son is sending his inheritance to his people to give them milk and honey, where the Word of God will abound for God's people and fear will not overwhelm those who are mine, because the envoy - like an innocent infant - will radiate true peace, true love for my Son's people, with his Love in God's way. No, children, the Father's House does not leave you alone, does not abandon you on the cross. Each of you will rise up and, together with my Son, live the eternal peace that is born after purification, where there will be no more pain, and Divine Love will reign everywhere. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 01 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I remain with you to keep you in my Immaculate Heart in moments when my motherhood flows out like a spring where souls find refreshment. You are not in a fleeting moment or any other moment.... you are in the moment of all moments, when you will be tried like gold in a crucible. Your life, your works, your deeds should be in accordance with one goal, the Divine Will. You know that gold must be melted at a high temperature to purify it of any particles that could contaminate it and lower its value. Likewise, my Son's children must be tried like gold in a crucible.... such are my true children; they do not stray from the Holy Scriptures or the Eucharist, they pray the Holy Rosary daily and immerse themselves in the Divine Will of my Son. Society rebukes a person if he does not accept the mundane, making his life a valley of desolation; at the same time, the same is a consolation for those who have said 'yes'! All of you, as brothers, should look inward, into yourselves, so that you will know yourself deeply, and then, so that you can penetrate the Holy Trinity with one united conscience. As the Mother of every human being, I am the giver of goods, because my Love surpasses me. I was sent to save souls for the Will of God, I was sent to always guard and defend the way. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, there is an excess of evil deeds, intemperance, pleasures to a great degree, and vices are heaping everywhere, unstoppable. I see those who are heading for eternal happiness, and they are very different from other brothers who are lost.... and some are taken to perdition because of misused free will, and others are taken to eternal happiness because their human will is sacrificed and placed at the service of my Son. At this time you must be strong; you must know my Son, so that evil does not darken your heart or intelligence; you must devote yourselves, devote yourselves to delving into the knowledge of the life of my Divine Son, so that you are not of those whose heads the devil will take as great trophies. For lack of knowledge and because no one warns them, my children are giving themselves over to the enemy of the soul. At the moment man is not interested in spirituality, he is not interested because he was not taught about spirituality, only about religiosity, so man is not interested in rising to be better. Debauchery is a powerful weapon used by evil to separate my children from Salvation. That's why the gospel is forbidden in educational institutions, that's why the Word of God is forgotten, and that's why people will be willing to do evil, attacking their brethren, and will be used by the devil as a weapon for wickedness, abuse and torment, thus putting souls in chains so that they will not attain Salvation. Everything I foretold is coming true, plagues and pestilences will immediately cover the earth. Man will have no peace of mind in his constant struggle with what is lurking and will lurk to awaken him, to make him aware of his denial of divinity and his constant calls from human beings. There are so many children who try to rationally explain the divine!!! Using somewhat high-flown words in a human way, but completely meaningless in relation to the divine, words that cause great confusion among my children. The life of the body is the soul, and the life of the soul is God. The Holy Spirit dwells in the soul, and through the soul the Holy Spirit dwells in the body, so the body will be the temple of the Holy Spirit. Children, the Holy Spirit dwells in man, but man must give him good conditions to dwell in him. Be gentle so that you can be brave in times of disappointment, and so that you can be satiated when you have a thirst for God. At the moment there are so many who ignore spirituality, to which all people are called! They don't know spirituality because they remain indulgent to the designs of rulers who serve evil, rulers who command them not to love God, to get rid of all the sacraments, not to serve God.... and most of my children obey out of fear. Beloved, if this is the case before the ruler, what will happen to them when the tentacles of the antichrist strike forcefully against the people of my Son? Do not forget that as the wicked oppressor approaches, perverse people will come, wicked people, persecutors, slanderers, servants of evil and haters of what is good and holy, because they are servants of Satan. And at this time it is difficult to recognize them, for they are among the wheat with great falsehood. Pray for the country of the north; there my children will suffer because of their leader's rebelliousness against God's laws. My children are unrecognizable in their behavior; at the moment, humanity is alien to God's children, because injustice is advancing along with carnal passions, shame, immorality without limits; modesty has been banished from the face of the earth, immoral fashions have usurped it, and parents enjoy watching their children bare their bodies. Such great proximity to evil leads to wickedness gaining power over human creatures, to the point that the antichrist wants to rule over humanity, and humanity is making the antichrist's way easier every moment, as he finds no resistance. Humanity will fall into despair when it finds itself bound and unable to move, having fallen prey to evil in every dimension. When all of creation rebels against man, he will groan, sigh and wail, and will find no peace in his soul. Evil will lead them to abuse, persecute and hurt others so much that when they wake up, they will tremble at the sight of what they have done. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, these moments are not like previous ones. I hear my children say: 'There have always been disasters, there have always been earthquakes, there have always been plagues and pestilences, always.... Always. No! My beloved ones, never like now, nor like in the coming moments, when everything will be reborn. There will be more earthquakes and of greater intensity. Pray, my children, for California, and especially for San Francisco; it will be badly shaken. The water will cleanse the earth of all the evil that man has dumped on it. You must be aware of this and you must prepare yourselves by getting back on the right path. You must be aware of the reunion that must take place between man and his creator, you must be aware of the pain you are causing my Son with your unfaithfulness, so much human respect in order to maintain your social position, and above all, so much fear of the same man due to his lack of faith in the omnipotent power of divinity. Beloved children, no one knows the hour. Remain as if each day were your last. At this time, union with my Son must be such that all human works and human actions are in complete obedience to the Divine Will, so that you can counteract the evil and abusive behavior of your brothers. Pray, my children, for Japan and Chile, which will suffer from the fury of land and sea. Children, do not disregard my calls. The earth is moving from its bowels, and this constant movement, which does not cease, will reach the trembling surface with much greater force, and my children will suffer because of it. These are dangerous moments, my beloved ones. The deceiver of souls was constantly waiting in ambush, and now he is in constant action against God's children. Beloved children, overthrow the human ego. This great emperor is constantly issuing orders to please himself, mocks the value and valor of man, the son of God, therefore he will incite rebellion against everything that is order, peace, solidarity, love, mercy, life, honesty, hope and faith. This moment is difficult if it is lived without my Son. It is difficult for those who live in darkness, but those who are confident that 'they can do everything through God ' will see their way clearly, and Heaven's help will be constant. Because my Son does not abandon His own, His people will be guarded as the owner of a great treasure guards it. Children, 'help comes from the Lord who made heaven and earth ', do not despair, help is sent toward my Son's people to encourage you with the Divine Word. My Son's love for his own will not be mocked; those who mock it will receive their reward - solitude. And this is not because my Son offers them solitude, but because they have pushed my Son away and chosen what is easier and temporary, saying to my Son: 'go away. I can't stay with you, because then I would be despised. Beloved children, in the land where Magog stood, there is a great power that will invade Israel with its allies. My children, how often do all the signals appear; ones that the blind cannot see and the deaf cannot hear! You, my children, do not distance yourselves from my Son, and I, as the Mother of Humanity, am here beside you to intercede and help you. Children, do not wait until the end.... The warning is coming soon, which is why evil is accelerating its pace so that man will find pleasure in sinning, until human wickedness is stopped amidst great confusion due to the degree of pride from which humanity suffers. The sun will shoot out a strong flare and mankind will live in anguish. Beloved children, I am not calling you to keep you awake just out of fear or to keep you nervous. No, I am calling on you to be upset when you sin and not to want to offend the Divine Will any more. Have faith, those who offend my Son and persecute God's people will receive great punishment as a sign of Divine justice. I remain with my children, for I love you. Look up, the signs will not make you wait, and they will be greater when my Son comes near. Go towards my Son, join the Will of God, and do not forget that no matter how strong the winds are, evil will not be able to overcome good. After the trial, peace will come and my Son will sit with his people, with his holy remnant, and my children will adore him who was, is and will be forever and ever. I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 04 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My beloved children, the love of each of you captivates Me, attracts Me, fills My Heart with the soothing balm of those who struggle to submit to Our Divine Will. The love of my faithful children makes me constantly warn you - at every moment - so that you do not lose your way. As God, I do not abandon my own. My constant calls are to warn you of the events that are ahead of you. I warn you out of love. I warn you out of love. No event will ever happen without My asking you to come to Me ahead of time. No event will come to you by chance, because I warn you first. My Mercy is so infinite that wherever I see a drop of My sons' love, there I go and create an unfathomable ocean of My Mercy for all My children. This is why I warn you and call you to be obedient children in these moments. Beloved of My people, these moments are a preparation for you to draw closer to Me. These moments of My Mercy are for those of My children who are not adequately prepared, so that you will once again take the straight path that will lead you to Me. So many of my children belong to various religious groups! So many think they have reached Heaven ahead of time just because they belong to a particular group! So many of my children think they are saved and no longer try to keep the Commandments, the law that moves all of 'our love'! Each of you must become a follower of our Divine Love. My beloved people, belonging to a certain group is not what saves a human creature. There are so many great theologians! So many learn the Holy Word by heart, but inside it remains empty! There are so many who think that because they have acquired great scientific knowledge, they have already achieved everything! There are many who go day and night to their brothers to help them! And I love these works, but I also come to examine your inner self. So faith in itself, if there are no works, is dead. A slave cannot serve two masters' therefore works and deeds must come from the union of the creature with its creator. If you do not recognize me, if you do not love me, you cannot reach me. That is why I call on you to look inside you, because you cannot pretend to act and work if my Love is not in you, present in every work and deed imbued with my Love. Groups - religious and non-religious - that dedicate themselves to helping the brothers and sisters must grow spiritually at this time, must come to know Me, love Me, invite Me into every deed and work, because if you go it alone, you run the risk that your human will will will take control of you and that, thinking you are doing what is right, you will not obey completely. You run the risk of idolizing yourselves or other human creatures, and by thinking that you are doing everything, you are doing nothing. Beloved children, you must pray, you must learn to fast when necessary - those who are able, those who are not sick or unable to fast, must fast. I withdrew to pray alone with my Father, and found my disciples sleeping; this is the work that the adversary of the Salvation of men is doing. He has led you to become interested in other things, he has taken you to the periphery, causing you to set aside what is most important, to act righteously, to obey God's Will, and therefore to keep the Commandments, to fulfill the Sacraments, to receive Me in My Body and My Blood, because I am Divine Food. So many have spent years on other paths, doing other duties or jobs, and left me on the sidelines! But it is not too late, only at this moment you must seek Me hastily, you must pray that you will go towards Me and not towards false gods, because having not delved into prayer, into the Holy Scriptures, into the complete observance of the Commandments, you have taken as holy word what some human God, counterfeited by you, professed. My beloved people, I need you to immediately recognize Me 'in season and out of season.' I need the children of action, but in that action they must understand that I am first, so they will walk in safety.... I need My children to be united, not fighting each other, because I will see to it that I expose those who crawl on the ground like snakes at these decisive moments, betraying their brothers; I will expose them so that they will recognize their error.... Those who creep so as not to be seen, trying to subvert my works, will be unmasked. I need unity so that the walls will be strong, because '...whoever among you is without sin, let him be the first to cast a stone...'. So many come to me with tongues dirtier than mud! Because they have uttered slander and slander against their brethren, because they dare to blame and judge with the two-edged sword that is the tongue. My people, these moments are for you to walk toward Me, being truthful, to recognize your mistakes and learn to forgive - first yourself and then your brothers - for I come to separate the wheat from the weeds, for whoever does not bear fruit will be cast out of My side. I come to look at the deeds and works you present to me, but they must have the clear seal of my Love, my Mercy, and that which has not sought me in prayer, in fulfilling God's Will expressed in the Commandments, cannot have the seal of my Love. My children feed on love, my Love, and in my likeness they burn with love for their neighbors; it is not a worldly love that is coarse and offends me; it is a love that is born in the depths of creation, where no one can even see it but me. You must be aware that I have approached this generation because of the excess of sin that prevails everywhere, so that you may repent. Gradually the cup is being poured over this generation. Do not expect another generation before my Mother's predictions are fulfilled. This is this generation! And those who, in spite of the events that are happening quickly and with great haste, still do not believe, they will regret it; they will wail, and if that wailing comes from true repentance and regret, I will be there to give them a hand and lift them up, because I am a God of mercy. My beloved people, my Love is so infinite that it carries my Justice unconditionally. At this moment, creation is reacting to such a great insult from mankind. How can you not see that everything is accelerating.... How can you not recognize the signs of this moment? How can you not see the natural disasters that are happening with great frequency and intensity? How can you not be aware of the constant movements of the earth, much more so than in the past? How can you not see the occurrence of plagues and pestilence that you have not even heard of, which took place during the captivity of My people? My beloved people, at this moment you are in bondage, in bondage to evil, in bondage to technology, in bondage to indifference, to habit.... you are in bondage to ignorance.... you are in bondage to denial.... you are in bondage to submission out of respect for man.... you are in bondage to innovation in fashion.... you are in bondage to immorality.... you are in bondage to economics.... you are in bondage to misused science.... you are in bondage to spiritual blindness, with which Satan and his legions have invaded you to separate you from me, from my Truth; to separate you from my Mother, who constantly announces all that is coming, to prepare you in spirit, to grow in spirit, to come to me as you should have already done. My beloved people, be reborn so that you may unite with Me. I do not want any of My children to be lost, but the earth is increasingly stained with the blood of many innocents. My children are persecuted for bearing or carrying My Cross, but 'blessed are those for whom they are persecuted. Blessed is he who wears Me around his neck with faith, knowing that I am his God, and for this reason is persecuted and pointed out. Blessed is he who is insulted and slandered for being obedient to my Word and for being faithful to me. Blessed are My children, but in addition to being blessed by Me, they must know Me better, and they must grow in deeds and works, in witnessing and in warning their brothers. My people, war is approaching mankind; the allies of this moment will betray each other. Plagues and pestilences will appear one after another, because they are not sent by Me, but were created in laboratories. My Heart suffers so much because of this! I suffer so much because of this, because of man's stupidity, because of man's indifference to his brothers! My beloved people, pray 'in season and out of season'. Pray for my beloved Mexican people, because my Mother, being present there, is shedding tears because of so many children being removed and because of so much immorality that should put my children to shame. Pray, my people, pray for my beloved Brazilian people; they will suffer. The land will be stained with blood. I am suffering because of it. Pray, my people, the sea water will be contaminated. What my Father created with so much love, man has destroyed so much! Pray, my people, my Church will be greatly shaken. Look at the signs above, they will not stop giving signals to my children. Everyone must examine themselves, look at themselves, prepare for this.... I love you guys. I love you so much that I warn you, I warn you, I urge you, I urge you to transform. Do not trade eternal life for a moment of pleasure. Right now, what it means for human beings to follow what is normal causes me pain, because most of what is normal right now is a constant insult to me. That is why I do not abandon my people, my children. At every moment I send a creature to accompany my people, and this generation is no exception. My people, oh, how I love you! I very much need you to wake up immediately! Do not resist your God. Wake up! The deceiver is preparing to appear and take my people captive. My beloved people, get up, do not sleep! I am here with my Infinite Mercy and my swift justice. I bless you, I love you, you quiver in My Heart, you are the pupil of My eye. I am coming for '...a land flowing with milk and honey'. My people, here I am. I bless you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 13 2015 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of my people, you are the pupil of my eye and I hold you in the palm of my hand. At every moment I come to you, My people. My Love is infinite and that is why I seek you so persistently. I see you sleeping in the midst of so much evil, ignorance, conformity and ignorance. I urge you to abide in faith, so that nothing can separate you from Me. Even if the winds are strong, the certainty of My protection must keep you on your feet. My children, do not continue to live with such indulgence that leads you to submit to evil without resisting it. This is the tempter, the enemy of souls, the one who wants my children to be condemned to eternal fire. So many deny the existence of evil in the world! And these are the ones who strengthen and encourage souls to submit to sin without resistance. This moment, when temptations are too abundant, must be a moment for you to pray, to repent, to offer yourselves, without fear of your brothers, because you must be true and you must show your faith in me, your Lord and your God. He who denies me before men will receive his reward.... My beloved ones, chaos is in the midst of mankind, not notifying My. I call upon you to be true, to love one another as brothers; instead, you are going against my mandates at times when you should be abiding in constant adoration of the Holy Trinity and without faltering or feeling weak, so that our Holy Spirit will fill you with the necessary graces, so that you will not succumb to what is mundane and sinful. Be vigilant, my people, be vigilant! Chaos does not make you wait; those who remain faithful to me and my Mother lose heart and decline because of the burden of those who do not recognize the signs of this moment. Our Trinity warns you not to feel safe, thinking that you know everything, thinking that the events that are taking place at this moment are the same as always. My children, this is not so! The events of this moment are greater and are enhanced by the acceleration of this moment; they intensify to urge you to convert. At every moment nature has manifested and man is aware of it, only that at this moment whatever is happening is a prelude to the scourging that my Mother and I have announced to you and after which humanity will no longer be the same. This moment is for each of you to repent and undergo a radical change of life. You do not believe, and this unbelief makes a person not hear me, not love me, and deviate from the true path, throwing me out of your lives, and this is the reason why you begin to believe that my warnings and my calls are not urgent. Stop it! Do nothing wrong! Do not sin any more! The power of sin strengthens evil, which immediately attacks man with greater persistence, because evil feeds on human reaction and uses it to cause confusion. Evil is revealed not only in those who commit evil in front of everyone, but also in those who do not commit evil in front of their brothers. So much chaos in a person has caused that same person to become accustomed to it, and therefore perceives everything as distant and lacking the urgency with which I call upon him. When people wake up from such a great lethargy, they will groan in pain deep inside because of the lightness with which they have accepted my warnings and the warnings of my Mother. You must immediately flee from all evil! You must unite with my Love and my Truth. Those who deny the truth of the coming events are misleading you, and because you do not delve into how harshly nature treats you, and considering how you treat yourselves, you continue to quietly ignore or let go of what you should reject in yourselves. Evil exists, my children, it exists and it is determined to divide my people in order to weaken them, to make everyone careless and act and work against my Will. I see many of my children as dry logs that, in the face of the slightest temptation, fall down and burn, and when they burn, they do not struggle to go forward and return to the path to me, confessing their evil deeds, but burn and consume those around them and those far from them, very subtly, imperceptibly, carrying with them all those who are not resolute. My beloved people, I call upon you in this My Word through My Prophet to listen once again to My Will and not to go through life as if everything is fine.... no, children, do not be foolish! I encourage you to hastily build yourselves up in faith in the face of the undeniable crucible through which humanity will pass. Good and evil are in constant struggle; man's free will does not work only in himself, but affects all his brothers; therefore, you urgently need to become aware of your deeds and actions. My children, each with his actions and deeds forges his own Salvation, for blessing or curse, for Salvation or damnation. My people have understood that remaining before my constant warnings is more in my likeness, my people have understood, realized and been warned of the decisive moment in which they are moving. Therefore, everyone must work for the common good, and not attack each other like wild animals seeking prey. My will is that all be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth. How many want to be saved? How many are those who are a stumbling block to their brethren? How many are participants in the fall and perdition of my children, because they remain silent, instead of telling humanity about their tragic future? I continue to protect you, waiting to make life in you, eternal life; but I remain in waiting because of the lack of understanding I receive from my children, because of the accusations and accusations against each other, because of lies, jealousy, pride. My beloved ones, I call you to awaken, but you instead persecute me relentlessly, not thinking that you will not defeat me, my Word flies on the wind, feeding those who seek me to receive me. They point to my Word as false. Who will they blame for what is written in the Scriptures? Will they blame my Father? Will they blame me? Will they blame the Holy Spirit.... They will blame my Mother for speaking the truth and call her a catastrophist! Naive!... You are the ones persecuting me. I give myself to My people through My instruments. Thus, the wicked and stubborn will persecute those who are My followers. Therefore I come to separate the wheat from the weeds, the lamb from the wolf, and to burn the fig tree that does not bear the fruit of eternal life. 'I am who I am'-the eternal and infinite mystery of love; therefore I will reveal to you what remains hidden and make my Truth shine forth as never before. My people, pray, whether the time is favorable or unfavorable, but submit to my Will.... come to the Holy Scriptures; in them you will find everything you want to know, the answers to your questions, what you are to do and what you are not to do, what your deeds are to be, when your deeds are good and when they are not good, but come to receive Me, so you will receive My Holy Spirit, non-human wisdom, and in this way you will be aware of My callings at this time. My people, you are not alone, I continue to watch over you, protect you, warn you of dangers so that you grow. My help is for My people, manna, light and way. I do not abandon you, my Mercy is with you and will accompany you. My House will provide you with support, peace, help to sustain you, and my holy remnant will remain unshaken. My apostles of the end times will be a blessing to their brethren, but My apostles of the end times will be simple and humble-hearted, whose path will be protected by the one I will send from My House, as I promised from long ago. My people, wake up and pray for Argentina; it will suffer bitterly. My people, wake up and pray for Colombia; she will experience pain. My people, pray, for knowing, you do not listen, and not knowing, you disregard. Children, pray for the United States; its land will be shaken. Children, pray for Japan; it is a scourge that will not cease. Pray that the volcanoes will awaken again. My beloved ones, do not forget me; be the light of the world and the salt of the earth. My people are not afraid, those who do not have faith in My protection are afraid. My people know that I love and protect them. My people know that I have given them a Mother who loves them and remains with them in these moments. My Love and My shelter are in each of you the certainty of My Mercy. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 16 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you with maternal love, I call you to conversion.... Again and again I encourage you to abide in the path of my Son. You will not reach my Son if not on the path of obedience and conformity of your actions and works to the Divine Will, living and fulfilling the Commandments. Beloved children, my Heart burns with love for each of you. You are all my children and you are important to me. As a mother, I am pained by the refusal we receive to our constant cries and warnings. Mankind is carrying a heavy Cross that it has forged for itself, disobeying and abusing all that the Father has given to man for his good. My children, the events we have announced are intensifying and accelerating, but people do not seem to notice. They see our calls and cast them aside and forget about them, which is why my Son is speeding up this moment. Beloved children, out of maternal love I intercede before my Son for each of you, and I implore my Son that each of you repent, that all of you return to the path of Salvation. But as the Mother of the Word, I know that even then some will resist returning to the way of my Son, and this causes me great pain. Do not forget that before the Warning there will be great calamities that will sensitize the creatures. The great sign in the sky will be seen by all mankind wherever they are, and no one will shy away from being examined. This is God's Mercy, who does not want His children to be lost, but to grow in faith. My children, as Mother, I see that it is difficult for you to persevere in the midst of so many temptations lurking in ambush, but as Mother, I know that it is not impossible to resist temptation if you desire it, if you remain convinced that in order to be saved, you should not follow the mundane current, but be among those who, aware that they must achieve Salvation, turn away from what is sinful. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray for Russia; pray whether the time is favorable or unfavorable. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico; it will suffer. Pray, my children, for Ecuador; it will suffer and weep. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, everything I have foretold to you - not at this moment, but in past moments - is coming true. The economy will collapse because evil controls the world through the economy. Man is subjugating himself to the god of money, and the first thing the antichrist will do to begin his manifestation before all of humanity will be the collapse of the world economy, because by subjugating all countries, all nations through the economy, he will keep them all under his control. The evil one will come to help those who do not have food, who do not have money to buy what is needed. Don't forget that the antichrist will appear as the great savior of mankind; first saving and helping mankind in material and health matters, and later, once he has power in his hands, he will introduce the one and only religion to control them spiritually. Do not expect the antichrist to appear as a powerful person; do not expect him to appear with a whip in his hand; he will come as a docile lamb, and then he will be the greatest tyrant of all time. My children, the antichrist will come with great power, wanting to rule absolutely over man in everything man needs. Remain vigilant, do not be deceived. Remember that this enemy of souls will come to take possession of people, both the ignorant and the learned. Remember, my children, that the antichrist is forging his way through great institutions and great politicians. Humanity is plunged into chaos, and then the antichrist presents himself, pretending to help humanity, supposedly controlling constant epidemics, giving health to the sick and pretending to be my Son. Children of my Immaculate Heart, be vigilant, do not fear, do not lose courage, do not be afraid, my Son loves you. I remain with you at all times, without moving away. I love you, I bless you, and as Mother I remain with you at the foot of the Cross, in every groan, every sacrifice, every prayer, every request.... I remain with my children. My beloved ones, come quickly, do not wait, come quickly and enter anew into the way; it is urgent, children, it is very urgent that you enter anew into the way of Salvation. It is urgent that you delve into the Scriptures so that you are not confused or deceived. In the Scriptures are all the deeds and works of a true Christian. You will find absolutely everything there, how to behave, how to live with your brothers, how to love your neighbors, how to resist temptation, how not to go against God's Will, how to receive my Son with dignity and what the last moments will be like. Beloved children, do not reject the Holy Scriptures, delve into them and receive my Son in His Body and Blood, be love in the likeness of my Son. Come to my Immaculate Heart, in it I will protect you from evil. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 19 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you, I bless you, you are the pupil in the Father's eye. My Heart beats constantly for each of you. Beloved children, you must be clay in the hands of my Son, so that you may be the deeds and works of my Son at such a decisive moment. My children, you are developing in a society that is distancing itself, that is diminishing itself, and therefore your deeds and your works are not the deeds of a true son of God who fully observes the Commandments, the works of mercy, the Beatitudes and the Sacraments. You do not delve into the Holy Scriptures, which have rules and regulations for the daily life, deeds and works of a true Christian. You need to wake up now! You call yourselves Christians, and everyone has their own scheme of life, their own concept of how to live, how to act, how to work.... and some are wrong. Each of you who enters the spiritual path must clearly understand that in order to continue on this path, without falling prey to evil and without allowing evil to turn you away from the righteousness that leads to eternal Salvation, you must allow my Son to shape you anew, even when it is painful. You continue to act and work according to your personal will, without considering whether it is good or not. For you, this does not mean insulting my Son, it does not mean that evil can hijack you and make you betray my Son, and above all, you do not think that with such attitudes you are betraying yourselves and deviating from the right path; you act and work according to your will on the basis of very human interpretations with which you oppose my Son, who calls you and you do not obey. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this moment is decisive. It is of the utmost importance that you completely belong to my Son. Beloved, change your patterns, change your thinking.... move away from what you desire on a whim.... walk away from the past, if it can harm you in any way at this moment.... man's thinking is treacherous and leads him down dangerous paths.... Man is weak in the face of temptation and at this time you must be careful not to let temptation overcome you. The enemy knows that you are constantly struggling to get closer to my Son and be faithful to Him; therefore, evil tempts you where each of you is weakest. Resist! Do not give up! When you give up, evil takes you very far from where you last wandered. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, human stubbornness is man's worst enemy. That is why I am calling you to a final awakening, because at this time it is important for you to take off the old man, the man of the past, throw off your rags - the ones you keep dragging with you - and renew yourselves generously, renew yourselves completely. To do this, you must be strong and leave behind the rags of the past; otherwise, at some point, evil will take advantage of you and make you its victim. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, a great famine is approaching mankind, so I warn you, not so much to accumulate stocks of material goods, but to grow spiritually and thus allow my Son to multiply all that you have. Beloved children, this moment is the moment of all moments when everything I have announced to you will come true, even though the vast majority of my children deny it. Some deny it without malice, out of ignorance; others, because they know what will happen and want my Son's people to continue to ignore it, so that my Son's people will fall into the hands of the powers that control this generation. That is why it is you who must wake up immediately. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the earth is trembling and will tremble greatly; the expected earthquake will soon occur. Pray about it. Science used for evil interferes with nature. This has been hidden from you, my children, but my angels will come to your aid, you are not alone. The evil that man wants to do will not always happen. My Son protects His people and that is why He calls you to remain faithful to Him. There will be great changes, volcanoes will erupt and cause geographical changes. Beloved children, it is the persistent sin of man that has awakened nature, and this nature, created by the Father's Hand, wants you, My children, to take the path of holiness again. My children, great trials await you, because you will not be accepted by your brothers. You are going against the current of the world, and what is mundane does not accept you, does not see you with acquiescence and approval. That's why you are not welcomed and not looked upon favorably by your brothers, that's why they will persecute you. Remain in the state of Grace, be strong; whoever abides in faith with the love of my Son and is unshaken, he receives all Divine help. Beloved children, so many deny the presence and work of the antichrist in this generation! Poor them; they will grieve greatly, because he is already at work, destabilizing the entire world! The economy is collapsing, and with it all people are destabilized, and the antichrist will find the greatest opportunity to hypocritically reach out to man by establishing a single coin. Follow the steps and development of the economy. He will then develop his strategy to control all mankind, achieving at the end the closing of the temples and the refusal to receive the Body and Blood of my Son. Therefore, I call upon you to allow my Son to transform you, to leave behind the rags you still wear, so that you may be new creatures whom evil will not be able to seize. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be very careful, at this moment there is a proliferation of groups that call themselves prayer groups or spiritual groups, a proliferation of those who call themselves instruments of my Son, but not all of them are true.... any group based on non-observance of the Father's Will, the Commandments, the Eucharist, prayer, action on behalf of the brethren, is not trustworthy. Those who, for special reasons, do not take Communion, must lead a spiritual life like any good Christian and offer spiritual Communion; I do not abandon you. Do not let evil deceive you. My Son came to redeem you, and at this moment his true instruments call for conversion, and there is no conversion without repentance, without a change of life, and this will not happen if you do not approach the Bread of Life, if you do not fulfill the deeds and works of my Son. As you walk toward my Son, you must bring works, do not be satisfied with mere prayer; it is action and work that is love for your neighbor, that is practice, that is taking him by the hand and bringing him to my Son, and this is accomplished through the personal witness given by each of you and through the desire of all your brothers to participate in the infinite joy. But these works will not reach their fullness if you do not draw near to my Son to strengthen and guide you, if you are not immersed in the love of my Son. Beloved children, those who remain lukewarm will be spit out of the Mouth of the Father; all who gather in the name of my Son have only one love, only one God, only one guide, only one leader.... and that is my Son. Those who have foundations and build themselves on human leaders and human ideologies are not in line with God's Will. Groups or communities that are not Christocentric also move away from my Immaculate Heart; 'faith in itself, if there are no works, is dead ', but works without my Son and without the fulfillment of the Commandments are not true works. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray earnestly for Japan; it will continue to be a source of contamination for all mankind. Pray for Finland, which will suffer greatly. Pray, my children, terrorism will soon bring great suffering to my people. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be faithful disciples of my Son. At this time none of you can be a half-hearted disciple, for he who remains halfway will fall and fall, will not resist trials, will not resist temptations and will fall prey to evil. Children, renew yourselves, be faithful; pray, my children, pray 'whether the time is favorable or unfavorable ' because you will soon be examined as a great act of God's mercy, before the fulfillment of the other warnings I have announced, which will cause the entire development of the great tribulation you are expecting. The people of my Son are a people of courage, a people who pay attention to their Mother, a people who know that the Mother loves them and that for you I continue to bring my Word as a faithful Advocate for my children. A mysterious disease is coming that will attack the nervous system. My children, remain faithful and have faith in my Son and in the help of this Mother, place yourselves under my maternal mantle and trust that you will never be abandoned by this Mother. Wait patiently, because after tribulation comes peace, and my Son will send His help from above so that you will continue to be protected by Divine Protection. My children, do not forget to invite Me, do not forget to call upon Me saying, Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived! I keep you in My Heart, the Ark of Salvation. I love you, you are my children, I will not abandon you. I bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 24 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, as the Mother of Humanity, I bless you, and with this blessing I encourage you to remain united in faith before the Holy Trinity, in accordance with God's will. My mantle is the sign of my motherhood, under which I hide all people without distinction.... my mantle is a revelation to all mankind, because within it is the dome of the universe, created by God the Father.... I am the Queen and Lady of the angels, and my legions are waiting for those who are mine to call upon them, and they will immediately come to your aid. My beloved ones, mankind is besieged by the emissaries of the evil one, who kidnap human beings who do not have God and take them to perish their souls. You don't see them, but temptations are constantly lurking in ambush to make you fall into sin. At this time, it is necessary and essential for man to follow the precepts of my Son, without changing or interpreting them, because it is a law that does not change. Beloved children, do not be distracted by things that the evil one puts in front of you to prevent you from focusing on this moment, which is precious; do not be distracted by things that are irrelevant to you and will only distance you from my Son. Given the continuing wave of indifference to fellow human beings, the killing of the innocent and the violation of God's Law, this generation lives for the moment. Immorality remains the normal rule, and values have been minimized so that man, who is a creature of God, forgets the principles that govern him. At the moment, my children are being persecuted in several countries, which causes my Heart great pain; evil rejoices in attacking my children and making them suffer terrible hardships. Therefore, Heaven is weeping, because this misfortune will spread with terrorist acts for the joy of evil and my pain. Unbelievers abound, denying everything related to the calls of my Son and my calls to humanity, our calls to conversion, before the night no longer allows my children to respond. The mind of man has become the outline of the structure in which they have imprisoned my Son and dared to limit Divine Omnipotence, in order to minimize the fact that my Son and this Mother are warning this generation, which is sinking ever deeper into perdition. The great elite that rules the world and thinks it decides the fate of humanity is responsible for humanity's distancing from the One who created it. The rulers are led by those who decide the destiny of humanity, a humanity that has been sold to them by those same rulers. Beloved children, wake up! Look at all that is happening! Several events may be happening right now, events that I announced to you earlier so that you would prepare yourselves; the tentacles of the Antichrist are moving faster than my children, because my children remain in lethargy, asking where to go and what to believe, due to their lack of knowledge not only of the Holy Scriptures, but also of the Commandments, the Sacraments, the works of mercy, the Beatitudes, the Deadly Sins, they do not know the value of the Eucharist, and they do not know why they must remain in the state of Grace. My children are growing in the shadows, where they have not received light as at noon, so that under the rays of the Holy Spirit they can receive the necessary gifts and not become a shadow, but on the contrary, be a light and a witness to their brothers and sisters. Beloved children, at this time there are so many who talk about the days of darkness, and when they panic, they often stock up on candles, which they take to bless them! And the more candles they have on hand, the better! Children, will a candle light if its owner is someone who is in mortal sin and who refuses to repent for the sins he has committed? And those who insult and deny my Son, will their candles light? Those who live because of false gods of men, will their candles light? And those who, though devoted to my Son, have perverted God's children from the true path and from the full upbringing that would have kept them away from sin, will their candles be lit? No! Beloved children, in order for the candle to give its light, the creation must, remain united with my Son.... be aware of what it means to be a son of the King.... remain firm and overcome temptation.... distance yourself from everything that concerns novel ideologies that separate you from the true path.... know my Son and His word.... love your neighbors in spirit and truth.... be humble and recognize that you have offended my Son and, with a firm purpose of correction, ask Him for forgiveness.... my children are creatures of action, persevering in prayer, and at the same time they know that when they pray the Rosary, they receive great blessings, not only personally, but also for those for whom they offer prayer, and for their brothers and sisters, even for those whom they do not know, but who need spiritual help at the moment. The blessings that come from praying the Holy Rosary are countless, because those who pray it receive my help, and my angels watch over them and protect them. The evil one moves away from the one who prays without haste, and not just to fulfill something he does not want. In the Holy Rosary you must find the joy of union with my Son and with this Mother. My beloveds, the invocations of so many different times are the same as they are now, at this moment; they do not differ in content, they differ in the urgency of your compliance with each of my requests. This moment has been seized by Satan and his legions, misleading all of humanity, especially those who have accepted the god of money as the God of their lives. These will panic, and when they find that they are spiritually empty, many will take their own lives. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray for the United States; it will be scourged by nature. Beloved children, pray for Israel; it will enter into a great conflict. Beloved children, pray for Korea; it is hanging on by arrogance. Children, do not falter; grow in the knowledge and love of my Son; abide in prayer. In view of the fulfillment of my revelations, my children will be tested in love, and in an instant the day may become night. The power of man's weapons is to be used to the sorrow of all mankind. Man does not create something he will not use. Man enters into civil unrest in several countries at the same time. My children, the earth trembles and the sky brightens. Pray 'in season and out of season', 'whether the time is favorable or unfavorable', and with your prayers, be active on behalf of your brethren through the word, so that when you alert your brethren, they will see the merciful love of my Son, being aware of Divine Justice. Humanity will experience painful moments.... there will be amazement when modernism, which my Son does not want, will come from the United States, when policies will be announced in the United States that will bring confusion to the mystical body of my Son. People of my Son, remain faithful! You will not find eternal life on earth, but on earth you will gain the merits needed to attain eternal life. Beloved children, do not be afraid, all Divine Love will be poured out on my Son's people and together with my heavenly legions you will walk towards eternal life. I, as Mother, intercede for you at every moment, I do not abandon you. Remain faithful to the guidance of my Son and this Mother. Trials and crucible are necessary for you to attain eternal life; at this moment you are forging the crown of glory. Children of my Immaculate Heart, God's infinite mercy rewards momentary suffering with boundless glory; remember that 'it is more blessed to give than to receive ', obedience is God's delight, even if it means opposing what is worldly. You, my beloved, were not born to perish in eternal fire, but to enjoy eternal glory. Be active, carry the word to your brethren; passivity and laziness are mates, and laziness is a grave sin. Do not be deceived, prepare for the Salvation of the soul, live to participate in eternal joy. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 27 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, all human beings remain in my Love; even for a moment I do not withdraw my Mercy towards my people, whom I love with an everlasting love, whom I forgive and pardon when they come to me repentant and with a firm intention to improve. Because of my great and Infinite Love for each of you, I look with pain at your human weaknesses; however, to those who plead with me for help, I send fortitude so that they will not fall, so that they will be strengthened not only with courage, but also with my Love. People must ask me to send my help, I respect their free will and wait for the call. At the moment, there are more of those who forget than those who invite me into their lives; there are more of those who persist in false ideologies than those who follow me. People follow the masses, and the masses go against my mandates because debauchery makes them see surreptitiously and with indifference the austerity in which they live. My children suffer from communism, they suffer in many places on earth, where people do not see each other as brothers, but as enemies. Those in power have exiled their brothers, they torment them, and they rejoice in it; and these are only the appearances of the suffering that will result from this ideology as it develops, this ideology that will fight to weaken the rest of humanity, and which my Mother called for to be defeated, but was not obeyed. My beloved ones, you do not remember me as you should; some live a false religiosity without commitment, without deeds that would betray them before their brothers.... there are a few who live in constant struggle to conform to our Divine Will.... there are a few who share my Word and delve into the knowledge and fulfillment of the Scriptures because they want to follow in the footsteps of discipleship, which is what I want the disciples of the end times to act without ceasing.... This moment is not for my children to remain static, but to act for the benefit of those who do not know me and those who know me but stumble. I seek humility in creatures. To a humble creature I give the wisdom that the scholars do not have. There are too many who think they are in agreement with my Will and dare to tell me what is permitted and what they do not consider permitted, so that I can act on one of my creatures. They overlook the fact that with the first disciples the apostleship of my Church did not end, it continues as the duty of each of you, but you have renounced the continuation of this duty; and when the majority renounces this designation, I send my Holy Spirit to work on the souls of those who still have the right disposition to accept my Word as the rule of life. So much man disregards! And man contradicts me so much when I say, 'Repent and believe in the Gospel.' But pride is more powerful than recognizing My Word, the one I explain for the sake of all mankind. They ask for mercy and my Mercy is before each of them, but how do they respond to my Mercy? This is the moment of all moments, and you are afraid of My warnings; but if you were not afraid, if you repented and made amends, so many souls would find Salvation! You are afraid of my exhortations and the exhortations of my Mother, the exhortations to repent before the events that confront you, but you do not change your ways even in the midst of this critical moment, when events are constantly lurking in ambush. You deny the signs of this moment, you deny the fact that this generation is throwing itself against the gift of life, killing millions of innocents through voluntary abortion and the murder of those who think they have a right to the lives of their brothers and sisters because they do not profess the same faith. Man eliminates innocence from the earth, allowing the enemy of the soul to take what he wants, because man gives in to the insatiable desire for sin, with which evil invades humanity, preparing it to receive the one who will rise up against My people. My children, I am the Righteous Judge, My Righteousness is actual, otherwise I would not be God. Therefore, those who deny My Justice open the door for Satan to take what is Mine, souls. You are going towards the abyss, mankind has prepared a painful future for itself, one that it forged with its own hands, and will have to carry the heaviest Cross that mankind has ever carried. The love of money makes people panic and overwhelms them with despair. At the moment, people feel relief at the news of the economy, although this will not last long; there will be a slight hope for the powerful, but in a short while agitation and despair will reappear. Children, you do not see the path that has been laid out for you, because you do not see me and do not believe; otherwise you would clearly understand everything I have told you. Malice instills fear, so you don't realize what I am warning about.... so you deny my warnings.... Therefore, you will not be prepared and he may catch you in his grasp and then use you to act against your brothers with your consent, as if it were right.... children, my Heart bleeds for each one of you who is lost, and before you are lost, I come before each one of you, seeking your repentance, I send my angels to show you your error, but you are blinded by fashion and immorality and do not hear any calls or see my angels, for you are consumed by sin. My people, the specter of war will no longer be a specter, to turn into a sad and fearful reality. The nations are agitated, man feels the proximity of war. Children, you will suffer so much! Many horrors will come in an instant, without looking for it! There will be famines and plagues, the heat will be suffocating, compounded by weapons. I, your God, will not forsake my people, those who strive, those who struggle with themselves so as not to disobey me, those who keep away from all mundane matters so as not to be tempted - because they know they are weak and may fall - those who remain attentive to the explanations of my Word. Be obedient to my commands, do not oppose my gift in the Eucharist, at all times be a living witness to all that I have revealed to you. Pray, my children, pray for the United States; it will suffer greatly, it will be shaken and scourged by its enemies. Pray, my children, for Colombia; its land will be shaken and its people threatened. Pray, my children, pray for China; it is not showing the truth about its economy, lest it cause panic among humanity. Pray, my favorite children (priests), that at any time you cling to my Word and to my Mother.... The waters will still be willing to wash away the sin of man. My beloved people, do not wait for a distant God, I am in each of you, seek Me inside each of you, and where only you and I speak to each other, with all My Love, I will take My sheep, those who follow Me and those who are lost. My beloved people, do not be unprepared, each will examine himself. Repent quickly. Beloved ones, darkness will come unexpectedly, and the wicked one will send his devils to earth and, together with thunder and lightning, will torment man endlessly. My people, I am not frightening you, I am explaining the events, because all this gibberish does not allow you to hear, and you intend to continue like this. But the hand of man has forged its own path. My Love does not cease, it is a constant emanation of good for each of you. Be proclaimers of My Word: 'I am who I am,' and I will speak to each of you, I will feed you as I feed the birds of the field, I will soothe your pain and satisfy your thirst, for 'I am the Lord your God.' I bless you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 01 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children, I love each of you as if you were the only human creature, I am the Mother to whom my Son calls you, regardless of your age; each of you has the strength from the Holy Spirit to continue to be faithful children and living testimonies of my Son's love for each of you. Children, you know that you are living the fulfillment of my revelations, to which you must pay due attention. There is a cleansing before the Second Coming of my Son, and at the same time it is the defeat of the system that the antichrist has been creating for thousands of years, in order to implement it at this moment and for humanity to see it as normal. My children, political control, ideological control, economic control, technological control and misguided religions are the foundations on which the antichrist is stealthily establishing himself in the midst of humanity, producing man's rebellion against God at this moment. Children, the economic crisis you are experiencing is not over yet, it will continue to worsen, creating chaos and instability such as has never been seen before. The Lord of mankind will fall, and man without money will lose control over his actions, becoming unrecognizable. This will be the moment when evil will propose the creation of a one and only government as a solution to save man, and will use this moment to commit terrorist acts on a grand scale, and plunge man into a struggle for survival. As the Mother of all people, I must warn you of what you are experiencing and will experience, but at the same time I must assure you of the irrefutable victory of my Son over the forces of evil. This phase of the Great Tribulation is what my Son foretold to you as the beginning of calamities, when 'nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and there will be pestilence, famine and earthquakes in various places.' Man will see what he has never seen..., man will live what he has never lived..., because those who hold power in the world's powers will lose it to give it to a unified system of one and only power. The Antichrist will have this form of power over the world. My beloved children, the Church of my Son must preserve the faith and unity with my Son, and must not engage in political pacts, because it would enter deadly territory because of the inevitable confrontations it would engage in with the world represented by politics. My beloveds, wake up at this time! Later on, you will want to hear one word, and you will not find it when the true children of the Most High are disabled to convey that word. Wake up at this moment! When my calls are fulfilled and you remember these calls of mine.... you will regret so much that you did not believe! Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the imbalance in man has affected his faith and he has become rebellious and unbelieving under the pretext of remaining in society. Man's heart has hardened to the point that a single thought can turn him against his brethren, make a human being react like a cruel persecutor, like a terrorist, or cause someone's death, or feel pleasure in executing those he believes are outside his beliefs. Do not submit to trials, you know full well that you will be preserved and protected.... Preserved beyond what can be explained naturally or scientifically, because he who preserves and obeys the Divine Word and its patience will be protected in times of trial. Beloved children, my warnings are for you to prepare yourselves, not for you to fear and freeze; they are not for excuses, but for good purposes and fulfilled works. My children must fulfill works of mercy and be a light to those who are in darkness. Man has destroyed nature and there will be a merciless famine. Only God knows the day and hour of all that is coming, that is why there are signs, one after another, but my children do not pay attention to the signs because they do not believe, and arrogance makes them think that they deserve all mercy. My beloved ones, listen to my exhortations, look beyond what you think you are doing right; look, events are spinning out of control, one by one, increasing in order and severity. Pray, my children, pray for Japan; it will continue to contaminate humanity before part of it is washed away by the sea. Pray, beloved children, pray for the United States; the pain will reach the hands of the people. Pray, the earth will be greatly shaken. Pray, beloved children, pray for Hungary. Pray, beloved children, pray for Venezuela; oppression will increase. Pray for Colombia and for Chile; they will be shaken. Beloved children, without the Source of Love for the Word of my Son, every creature will experience its crucible in the face of a sequence of acts and works contrary to the Will of God, until it repents. This moment requires faith to listen and humility to believe.... The Pharisee arrives at the temple and receives My Son; then he leaves and his life is a constant wave of transgressions and mistreatment of his neighbors, disagreements with those around him, impatience with everything, his pastime is everything forbidden and outside the Commandments. He tries to forget the conflicts he lives with and immerses himself in false doctrines and modernizations, he feels properly dressed because of his presence in God's house, but away from God's house he is an instrument of evil. Children, be afraid to offend my Son. Be faithful followers of the deeds and works of a true Christian who is instructed in the Scriptures and knows the Will of God, so as not to be misled. Remember that 'not everyone who says to me: Lord, Lord, will enter the Kingdom of Heaven'. Good intentions are necessary, the right disposition is necessary. But action must prevail and realize what the intention and disposition have proposed; otherwise you will be like the grave. Beloved ones, do not follow those who tell you to look at what is good in you; rather, follow those who tell you to look at yourself as you are and encourage you to change, to be more spiritual, to realize that religiosity is a fruitless act if it is not constantly practiced in you and toward your brothers. Children, whoever acts and works in accordance with the Divine Will, holds to the Gospel. The earth weeps because of the blood of so many innocents that is spilled on it. Water will cleanse the earth of this innocent blood, but not before man learns the lesson of the gravity of his folly. Beloved children, be better every day; be aware of all that is happening on earth; signs are not given for man to see, but to warn him; look to the heights. Children, the Eternal Father's House does not abandon its children; every creature that repents is a blessing that pours out on the earth and diminishes the hand of the scourge, just as every sinner encourages evil to spread with greater force. Be aware of merciful love and repent; do not fear loneliness or abandonment; the giver of eternal life does not close the door to those who repent from the Heart, and does not abandon His own without sending them protection. So He will send His love in creation to guide you and let you feel the sweetness of the truth and the protection of His word. Children, I remain here to crush the head of the infernal serpent and free my Son's people from all bondage. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 05 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My daughter, tell your brothers that My Heart bleeds because of all that is going on in humanity.... My children live in a desert where they satisfy their thirst with every temptation the devil puts before them. The sufferings that plague this generation, as well as those yet to come, are the consequence of my Father's righteousness; they have severely offended Him. They speak of peace in complete falsehood, because in their country weapons are being prepared with which they can eliminate most of humanity, and they will use them against their brothers, brothers with whom they are holding peace talks. Where has the truth gone? My daughter, tell them that the constant scandals at all levels are the reason why my children are more rebellious and more stupid. The scandals in my Church are causing some souls to stray from the true path; the lack of prayer of those dedicated to me is growing on them, making them weak in the face of evil and weak to the faithful. My children do not know what hangs over mankind, and they know less about what is coming, because they are not instructed about it. Therefore, I call upon my children, the priests, to proclaim that my time is near and that my people must not only bend their knees, but also fast, offer sacrifices and act on behalf of their brothers, warning them not to get lost. Come to me... receive me in the Eucharist.... love my Mother, pray the Holy Rosary.... be testimonies of my Love.... be mercy.... give hope to those who think they will not be forgiven if they repent from the heart.... raise faith in your brothers and sisters.... do not let even one moment pass without bearing fruit for eternal life. The attacks on my Church will be greater. You who know Me, do not distance yourselves from Me, do not fear, do not stumble, cherish yourselves with My Love, protected under the mantle of My Mother, I will not abandon you. Children, if you remain in sin, you will be lost. There is no shortcut, you have two roads before you, the road to good and the road to evil. Darkness hovers over humanity to harden your hearts. Evil fights the innocent in order to fill adults with anger and allow the pain to make them rise up against each other with greater force to exact revenge. My beloved ones, tell them that the strength of My Word will preserve those who walk with Me; tell them to feed on My Body and My Blood in the Eucharist. Each of you, My beloved ones, who reads this call of Divine Love with faith, is important to My Plan of Salvation. But he who reads this Word of Mine in order to attack it hardens his heart. The light shines for everyone, but not everyone accepts it. Tell them, my beloved ones, that men of science have created another tower of Babel, the Higgs boson, their desire to penetrate the unknown through energy and atomic acceleration is a challenge to man himself. Just as at Babel their language was confused and people did not know each other's language, so at this moment evil opens the mind of man to want to overcome the unknown, causing great and catastrophic harm to all mankind. Children, you who are asleep, not knowing the decisions of those who rule the world, you who are asleep, not knowing the so-called modern scientific achievements, you are the ones who can accept what you do not know and the damage that misused science is able to add to this badly tainted humanity. The plagues will come from outside and the man of science will not be able to eradicate them. When man opens the unknown, in the unknown he perishes. The earth will continue to open up in several countries, with pressure, so that the people who inhabit it will see that what seems safe for man, his land, - when he insists on continuing to sin - the earth does not want him to live there. My beloved ones, tell your brothers to be firm, tell them how great love is constantly growing in my Heart for each of them. As the drums of war rumble before mankind, Europe will suffer more from this war, although the fighting will be widespread, spread by the allies of the antichrist, attacking Spain hard and persecuting my faithful, as they are already doing. Pray, my children; from Asia comes desolation for the man who bases his faith on economics. Pray, my children, for Rome; terror will come to Rome. There are those among my children who call themselves Catholics, but they are heretics and remain in my Church to weaken it, because they are servants of the antichrist. I am thirsty for souls. Do not fear those who can kill your body; fear those who can take your soul. Be creatures of faith. I will not abandon you. My beloved ones, you have gone so far that you do not respond to My calls and refuse to be faithful children.... this is a moment of abomination; My Heart bleeds because of it. Like breast-fed infants, you are deceived by the great world organizations, they simply forget that 'I am who I am 'and they will never be able to overthrow My people. My people will not be abandoned; even if they walk in the desert without water and food, the sun will not burn them, and the dew will be water. Pray, my children, pray for Israel; it will be purified by the power of those who do not love it. Pray, my children, for the United States; it secretly protects evil, and evil will betray it. Pray; the earth trembles without ceasing. Pray for Chile. My beloved ones, tell your brothers that 'not by bread alone does a man live ' so that they will seek Me; I will work miracles for My faithful. I will send help from My House to encourage those who are Mine to do miracles in My Name and give strength to My faithful. My envoy is waiting for My Will to send him to you, but this will only happen after the public appearance of the antichrist, to avoid confusion and so that people will not be afraid of him. My Word is one... my Law is the same yesterday, today and always.... my Law does not change no matter how much people may want to change it.... you, My beloved ones, obey My Law. My Word is one, the same yesterday, today and always; know Me in the Scriptures. My beloved ones, tell my children to remain vigilant and attentive; tell them not to trust in economics, but in the power of my Providence. My help will not be withheld if my children seek refuge in me. Communism continues its ravages and disastrous decisions against my children. My Mother has already announced this, and this moment is only the beginning of the suffering of my people. Therefore, I call upon you to remain faithful and unshaken, but for this you must know Me. Look to the mountain, the signs are not exhausted. 'I am the bread of life, whoever feeds on Me will not perish. I bless you, I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 09 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son desires the Salvation of all His children, therefore, we constantly share with you the Word, which requires a deep knowledge of the Holy Scriptures. Beloved children, at this time the Christian must regain the lost time when he did not realize the necessity of instructing himself and acquiring a deep knowledge of the Word of God, whether because of the lack of people who were responsible for teaching him the word in theory and practice, or for lack of personal commitment. Those who want to belong more to God than to the world must maintain a knowledge of the Word so as not to be deceived. This moment is a difficult one. Many contradictions converge at this moment, contradictions that are attractive to man, but in the light of the Law of God the Father are nothing but evil deeds and acts outside the Law of God. My Son is Mercy. And each of His children must merit this Divine Mercy through a sincere transformation of life. Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, man everywhere hears so many prophecies!.... So many of you neglect what is most important, true union with God's Will, which allows you to remove sin from your life and renew yourselves internally magnanimously! Beloved, where is the conscience of man that has given up the divine treasure of eternal life over time? There have been periods of strong battles between good and evil, but not like this moment, no! As the second coming of my Son approaches, misfortunes approach man, as do temptations and everything that separates man from his God, because Satan constantly tempts God's children. And when God's children abandon the Divine Law, the human heart hardens to the point where they feel that God is no longer needed in their lives. When we read the stories of the Tower of Babel, we realize that God did not stop man, but allowed him to exercise his free will until that same man received what he himself had spawned. The same is happening in the present moment. Man is not satisfied with creating life through cloning. Right now he is manipulating genetics until he creates monsters; man is not satisfied with uplifting the universe, his ambition will be a punishment for man himself. Time has always been a very subtle point that man wanted to penetrate in order to control it. My beloved ones, you will see how in trying to delve into what is unknown and beyond the reality in which man lives, he will find what my Son has hidden from you, so that this generation will not tread on dangerous ground and open the door to what is unpredictable and incomprehensible. Before the Second Coming of my Son, events will occur that will be the fulfillment of my revelations for mankind. My Son has accelerated the moment, so the events least expected by humanity can happen in an unimaginable order, and at the same time in this way the warnings and signs announcing the events and their fulfillment can be fulfilled. The son of perdition remains over mankind so that people live in debauchery without guilt for their evil deeds. The instability in which humanity is moving was foretold by Me well in advance, and it is not new, since the economic factor is man's Achilles' heel. My Son allows the human creature to be certain that what he possesses is not a sure thing, and he must not grasp at material possessions; whereas, since mankind knows my calls and my announcements, man should repent, so that he will not perish in the struggle against evil, but will prevail in the certainty of eternal Salvation. Human life does not end on earth, as some claim - that it is on earth that man experiences his purgatory, his hell or his heaven. This is not the truth; it is not reality; it is a false lie promulgated by those whose goal is for you, my children, to lose your way and be taken by surprise by evil. Beloved children, in the Scriptures man finds what awaits him in the future. At the moment, the path of antichrist is set by the great powers based on Freemasonry, on the illuminati, on communism, on ideologies opposed to my Son, on the perversion of the holy word carried out by the 'new age', on the adherence to Satanism; in summary, on those who, coming from the apex of Freemasonry, control mankind at the moment. The man of science has been able to create mechanisms by which he thinks he can control nature. What man does not know is that when he tries to control what he has created, he will not be able to do so, and his creation has caused tragedies, such as earthquakes, because some of them are caused by man. My beloved children, pray, humanity has plunged into pains. Pray, children; man is becoming his own enemy and wants to exterminate those he considers his enemies. Children, be vigilant! You will suffer from terrorism. Good has been offered, and the response will be to attack the innocent. Man is attracted to the reaction of his actions, whether they are good or against good. You look with indifference at the alliances of the powers, forgetting that this is the great sign prophesied by me, and that they are uniting to form a power that humanity will hand over to the antichrist. Pray, my beloved ones; the United States will be weakened, the powers will be purged. Children, the fall of the world will give rise to ten powers that will use every means possible to help make present the oppressor executor of the Church of my Son. Do not expect the allies of evil to unmask themselves or reveal themselves to an unaware humanity; they will defend alliances and appear to be fighting for good. My children, you have given yourselves over to evil, you are giving yourselves over to evil. I warned you so much about the one who will take over humanity and rule over you! ... you were expecting a man ... you have him with you all day long, you reveal your intimate information, you expose your family, you have given control of your works and deeds to those who manipulate power in the name of evil. You have surrendered yourselves to misused technology, you provide your own data and everything that happens in your life to social networks. Do not wait for the microchip to control you, they already control you and thus condition you to accept being sealed with the microchip. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not continue to be easy victims of evil. Evil is carrying out its design and turning you into an undifferentiated mass. Submit yourselves to the Will of God and come to my Son with a humble and contrite Heart, and He will embrace you with mercy. Pray, my children, for India; nature will make them suffer. Pray, my children, for Nepal; it will feel sorrow when the earth moves. My children, you all must remain in a state of Grace, praying and supplicating, bearing witness to the love of my Son, who is never quiet, always thirsting for love for souls, calling them all, proclaiming it to all. Look up and do not be stubborn, there will be signs in the sky. You will suffer, but do not lose faith. You faithful children will be put in the crucible, but you will not be defeated. Fight to remain in the arms of my Son, my womb is the Ark of Salvation. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 13 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you with My Mercy. My Word continues to touch My people to soften hearts and stir consciences. Those who approach Me seeking dates or out of curiosity will be disappointed. It is my Word that is understood through my Love and the reciprocity of my children's love. Nevertheless, I see those who come to me repentant, as if for the first time, and I embrace them as if they were babies. Children, most of you persist in debating My Word, forgetting that one Word of Mine is enough to silence you completely. My beloved people, a series of events are converging on earth, partly human, partly planetary, which call man to come closer to our Holy Trinity and to our Mother. At all decisive moments for humanity, signs have prompted to awaken sleeping man, calling him to respond and come to Me. This generation has transgressed my Law, and all that has been created by my Father is reacting to man in order to make him renew his unity with our Trinity, through repentance and then through obedience. Man has taken My Law and despised it, falsifying it and making it available to the fads of the moment. They have broken My Law, they have transgressed it. I am Mercy and I am Justice. My Church must reclaim its inheritance and bear witness to My people's obligation to be 'the light of the world and the salt of the earth' My beloved people, at this moment, not everything you see is the center of the real catastrophe.... the real catastrophe is coming from outside. My children are being persecuted and taken to the slaughter in the cruelest way; my children are terrified because my Spirit dwells in those who not only confess, but also live fully the will of my Father. This moment is full of lies for those who are mine, lies that come from those who hold earthly power. Because my children ignore my Word, they flit from place to place, they remain blind and refuse to voluntarily see that they are falling prey to lies. They will wake up when I confront them with their own lives during the Great Warning, and even then some will deny that the Warning comes from My House as an Act of Mercy toward those who are Mine. My children, remain attentive to alliances. No matter who carries them out, alliances are a sham for humanity, they do not reflect the truth; they expose you to greater dangers to then hand you over to the deceiver. The most powerful media on the planet hide the truth from you so that you will support, unknowingly, plans to accelerate the establishment of the antichrist. My children live in the age of technology, but it gives my children falsehood as an answer. My people, what do you see at this moment.... People who love themselves, caring about their ego as the focal point of their lives, fail to make a relationship with Me the foundation of their lives. And sin becomes their center of gravity, leaving no room for Me in their lives. Now breaking the rules belongs to the brave, the boundaries no longer exist, because everyone goes in search of his own destiny, nothing is forbidden, man thinks of himself, not of eternal life. Wars are caused by the powerful to reduce the population of the world, and my poor children suffer because of those who manipulate humanity. Famines come by special decision of the great powers. Without food, man forgets his dignity as a child of God, and this is what they will offer him, hunger and more hunger. Children, do not blame me for what is coming; I warned you to be vigilant, but because you did not obey, you have been led to be ruled by those who have taken power into their own hands and used iron to silence you, communism, which my Mother warned so much against. Pray, my children, the eyes of mankind will be on the United States, where great projects will arise against my people. This my people will be plunged into mourning. Pray, my children, for Europe; it will suffer surprise, be betrayed and be struck by nature. Pray, my Church is suffering, my children will suffer. I will not abandon you. My Church will suffer; it will be purified in the crucible. Pray for Costa Rica, it will be shaken. The earth will tremble and the volcanoes will awaken again. My beloved, so many everywhere proclaim the cycles with which the earth marks its changes, the cycles of the sun, the cycles of humanity! They overlook the fact that at the moment these cycles are one, produced by the same man. The earth trembled, but not as it is at this moment, when some lands will be ravaged. ... the sun will show its power, affecting man and every living thing. ... the day is shorter and the night is not a rest for man, but an anxiety about tomorrow.... water is radioactively contaminated.... The signs are many, a glowing fire will fall to earth from space.... Signs in the sky never seen before are cause for concern.... A man dresses like a woman, and a woman dresses like a man.... souls who receive me with dignity are few. My priests do not require their parishioners to receive me with dignity; confession is a thing of the past, and the clothes in which they come to see me make me nauseous.... They banish me and erect great statues to the devil, to whom they give their children.... I am a God who begs for the love of his children. Children, my people, the economy will have a slight recovery, and then it will be buried, plunging humanity into total chaos. Then the unification of all forces will be imposed on all of humanity, and at that moment you will remember me and my Mother, when you are limited to what the elite will give you. No, children, this is not a fantasy, this is the future of my children, those who have responded with disobedience and rebellion, denied my Word and despised divine law. But those who are aware of my omnipotence will be satiated and for them my Love will abound; a love that I offered to all, but was rejected. Not everything has been said. My people, My beloved people, look to the heights, the signals are abundant, and you will discover what science wants to hide from you. Remain on guard, this is not the moment to hesitate. I promised that my people would be guided by me, and this is what I am doing at this moment. Do not be afraid, children, you will not be lost, the seed will continue to grow and gain strength through the clarification of this Word of Mine. I will not abandon you, no matter how strong the trials; I will send my Word and shepherd you to my children. Continue to pray, receive Me in the Eucharist and adore Me in the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar. Observe Our Divine Will in the Commandments, pray and be aware of the great trial that is coming, know Me in the Scriptures, be aware of My Word. Not all who work miracles are full of My Holy Spirit, discern. I bless you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 17 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, each of you floats in my crown like a luminous star of peace and love. Each one of you is the constant reason that my Heart constantly embraces all who come to me to ask for my intercession before the Holy Trinity. My Son bleeds for His Church, for each of His sheep, He does not want evil to attack them and for them to be lost. Children of my Immaculate Heart, not everything you see is true, so as not to cause anxiety, the truth of what is coming and what man will experience is hidden. Beloved children, at this time you must pray for Europe. Nature will unleash its elements on this earth, from country to country, due to terrorism, lack of faith and rebellion against God. Famine will suddenly reach this continent, Europe, where the fruits are plentiful, will yield no more. Just as the heart of man is hardened, so will man be denied food. The poor children of Spain will suffer from rebellion against God. Violence is increasing throughout the land, and in Europe it is taking sharp forms. Italy will know the pain of those who despise everything that reminds them of God. Blood will flow in their streets. The Canary Islands will be cruelly scourged; brother will rise up against brother. Man's ambition along with atheism, rage and pride will reach France. The nights of laughter will become the darkness of weeping. Beloved children, Warning is near, then you will receive punishment. The sky will be illuminated by the Cross, which will shine more than the sun itself. When the moment of Warning comes, just before it, you will look up and see the fire that will be thrown on the ground.... How many at that moment will cling to my Son? Mankind remains contrite because of the events that are still taking place on earth and those that have recently come from on high, but it is only surprised, not afraid.... because it does not believe. In how many of my revelations have I spoken of war! And you do not listen until you have it before your eyes. Children, do not forget that God is God and man is his son; do not look at my warnings before night comes and finds you sleeping. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, those who live on money will suffer misfortune; money will scatter like a piece of paper in the wind, without much hope. Some countries will impose their own currency, but they will not succeed, because a single common currency will be established for Europe, and then it will spread to the rest of the world. My children, great events are unfolding over humanity; volcanoes will continue to erupt; the earth will be restless. Pray for the United States; nature will scourge it.... and they will suffer at the hands of people. Pray; the earth, which has not been shaken, will be shaken. Pray for Paraguay. The Church of my Son waits heedlessly until she wakes up scourged by the hand of a godless man. Children, you will receive news from the royal family; death is approaching. Beloved children, you do not see the great mercy of my Son, who constantly calls you; come quickly, do not despise him. My beloved ones, may mercy be found for you! war is coming, and with it the cataclysms with which my Son will stop the annihilation of mankind in part by means of atmospheric phenomena and events on the earth's crust. The coastlines will change, and the geography of the planet will not be the same. Children, pray; China will attack. Alliances are being built in the blink of an eye; some will be known to humanity, others will not be known and respected, and all will be lies and betrayal. Do not be those who say 'Lord, Lord!" without knowing my Son. Love Him by being close to Him; He is the Savior of mankind, before whom 'every knee bends'; love Him in the Eucharist, adore Him; unite, children, in one people, know Him. Victory will come to the people of my Son, for the love of His faithful and those beside them. Remember that you are not of this world; mundanity does not accept you, because you are creatures of prayer and live for the sake of your brothers. Do not forget that no creature can live without loving my Son, for he will come to despise my Son and give himself into wicked hands. Understand, my children, that my Son is Love and Mercy and at the same time Justice; a great confusion will engulf all mankind, a confusion to which you must respond in faith, remaining unmoved. A 'land flowing with milk and honey' awaits you... announce fearlessly the coming events; warn your brothers, look up, the signs are many. Evil seeks wickedness. When it does not find it, it invents lies to feed on. Do not stop; continue on the path of righteousness with faith. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this is not a moment for lukewarmness. My Son will come to the aid of His people. Your faith must not falter. My Son's blessing is with his people, with those who walk on thorns, with those who walk with the cross of my beloved, calling on their brothers, with those who constantly sacrifice themselves, with those who proclaim the truth, knowing that this moment must not be wasted. Do not forget that evil is cunning and seeks to divert your attention from what does not belong to my Son, so I urge you to be wise and stay away from evil. Pray for the Church of my Son, pray, because my Son is coming for his Church. Children of my Immaculate Heart, do not neglect the Sacraments, adore my Son in the Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar. Beloved ones, in these decisive moments, recite the Holy Rosary, meditate on the Passion of my Son, grow in the knowledge of my Son's life in the Holy Scriptures, be a prayer for your brothers and sisters through your witness, be truthful, do not harbor resentment in your hearts and move away from the evil that is spreading. My children, if you abide in the Will of God and do not depart from good - recognizing when you fall and quickly repenting of your sins - I promise to be before you to help you in times of difficulty for all mankind; I promise not to abandon you in times of persecution and to send holy angels to protect you; I promise to take you by the hand and introduce you to my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, abide in the Will of God, at all times strive to be worthy of my promises and repent immediately. Children, human creatures will feel abandoned; you know that your Mother intercedes for each of them. Do not stop forgiving, bringing justice everywhere. Do not forget that the children of my Son pray, and do not stray from the blessings, the Commandments, the inheritance that my Son gave to His children for the sake of their souls. My blessing be water in you when you are thirsty. My blessing be warmth in you when you are cold. My blessing be a lamp when darkness comes. I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 21 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, as Mother of Humanity - by the Will of God - I will not abandon you.... as Queen of Heaven and Earth - by the Will of God - I love you all.... as the Ark of the Covenant - by the Will of God - I call upon and intercede for all.... I will not cease in calling you to awaken, to renew yourselves with a generous spirit and to belong more to my Son and less to the world. I know that with each call some Hearts awaken and return to my Son; this makes my maternal Heart yearn to send you these calls, just as creation needs air to breathe. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I constantly look upon my children with pain in my Heart because of the constant offenses against my Son and His Infinite Mercy. Mankind must come closer to the Holy Trinity, but it will be up to each individual to remain united with my Son, or to choose to continue to unite with evil.... you have seen how great and unexpected events are painted in the sky by the hands of angels who want to help you and make you consider signs and signals. But my skeptical children defy my Divine Son, despise the gift of life and mock the supplications of the Father's House and my entreaties for them to return to the path of Salvation. Beloved, so many pretend to be faithful children of my Son, but inside they are empty! They are the ones who carry violence within themselves, being constantly oppressed by their communities. I see so much anger in the Hearts of people!!! There is so much lack of love and mercy! There is so much indecision because of human respect!.... My Son sends His mercy to you, and you.... how do you act in this matter? You force my Son to use His justice to save some of His children. Look at the mountain. Don't cling to life as if life on earth is eternal. True life does not end, but remains with my Son. Do not assure yourselves - or before your brothers - that the faith you have is unshakable. You know about the coming events, but do not underestimate the affairs of my Son; you must not say that the signs are normal, because in past times mankind was warned but did not listen and therefore had to be purified. There is so much speculation about these events, but for the satisfaction of your egos, because even knowing what is to come, you immediately forget about it. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, so many events will arrive on earth to purify the people of my Son! Fortitude is an attribute that my Son will give to those who are faithful to Him, so that they will not succumb and continue to be a living witness to the deeds and works of my Son, and your brothers will be surprised by your detachment from what is not eternal. Children, you act with wisdom when you constantly ask for the help of the Holy Spirit. At the moment, groups that call themselves Christian are multiplying; be careful, be vigilant, because there is no group that truly belongs to my Son, where there is no prayer, meditation, where they do not practice the Commandments, do not live the Beatitudes, do not carry the Cross, where they do not witness my Son, living His Love and His Mercy, living faith, hope and love. They are not witnesses of my Son without the Eucharist, without living the Mass and without practicing the Gospel. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, there are difficult moments ahead, when those who pray will feel the balm with which the same prayer pours over creation; everyone is drawn to it. Moments of amazement are coming over the power of nature and over the foolishness of man who manipulates nature, causing upheavals in one place or another, creating storms in one place or another.... Now you understand, my children, you understand why nature wants to return the earth to its Creator. Man has manipulated everything possible without thinking of the consequences.... and will bring them upon himself sooner than he expected. My beloved ones, in these Words of Mine, do not seek answers to your fears, to your desires to know more.... come to this Mother and give Me your hand, and I will lead you on the true path. Beloved children, the earth is exhausted, it keeps so much pollution on it, so much blood, so much ignorance, so much stupidity, so much perversion, so much debauchery, so much madness of man who never stops inventing sins.... so much that the earth weeps with pain over this generation that never stops doing evil, and therefore the earth will shake with greater force until the hearts of the people tremble. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, prepare for war, but it will not be only in Europe; other countries will dutifully unite out of a sense of duty to those who have secretly supplied them with weapons, which will cause astonishment among the discouragement of war. Children, you have experienced painful moments in some countries, but at the moment it is humanity in general that will suffer from the wickedness caused by those who have made pacts with Satan, in preparation for the presentation of the antichrist, for whom the powerful families of the world are planning a presentation. Children, do not go other ways, look face to face at the truth they are hiding from you; the economy must necessarily collapse so that those who are deciding for humanity at the moment will completely take over, in order to accelerate the project of evil, to unite forces throughout the world and thus take control of all humanity through one currency, one government and one religion, under the pretext of eliminating the borders that the same man created. Many do not believe in Divine Justice, but this is because they do not understand that Justice removes what man has deformed in order to make it anew with greater perfection. In the same way, Divine Justice is for man, it calls upon him until man punishes himself, and my Son brings man closer to his Divine Will. Beloved children, the moon will be stained with blood so that man will not forget that he must remain united to my Son, so that man will be inwardly renewed in the spirit of magnanimity and be aware of the evil he falls into and the good he does not do. Look to the heights without fear, but with attention. Look to the heights. Look at the signs of the moment, when the earth will continue to shake. Pray, beloved children, pray for Russia; she will send a lament to her brothers. Pray, beloved children, pray for Chile. Pray, beloved children, pray for the United States; it will tremble. Pray for England; it will suffer at the hands of men. The secret hands of those who do not love as my Son loves will continue to spill innocent blood all over the world, spreading like a plague. Europe will suffer. Negotiations are going on behind the backs of humanity and they are not solid, they are like quicksand. Representatives of countries are like marionettes moving in front of the powerful, who project their plans to seize power. My Son's Church will suffer in the midst of treachery that will seek to silence it. My children, do not stray from the true path.... do not forget the Law of God.... approach properly prepared to receive my Son in the Eucharist.... Do good... brothers must not devour each other, unite.... be one in the love of my Son and my Immaculate Heart. Do not forget that my Son does not see great works in gold and precious stones, but looks at - and is attracted to - a simple and humble creation in which love is overwhelming. I bless you with my Love. I bless you with my Heart. I bless you with my motherhood. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 23 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I love you and at this time I bless you. I carry you in my arms like infants, so that no one is lost, so that no one goes astray, for if I did not, even the righteous would not be saved. Humanity is in chaos.... immorality reigns everywhere.... madness has taken possession of man to drive him to total promiscuity in every aspect of his life.... love has been replaced by lack of love and indifference.... so many scholars know that the explanation of this word of mine that I am making in these moments is the truth, the highest truth!.... And I see how it is denied. I do not say that I see it in pain, I only see it in the expectation of my Justice. Hypocrites! You deny the explanation of My Word at times when mankind clings to the lies of Satan! Whitewashed tombs who want to lead my people to hell, so that they lose eternal life! But behold their God... I am with my people at all times, to hold them in my Heart and hold them in my arms. 'I am thirsty,' I am thirsty for souls, although you continue to fill pages and pages with absurd words to oppose Me; but the moment is approaching when you will have to bend your knees and beg for forgiveness. My beloved people, I see that you are walking without hope and despair, because you lack faith in my Word, faith in my love, faith in my Mercy, faith in my protection and my refuge, faith that I will not abandon you. I continue to send my angels to help you, to protect you, so that you will not fall so easily into sin, which is contrary to my Will. My people, so many call themselves Christians! So many receive Me, and their tongues are defiled with heresy and blasphemy against Me! It is not because they receive Me on their tongue that means the rest of the body is pure.... so many say 'Our Father!" to me. But their thoughts are very far from this Father. So many ask Me for their daily bread, but not for the bread of My Love and My Word, they want bread that will help them continue to wallow in all that is sinful and immoral. My children, My people, you are living almost in unreality, because you are not being shown the whole truth about what is happening behind your back at the moment. You are looking for news to find the truth, but you ignore the fact that the news does not fully reflect reality, because it belongs to the interests of those who are preparing the coming of the antichrist. Well, well-known scholars who have gained popularity deny that the antichrist is on earth and deny that the Tribulation has begun.... Could it be that they are blind, deaf and dumb? Or are they living in a crystal ball.... without looking north, south, east or west, .... without looking at those of the same sex who do not respect my Law, .... without looking at the immorality in which these young people are moving, .... without looking at the irresponsibility of the parents who put the upbringing of their children in the hands of the TV? Could it be that they live in a different world, far removed from the one in which my children live and which I constantly watch? Weapons are shipped from one country to another, governments transport them and no one reveals it; great powers supply weapons to small countries, because the Third World War depends on the thoughts of the powerful. My will is merciful, my will is that you live on earth to honor me, not to dishonor me, but the great nations urgently need war, because every moment their economies are collapsing more and more. Brazil will suffer to the point of exhaustion. Argentina will collapse economically, and its people will not endure. My dear children, Gog and Magog are moving deftly. There will be a major international conflict because of Syria. Pray for Israel; it will fall into the hands of the enemy. My children, humanity is in chaos, revolutions, riots, persecution, killings, abortions.... and this causes anger to take possession of people's minds, and yet people deny it.... Isn't it true that in My Word it is written that in the end times all this will happen? How can people deny this now? How can they deny it at this time? Out of fear? Out of ignorance? My beloved people, the earth will shake strongly. Don't forget to pray for my people in the United States. Pray for Japan. Pray for Chile. Beloved children, the moon has a great effect on the earth and on man. You also know this. Just as the sun reaches man, the moon is always united with nature and man. The waters will move, man's anxiety will be great, but do not let those who give you dates guide you, for they only disturb the soul. My children, prepare yourselves, the Great Purification will soon come.... The moon will be so close to the earth that its influence will be greater on the earth and on you, my children. Go, always looking up; signs will abound and not everything, not everything you see in the sky, will be a hologram, an invention of man; do not be misled by this, for I have given signs and signals to man on the heavenly vault and will continue to do so to warn you. My children, those who do not care to study and delve into the wickedness of man must know that on the basis of misused science, the great powers have built gadgets to cause devastating earthquakes anywhere on the planet, and some are asking: 'My Lord, why are you punishing us?'.... No children, I am not punishing you.... the great powers want to eliminate the majority of the world's population; and I fight against them for you, for love of you, because for love of you I shed My Blood to redeem you. Whenever there are natural disasters or misfortunes in families, they blame Me. My Mercy is infinite, but My Justice comes soon, and My Justice is the result of man's disrespect towards Me, man's disobedience and pride. Mankind is bringing punishment upon itself. My children, every prophesied event that is fulfilled must be a sign of strength for you, because you know that I am coming. Do not forget that you will be examined inwardly, do not forget that My Mother has announced to you the Great Warning, and what My Mother announces is the Will of the Holy Trinity. Do not underestimate Her warnings, do not underestimate Her calls, because as the Mother and Queen of humanity, She wants you to stop in your daily march, to inwardly review and unite with Me. Evil is fighting a fierce battle for souls, so brothers rise up against brothers without mercy and without mercy. I suffer so much for the innocent children who are abused! I suffer so much for them! And that is why man brings disgrace upon himself. My beloved people, I will not tire of calling and warning you, I will never tire, because I love you. Antichrist is accumulating more and more power, gaining more and more followers; antichrist is maintaining his influence over the future of this generation. Man will have to be severely shaken in order to regain his sanity, his reason, and stop denying me and the events that my Mother predicted. My children, in these moments global interests are economic and prevail over what is spiritual. Great agreements will illustrate the news, do not trust these agreements, behind them my people will be given over to evil. Prepare yourselves by delving into me and learning about the revelations that my Mother has given to my people over the centuries. Prepare yourselves, for famine will spread throughout the world. Prepare yourselves, for at this moment, erroneous teaching has not yet reached its highest point, but it will bring great bewilderment, uncertainty and pain to this generation. My people, where are you? I look for you like a needle in a haystack and do not find you! My people, how they prepare traps to catch you! How they blind your eyes so that you see no more than what they put before your eyes! My people, listen to me! I will preach the truth so that you will remain faithful and continue to trust in Me. Remember that I am 'the same yesterday and today and forever' and that My Word does not change, for My Word is for all times. Beloved children, keep your courage. Even when the earth trembles, even when the waters rise and come inland, remain in my presence at all times, none of you will perish, if only you remain faithful to me. Just as the children of a nation flee to other people, seeking refuge, so whole nations will go from town to town, seeking lodging and fleeing the war that will begin. Peace agreements are bogus because nations keep nuclear weapons in their territories. In all times there have been Herods, those who persecute innocence and childhood; and this moment is no different. My people, my beloved children, I call upon you with so much love to remain faithful to my Word! I explain to you what is written. I do not add or remove a single word. I explain to you so that you may be prepared, because I want all of you to be saved and to attain the knowledge of the truth and to stand firm in the faith without wavering or wavering. You know very well that in every Eucharist I give myself completely to the creation that I see as the Tabernacle of my Love, so that in the moments when my temples will be closed, I will feed you constantly. You don't want to look at reality. Do you know why? Because you are looking at events in other countries from a distance, and at the moment terrorism is communism in disguise. And this communism in disguise is being supplied with weapons, not only by those who are declared communists, but also by those who preach freedom and say they are fighting communism; they have all given their hand to supply terrorism with weapons. This humanity is completely confused. Great nations self-flagellate so that they have the opportunity to blame others and attack them. The interest of the United States will be above the interest of its citizens. Beloved children, hold hands with my Mother and me. Pray, prayer is necessary.... I have revealed what I said today to a few of my true instruments, but they do not reveal it out of fear, and this is a grave sin. My children, pray for my beloved prophet, because you still have a long way to go. You have entered the Great Tribulation, but that is not all; the greater part of it is still ahead of you, the harshest and most ruthless part of the Great Tribulation is still ahead of you. I will not abandon you; I will go before you like a marching column. All I ask is that you be faithful to me, that you constantly call upon my Mother, that she keep you from danger, that you be faithful and call upon me saying: 'Sacred Heart of Jesus, I trust in You! Receive my Blessing those who read this message with faith and love. May this Blessing of mine cover you with my most precious blood, to drive devils away from you and from those for whom you intercede. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 27 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, receive My Blessing. My people are the precious pearls, those who do not slip from My hands.... Beloved children, in a human way, man designs the course of humanity, but it is not man who dictates events. The prophecies that my Mother handed down to mankind will be fulfilled in this generation that constantly pushes me out of its way. He who comes looking for dates will be confused and perplexed. My beloved people, man's conscience has hardened to the point that he no longer recognizes the wickedness in which he lives, because the mundane has taken root in his daily life, away from Me, away from My Commandments, away from My Law and away from My Mother. Man does not know prayer, he ignores the fact that it is by far the best and most perfect form of intimacy with Me, union with Me.... prayer bears fruit; if it is done from the heart, it will gradually transform you so that you belong more to Heaven and less to this world. Prayer is not merely the repetition of repetitive platitudes that exhaust me; you must pray with your heart, so that your prayer is in accordance with the Will of God. My beloved people, the inexhaustible source of my Love and the source of your love for me are a mutual and infinite source of gifts and graces, virtues and spiritual growth, which I grant to my children when their prayer is constant and sincere. My beloved people, you must understand that merely calling upon Me is not enough; accepting Me without proper awareness and without proper repentance is an act contrary to My Will, which certainly does not bring you closer to Me, but leads you to remain in a state of great sin. I know you, and it is for this reason that I call you to proper prayer, which leads you, step by step, to delve into my works and deeds, so that your hearts may be hearts of flesh, hearts sensitive to my Will. Those who do not pray know me less, understand me less and love their brothers and sisters less.... prayer from the Heart comes and leads you to practice yourselves with a fervent desire for Salvation to be accomplished for your brethren, and for your brethren in turn to be followers of the witness that leads all to belong to My House and to enjoy more the things of My House and less the errors of the world. My beloved people, if you have been expecting great events and have not seen them at this time, do not scoff, you are not seeing what I truly allow, because you are looking for it in the great things, and not in the small details with which the same person acts and works. Instances converge in this blood moon, fulfilling the calls of my Mother, the ones that humanity has disobeyed. This moment brings an important proximity of events that must keep humanity alert, so that you remain vigilant, because I come like a thief in the night, at an unexpected hour. Evil takes advantage of man's distancing from My House to make man continue to ignore My warnings about the changes in the human mind, through misused technology that has openly led man to embrace everything modern, even if it contradicts Me and My Mother and Her requests. Uncontrolled rage, lack of consciousness and insensitivity towards your brothers and sisters is the great victory of evil, because it leads man to his own nightmare, to his own executioner, intensifying as the moment progresses, which has been marked by this great sign for humanity. My beloved people, the specter of war will be real. My Heart bleeds for this reason when I see my beloved children plunged into the terrible struggle to which the ambitions of those who feel themselves to be the mighty of the world have led them. Ambition and economics combine to make humanity tremble, as humanity underestimates the power of the weapons at the disposal of the world powers to destroy much of humanity. My people, when scarcity becomes widespread, remember that my Mother thought of you in advance and blessed the grapes so that at that moment your hunger will be satisfied, I also asked you to pray now for these moments and prepare spiritually so that you can face the moments of hard and difficult trial that await everyone with faith, strength and perseverance. The earth continues its progress to awaken man. It will shake with greater force. Pray, children, pray for Japan. Pray, children, pray for the United States. Pray, children, pray for the Dominican Republic. Pray, children, pray for Mexico. Man walks in darkness away from me, blindly, if he does not know me in the Scriptures, if he does not hold a lamp with the good oil of faith, if he does not move away from the valley of the dead, where most of humanity remains at this moment. This is the reason for my constant exhortations before I allow you to examine yourselves and panic when you see the signs on the heavenly vault that my Mother has already announced. Unite yourselves, my children. Let each of you be a support to your brother. The building will not collapse when you protect one another. My beloved ones, you will see from heaven a great light - an asteroid - descending towards you.... My people, do not be afraid! The Lord, your God, is shielding you with His hand. Children, he who appears to be the protector of defenseless nations will very soon become a fierce persecutor, ruthlessly attacking with all his might. Alliances and agreements are not real, they are a death trap. Volcanoes will awaken with even greater power and become a scourge to nations. Man will be amazed to see - again and again - ice of great proportions descend over peoples. The sun will separate man from technology for days. My beloved people, listen to my calls and the calls of my Mother. I do not abandon you. I am the 'fountain of living water' who satisfies the thirst of His people. My Love warns you. My Love constantly blesses you; I do not abandon you until My people come to join Me, where there will never be conflict again, there will only be My peace. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 30 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I carry My people in the palm of My hand, as 'the good shepherd gives his life for the sheep'. I whisper My love in your ears, I speak to your Hearts so that they may soften, I give you new oil so that you may fill your lamps and see clearly in the darkness they present to you. My people have been warned by My House not to persist in ignorance, to wake up and voluntarily get rid of the blindfold that other people have put over their eyes, but My people persist still blind and deaf. Evil has invaded man's mind through big screens, preparing, confusing and training him not to believe what he sees and not to know that people's actions will go further. Man watches events from afar. The great enemy has taken man to live a virtual war, and my children believe that everything is like that, virtual, until they have a buzzing above their heads that they thought they would never hear, and it comes to take away their sleep - to lead them to fear the unknown - and takes away the apparent peace in which they live. No, my children! You will not live something unreal! Evil is leading its army by inciting man to lead the world to the catastrophe that my Mother revealed in her revelations, so that you will not allow evil to take possession of your souls, so that you will remain united with my Mother and me, so that you will continue to practice God's Law. Evil uses its wiles to generalize conflicts between people, it does not stay in one place, on the contrary, it moves forward taking advantage of the inattention of one and the other, so that in the midst of events, apparent protection and good deeds, the emissaries of evil act through ungodly and sinister alliances, introducing confusion, unleashing the fury of man in his reactions, thus bringing war closer to man at every moment; a war that some fear and others ignore and deny. Children, it will be a long suffering in the midst of earthly powers, some led by the strength of the families that hold humanity in their hands; others will follow those who offer them apparent security for their nations. At times it will seem that alliances and agreements are making progress, and this is the curtain covering the real scene. The powers will point to each other as the real culprits and violators of the agreements, but these will only be lies hiding the real and hidden goals of the prince of wickedness, who with hooks and fangs in his jaws will be the scourge of my children. My beloved innocents will suffer from the evil deeds of those who, driven by fanaticism, act with rage against their brethren. At this moment, humanity will experience acts of terror at the hands of the true executioners. Pray, my beloved ones, pray for France; it will suffer great pain. Children, the leaders of this moment are skillfully moving the thoughts of their nations. This allows the rulers to maintain great satellites of evil - without the consciousness of the population - and the population even comes to support deeds contrary to My action and work, contrary to My Love. Beloved ones, the war is at the same time a great spiritual battle, in which Satan fights for the souls of my children, who, because of ignorance, support the beginning of this severe suffering towards which humanity is heading. I have compassion for all my children who take part in acts contrary to our will.... I sympathize with those who for pleasure kill those who are not like them.... I sympathize with the blood shed by the innocent.... I sympathize with the blood that will be shed.... my people, in the bowels of military action prevails the struggle for souls, the persecution of my children, the destruction of my Church - as I have warned you constantly - and the power and force to establish a single government controlled by the antichrist. Evil has been at work insidiously from time immemorial, before the eyes of a humanity plunged into fanaticism, into what is fanciful, sinful and mundane, away from me and my Mother. Pray, children, for Venezuela; pray, my children are suffering. Humanity, you look your way with indifference, the devil takes possession of souls to despise the gift of life. My people, communism flies in its red hue like a storm that hovers over you in a cloudy moment, so you will not betray communism until the deed is given to the one who prepares the stage for it. My people, the path of my Love is different from the one you traverse; mundanity magnetizes people, attracts them to distance them from Me and leave Me in second and last place. I am not a priority; my requests and those of my Mother are ignored and relegated to last place before the power of great innovations that eclipse the mind of man, leading his Heart to paths opposite to mine. This generation has been involuntarily indoctrinated by technology used against me, therefore my children will live, despising life and ignoring my calls, therefore they will give themselves over to the oppressors. At this moment, man lacks the willpower to escape from everything that harms his body and his soul. Walking this way, with the tormenting pain of the past - which at this moment he seems to have forgotten - which this generation has not experienced and has no awareness of the devastating pain caused by the struggle of nations against nations, in which the red flag of the storm has fluttered because of disobedience to my calls, because of lack of attention and ignoring the warnings of my Mother, with which she warns and warns you of the great struggle for world government and the great suffering of all mankind. This suffering leaves devastating effects in nature and renders the earth useless, so that it will not be beneficial to man, and therefore will not fulfill the role for which it was created. Beloved children, pray for the United States, it will suffer at the hands of man and nature. My people, the earth wants to awaken man, and in its zeal to awaken you, it is shaking with force; several countries will suffer because of this. Pray for those who will be purified. The earth trembles; the list of countries would be long; pray for those who will suffer. Water will permeate the earth to wash away man's sin. With amazement you will see phenomena on the heavenly vault that have never been seen before, signs that foreshadow, for my children, the coming sufferings, in which there will be a small respite, to then erupt again with greater force. Pray, children, pray for Russia; the control is taking place in silence, without noise. The United States is hiding the truth. Oh, my human race! You are departing from me! Come to your Savior. Draw near to your Lord, take the hand of my Mother to lead you to me. Do not rest in your prayer, abide before Me. I will not abandon you at any time, in the time of famine I will send you manna.... in time of pestilence I will send you relief.... before persecutors, faith in My Love will astonish your persecutors. Pray, My people, pray for My Church infiltrated by Freemasons and illuminati who want to move it away from My Truth and My Law. My Church will be severely shaken. My children, do not lose heart, My Church stands on a firm rock and not on shifting sands. Do not forget that through My Mercy, each one will examine himself to separate you from the wickedness you have joined. The Great Warning is my Love given to you to return you to my arms. You must know that some of my children will become even more rebellious against me after the Great Warning, so prepare yourselves, take communion, come with me to the Tabernacle where I am alone and abandoned, ask for my Holy Spirit so that you can discern and not follow what is preached by those who do not want you to wake up. Beloved children, the economy continues its decline without stopping. This is the grand strategy of the antichrist to plunge humanity into a singular single currency when it can no longer endure material hunger. The antichrist is advancing his dominion over humanity. You, my children, be crafty, win souls for me. Do not behave like hypocrites when you live the fulfillment of my warnings. Be disciples who do not sleep, who do not rest. Proclaim and condemn the masked antichrist so that my people will awaken. You know well his wicked plans for my people. His goal is to possess what belongs to our Trinity; he will think he wins everything, but I will come with My legions and defeat the oppressor, the demonic invader. Delve into My Word; you do not know Me in depth. Pay attention to My Mother, that is why I gave her to you at the foot of My Cross of glory, majesty, blessing and fullness. I bless you, children, be obedient, advance toward Me, so that the Son of Perdition will not find you far from Me. I protect you, for you are the pupil of my eye. Do not move away from me. At this moment I bless the one who reads my Word with faith and love. My strength will be your strength.... my Love will be your love.... my Love for my Father's Will will be your love for our requests. My Mother bless you and protect you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 04 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you with my maternal love. My Heart is wounded, very wounded. Despite this, my Love for each of you does not diminish. You are the hope that my Son's love and faith will continue in His people, shaped by all of you. Each of you has the opportunity to be more Heaven and less mundane. Do not forget that after this crucible, justice will always prevail. At this moment I am addressing each of my children. They ignore the fierce insidiousness with which the enemy of man's salvation insists - in every way - to lead man away from the true path. Evil continues to insist because it knows man's instinct to be more than his brothers - and this leads man to act without mercy. All this comes from man's lack of humility, which despises the great mistress of obedience, because when man obeys, he lowers his ego and decides to live in the Will of God. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I have mentioned time and again that after the public appearance of the Antichrist, my Son will send a being to help his people; this being will revive your faith through the proclamation of the word of the Holy Scriptures. Persecution, especially against Christians, will be merciless, more so than at the moment. The Antichrist and his allies know that a Christian carries his cross with the joy of a lover waiting to meet his beloved. The authority of My Son's Church will be ignored by those who will attack Christians, and Christians will have to hide from their persecutors. That is when I will send legions of angels to protect you from fear and despair. The victory of the Cross is incomprehensible to those who do not delve into the mystery it contains. The victory of the Cross means despair for those who do not recognize the glory and Majesty that result from the death and resurrection of my Son, and therefore eternal life for the children of my Son. Beloved children, how I must still struggle before you to embody the virtue of humility and the gift of love in order to meet Satan without falling, because Satan wants to destroy the Father's work! Men in society are not aware of ingratitude towards women. Masculinity is viewed through the prism of an erroneous concept that makes a man not submit to what he considers part of his natural being. On the contrary, my children, regardless of the woman, man becomes a preternatural being who does not fully fulfill the First Commandment. Likewise, a woman should obey the First Commandment while loving and being faithful to the man she has chosen to accompany her in life, in marriage. Do not forget, both of you, that recognizing a mistake is a sign of bravery, because only those who are brave will recognize a mistake. Children, each of you has exactly one soul and one heart, and they are completely oriented to God through God's Will. Nothing is yours, so much so that in difficult moments there is no humility; in difficult moments man allows himself to be besieged by evil and bad disposition, or dominated by pride, to react against the Will of my Son, forgetting that what for man is a sign of weakness, for my Son is strength. My children, everyone struggles for holiness; in this struggle there are his personal obstacles, but the main one is pride and personal vanity. My beloved children, the moment in this world is delicate, because there is a unification of the strongest powers. These are difficult moments for all of humanity because of the constant waiting in ambush of provocation for the outbreak of war. Therefore, I urge you to pray for the United States and Russia, the two main protagonists of this frightening stage. Children, you are ignoring the principle of truth, which moves powerful forces to promote war. Every act of man has a hidden purpose that benefits him. It is not only economic, political and geographic interests - incomprehensible to those unfamiliar with politics - that are behind revolutions, vandalism and protests that seem harmless, creating chaos through uncontrolled violence that has been programmed to bring humanity to the moment it is in, just one step away from the self-destruction of the human race. My beloveds, nuclear energy is the scourge of humanity, it is the ultimate epidemic, the Cain, the modern Herod, the new Samson, the present Judas, the rebellion against God, when it (nuclear energy) is used as it is now, at this moment, as a demonic weapon. Therefore, the legions of angels will have to intervene to help those who are faithful to God. The alliance of the powers is nothing less than the fulfillment of the word of my Son. The powers will attack the weakest nations, then they will create disputes between them, and they will betray and attack each other. Alliances are strategies, not truths. Beloved, the lukewarm will have no opportunities unless they repent; the lukewarm will be spit out of God's mouth. There are only two ways, good or evil. My Son will come with a rod of iron to separate the wheat from the weeds. This Mother has traversed history with you, and in this way you have been warned to change the destiny prepared by the same man in the service of the one who will take over the nations on earth and fight for dominion over all mankind. At the moment, those who are far from the points of tension do not imagine and do not realize the seriousness of the provocation of one ally against another.... Turn to look at the stage of provocation; only in this way will you realize how close you are to the announced third world war.... I have called upon the children of my predilection to proclaim peace, and I have called upon the bishops of Rome to consecrate Russia to my Immaculate Heart.... and they did not obey me. A moment passed, and they did not take it seriously. This is the result of ignorance, because my entreaties have not been made public, and the people of my Son have not been warned not to create fear, but the truth is what I, as Mother, have expressed in my revelations through my true instruments. Every human being has free will. I, as Mother, call you to take the right path, I do not force you to make decisions you do not want, but I call you to stop and examine yourself. Commandments are not changed at the whim of man, sin is not the Will of God, even when it is the fashion at the moment to take drugs, to expose yourself at a young age to uncontrolled immorality, to listen to satanic music, and not to approach my Son or do it as a duty. He who wants to save his soul must flee everything that separates him from my Son, otherwise he will perish in sin. If the Church of my Son wants to remain strong, as is God's will, it must lift the hearts of the faithful not to seek what is worldly. My Son's Church must not be a house where some people benefit by occupying honorable positions; my Son's Church must be a community of love where the rich and the poor are welcome. My Son's Church must be one single soul and one single Heart. Once again, I come as the Mother of all people; Salvation is for all. Do not neglect my calls in these moments that are so important for all. I protect you, I love you, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 08 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, over each of you remains my maternal blessing. My beloved ones, at this time the people of my Son must devote themselves to prayer with strength, with faith, with great fervor. The certainty that your prayers are answered must be firmly and permanently rooted in you. I don't want hasty prayers. From each of you I want prayers from the heart for each of you and for all of humanity. At any moment, great dark clouds shroud the mind, thoughts and will of politicians who are ready to go to war. My maternal Heart suffers for this, I ache for the innocents who suffer, for every human being sacrificed to ideology. My children, just as in the past when Christians were taken to be devoured by lions, so it is now; at this moment many Christians are being crucified at the hands of their own brothers. A Christian who does the Will of God inspires fear; they may take away his body, but they will never erase his faith, and his soul will rejoice with my Son. That is why they fear the Christian, because he is the Son of the King of Heaven and Earth, and although it seems that evil prevails, the Christian does not deny his faith. My Son will come with Power and Majesty to save His people purified after passing through the crucible fire, then He will put on white robes and live in complete and utter peace, but this will be after the Great Tribulation. You must prepare for this at this time and not at any other time. My beloved ones, you are living at the beginning of the Great Tribulation. Every moment that passes brings us closer to the severity that humanity will experience because of those who do not have my Son in their hearts and despise Him. Pray for them, my children, admonish them to repent. Remain united; the Father's House has never abandoned you. The Father's House, through faithful instruments, announces everything that is coming so that mankind will have the opportunity to convert, to change their lives, their actions and their work in accordance with God's Will. My children, there are human creatures who call themselves true instruments of Heaven, not asking to change their lives, not asking to abide in constant prayer - at this time, when all my children must pray - not asking to practice the true Christian life, pray the Holy Rosary and receive my Son with dignity. Discern; in Heaven and on Earth, God's Name is above every name. Those who do not insist on conversion, on being more of Heaven than of Earth, on taking off their earthly rags, on confidently approaching the Eternal Father and calling Him 'our Father...' are not my true instruments. Those who do not call humanity to obedience to God's law.... are not my true instruments. My children, my Son is light and transparency, and my Son's and my instruments remain united and lead their brothers to one unique center, to the word that my Son and I convey to humanity through them. This one-of-a-kind center proclaims unification, love, faith, conversion and feeding on my Son. We also urge you to acquire knowledge, because a Christian who does not know my Son and does not know me is like Simon of Cyrene, who was forced to help my Son carry the burden of the cross, but does so only to be seen by his brothers, not out of love for me and to atone for what every man must atone for. My children, at every moment each instrument of the Father's House is entrusted with a special mission. There is no instrument in which all the missions that the House of the Father wants to give to its children coincide with pain, I see them calling each other false instruments, as if each wants to gain first place over all the others, as if it were a matter of social position, political position, or maintaining a leading place in front of a group of followers. None of you, my children, can imitate a man; you must imitate my Son, who is who He is. No man can call himself a favorite of Heaven; Heaven must call him a favorite. The essence of all calls is one: the call to conversion, to union, to bear witness to the deeds and works of my Son, to shed light on the minds of your brothers and sisters, to help them gain knowledge of what they do not yet know, perhaps because of voluntary ignorance or because of involuntary ignorance because they have not been extensively taught. The man of this moment must have his mind open to receive the word of my Son and mine; he must remain with his mind open and attentive to the signs of this moment, for all that you are to see and know is not yet over. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the destiny of this generation looks dark and yet glorious for those who are moving toward the 'land of milk and honey.' The war is coming with gigantic steps, and with it the Church of my Son will be purged and will falter; it will be viciously attacked. Reform can never touch what the Heavenly Father has decreed, like the Commandments of His Law. The Sacraments are the fruit of God's love, so that His Holy Spirit grows and pours out in abundance on and in human creation; therefore, the word of the Eternal Father must not be opposed. He created man and woman to become one flesh in the sacrament of marriage. The madness of mankind has penetrated the abyss, because at this moment devils remain over mankind to take souls to perdition. But man is not content with what he knows; man, desiring to experience the unknown, has come to the complete decomposition of his being, his values and, above all, everything moral. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I turn to you, parents, with a maternal call to warn your children of the dangers of the mundane, of the dangers that come from momentary pleasure. I urge you. I know how difficult it is when most children do not come close to my Son and live in the worldly current to stay in line with society, even though it goes against their principles, but I call on you. And with this call you participate in the latest news of debauchery and disrespect. What kind of example are your children being set by parents who live in the humdrum of this world, the humdrum of alcohol, drugs, uncontrolled sex.... where there are no values and where my Son does not reign because he has been relegated to last place? But there are so many human beings, so many men who, I hear, blame my Son for their illnesses or deaths in their families, and they blame Him and hate Him even more! This is the pride that Satan himself instills in souls, so that they hate my Son and join in the acts of Satan, who has prepared the stage for the antichrist. Beloved children, erroneous science has infiltrated the pharmaceutical industry, so this one dares to create vaccines contaminated with viruses so that human beings carry death or disease with them. My children, why do you continue to feed yourselves with the garbage that large transnational corporations want to eliminate most of the world's population? You are the great experiment of the big food industry. Do not allow this to happen. Your bodies are temples of the Holy Spirit and you must protect and care for them, not only through good Christian behavior, but also through proper and healthy nutrition. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I have called upon you throughout the history of this generation to be a light to your brothers and sisters, but most of you are darkness and nauseating gloom to them. Those I love are fleeing their countries, and in this flight the innocents I love most are suffering so much! And yet you continue to ignore the fact that for years thousands, thousands, thousands of innocents have been dying in silence from starvation in Africa, in India and in many other countries of the world. My children, do not allow them to exploit young children, do not allow the film industry to finish undermining the mind and psyche of young children and young people, to finish its vile and criminal work, as for many years it has prepared your children to be guerrillas, fighters, soldiers, to look at life with contempt, to be cruel to the point of exhaustion, without fear, without resentment and without remorse. My children, how did you allow the film industry, with its vile tricks, with its poisoned arrows, to destroy what the Heavenly Father created to live with dignity on this earth? Some of you watch the concentration camps of World War II with great amazement, but you should turn your gaze to your own homes, where you have been the oppressors of your own children, allowing television to continue to be a concentration camp where the great film industry has instructed and prepared your children to join those who bring terror to the world at this moment. Beloved children, pray for France, it will be shaken by terrorism. Pray for Rome, my children; terrorism lurks and will strike a fatal blow. Pray, my children, pray for Chile and for the United States. Very soon they will begin the duty and implantation of the microchip so that each of you will receive it. You know very well that this is Satan's seal, through which they will not only track your steps and control your social life, but also your economic life, and even your mind, so that even if inwardly you want to pray, you will not be able to say a single word of prayer, you will not be able to ask my Son for help. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, at this time you must remain prepared.... you must constantly maintain an ardent and fervent desire to belong to my Son, despite what you see and the discouragement you may feel. My Son's Church will be shaken, but not defeated. Woe to those who see these moments as distant, for they are truly closer to you than at any other time! My children, look around the world and mark the countries where the communists rule, mark where the Freemasons or illuminati rule. It is they who deliver you into the clutches of Satan, so that you are lost.... you are ignoring the truth, the inner goal in the struggle in which the nations are participating at this moment with false alliances, and soon these same nations will become enemies of each other. They are hiding the real reasons of this moment behind the scenes, so that you think that there is a great purpose and great love behind the defense of the nation. This is not true, my children, and when the bear wakes up, it will cause you great pain. No wolf will show his true skin until the last moment, when he takes off his lambskin to show himself as he really is. My children, love my Son, pray that I will continue to help you. Love one another and beware of those who have criticism and resentment on their tongues. My children, a comet will come over the earth and cause the three days of darkness that I so strongly foretold. Three days during which you must remain indoors; keep your windows tightly closed so that the light of the terrible thunder and lightning falling from above will not harm you, because behind the thunder and lightning the devils will kill a large number of my children, and I will shed my tears over them with great pain. My children, it is necessary for you to wake up.... rekindle that first love for my Son.... submit yourselves to the Will of God.... accept with humility the advice and calls of this Mother. For at every moment my Son sends His help to speak fearlessly to the people of my Son. Yes and this people will be converted. It is no different at this time. My Son will send the one He loves with special favor to encourage my Son's people during the major and greatest moments of tribulation of this generation. For this reason, immerse yourselves in reading the Holy Scriptures, so that you will possess all the knowledge you need to be able to distinguish between good and evil. My children, I will permanently remain beside each one of you, and the legions entrusted to my care will be those who will help the people of my Son and create anew the great rainbow with the conscious love of my children repentant for the very serious offenses against their brothers and sisters, by which they gravely offended my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, go in peace at all times, do not try to hasten the pace of God's Will, because everything comes at the right time for your good. Love one another. I love you and keep you in my Immaculate Heart. Be vigilant, for a weapon will come, a weapon unknown to you, a man-made weapon that will cause great wounds and sores on the skin of My children. Man has gone so low! But man can repent and return to the path of truth. Children of my Immaculate Heart, come to me and I will lead you to my Son. I love you. Remain attentive, very attentive; at no time lose faith and do not walk in other ways; come to me and I will take you to the heavenly Fatherland. I bless you and bless your families, in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 14 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved, you are the pupil of my eye, each of you is my great treasure.... For you I gave myself on my Cross of love. I love you infinitely... I am who I am. My people, I desire that you multiply your faith, that you persevere, that you act and work in harmony. My people must have more faith than they have at the moment, so that they can overcome trials and understand that everything I allow is for your good, because I want you to be perfect, because I do not want lukewarm children, I do not want momentary children who lean in different directions like a palm tree in the wind, but permanent children. You should have clarity of mind, thought, work and act in accordance with our Divine Will. My dearest children, I constantly look at this generation and how it remains in the grip of what is modern and sinful, and yet they come to receive Me without realizing that I am who I am, they come to receive Me without proper preparation, without asking forgiveness for the faults they have committed. My children, it is necessary for you to strengthen your faith, it is necessary for you to delve into My Word, not to make it dependent on your whims or contempt, for My Word is not subject to the whims of My children. My Word is one and it is written, for otherwise, if my Law were not permanent and eternal, what would happen to my people if everyone acted and worked according to his free will? My beloved people, I see how everything that touches the life of each of you causes you to immediately fall.... Where is the faith you profess? Where is the faith you claim to have in me? If you call on me, do I refuse to help you.... But you do not call on me. You immediately let yourselves be overcome by daily adversity and sink like a boat taking on water; this is not true faith. You are still very lukewarm, because you have not truly understood the vocation in which my children participate, the vocation to live, work and act in accordance with my Father's will. My children, you look only at yourselves, you look at your egos and fall to the ground drowned in the mud that does not allow you to get up, you constantly complain about everything that happens to you, not realizing that everything I allow you to do is to make you even more mature, because you still lack too much. My people are persecuted, but the worst is yet to come.... and in these moments you are diminished by small trials, you lose your strength, your thoughts take away your peace and do not allow you to come to me, you tire in every situation and do not pray because of the bitterness you carry within you. You are unable to listen to my words, because you plug your ears to painful circumstances. These are not my children! This is not the faith that my people should have! You must struggle to increase your faith, you must come to know Me so that you will recognize Me; you cannot come to My Will by crashing in disorderly haste and confusion. It's not that you should put aside your cares, but beware, for Satan, the enemy of the soul, sets his sights on kidnapping you and keeping you in the mud so that you can't move, and thus delay your union with Me. How will a creature in a state of eternal desolation, without allowing Me to help it, be able to get out of the mud and allow Me to cleanse it with the water of My Love, so that it can continue on its way, holding the hand of My Mother? The lukewarm will be spit out of my Father's mouth.... I see so many who are lukewarm and constantly wobble back and forth! When everything is favorable to them, they remain happy and seem to live in my Will; however, when not everything is favorable to their ego, they forget about Me and move away from Me, and like inflated balloons, they hastily bounce off everyone around them. Not all of those who come to receive me every day live and fulfill our Will; the one who remains unmoved in the daily petty adventures, setting an example and witnessing that I live in him and that he has offered his entire life to me to guide and lead him on the righteous path, that one lives and fulfills our Will. My children are active, they do not remain static, looking with indifference to everything that happens around them. You do not see the birds of the field dying of hunger, I take care of them.... how could I not care about the situation of my children? I give to each according to his measure, so that he may mature quickly, for we are on the verge of a moment of desolation. I can do nothing more with my people if they do not quicken their pace to grow in righteousness and thus be able to meet and overcome all that is happening. I see so many defeated and unhappy people who see no more than what is before their eyes.... I see so many who call themselves Christians, and still do not understand the mission I have entrusted to them. All my children, all my people are a missionary people and must serve and help each other, but they still do not understand the meaning of mission, of love. I have especially turned to some souls and entrusted them with important missions, and they still look at them from afar, because their human will and free will draw them away from doing My Will. My beloved people, persecution will continue and will increase. My people will suffer the harshness of their brethren. At this moment, humanity is hanging on by a thread, just as a hair on the head can fall at any moment. The great forces that think they rule mankind are provoking each other, and this will cause a fatal outcome. Man does not realize the cruelty of war; man does not realize the annihilation and destruction that would befall mankind with nuclear power. Man creates absolutely nothing that he would not use for good or bad. The use of nuclear energy by science is a great devastation to my Heart. Humanity will suffer greatly by not seeking it, not desiring it. When a power is in economic decline, it causes war. You don't look at the spirit, you look at the war, and the suffering will be stronger and its severity will become widespread. I encourage you to prepare hermetically sealed foodstuffs - without exaggeration - for storage in your homes. Prepare, without exaggeration, for I command my angels to multiply what each person has according to his ability, and to those who have nothing, I will give manna from my House if necessary; I never abandon my people. Children, so much blood is still being shed without any mercy! And this blood demands an end to violence. Blessed are those who, calling upon My Name, shed their blood! You must open your mouths to adore me, to proclaim my glory, to call upon me, Abba Father! Do not open your mouths to speak the wrong words, do not open your mouths to cause pain to your brothers, do not use the gift of speech to hurt someone when they are down. You must be children of love and not use vocabulary that offends me, worldly vocabulary that I hear repeated over and over again. Woe to you, woe to you who hurt my children! Woe to you who knowingly injure my tools! Woe to you who act against my people; my people are those who remain faithful throughout the world! My children, go as you prepare and bear witness, in small daily details, that you are doing the will of my Father. Remain faithful to My Word, My Word is not subject to the conditions of man, do not forget this. My Church will be shaken, but not defeated; this is necessary, everything must be purified. I must take my Church from the hands of those who work and act against my Will, so that they do not pervert it even more. My priests have been called to a life of austerity, not in great luxury or great feasts, not in great palaces like the Pharisees. You, My children, do not contribute to their disobedience of My precepts. My people, pray for the United States, which will suffer greatly from the obstinacy of its ruler and at the hands of those who use terrorism to exterminate their brethren. Pray for Chile, My children; the earth will continue to shake and they will suffer greatly. Pray for each other, because war comes inexorably. However, delve even deeper into the knowledge of what I am telling you, so that you will not be interested in studying what they offer you to make it seem good before your eyes, because not everything they tell you is good for you. Not everything is good for the soul. Right now humanity is living in the guise of Satan. Do not forget that the microchip is not an invention of man to help my people. It is being used to steal the abilities of creatures and to make them surrender to the antichrist. The antichrist is already on earth and is stealthily directing the nations, being the greatest persecutor of my people, scourging my people, the one who will rejoice in the pain of my children, but do not be afraid, for I am who I am and my angelic legions will protect all who are faithful to me. Every moment is a moment of conversion. You are not completely converted, and trials are trials and make real what creation truly holds deep in its Heart. My beloved, pray for your brothers and sisters, bear witness to the love you have. Woe to the creature who does not know how to love, because his free will has not allowed him to enjoy my Love or the love of his neighbors, which is my Love expressed through his brothers! I invite you to open yourselves to My Love, to know Me, to truly know Me. Pray, my children, pray for Venezuela. This my people will continue to suffer great suffering. My people, why do you voluntarily carry heavier crosses than the ones I gave to each of you? Each one of you is making your cross heavier; with your free will, your human ego, you are making your cross heavier, so much so that you are falling because you can no longer bear it. I want my people to be courageous in faith.... I want my people to be determined to give up everything in order to enjoy the eternal life I offer you. I love you, my children, I love you so much that I will continue to warn you. You must be prepared, there is a disease that will progress and touch my children's skin directly. It is a weapon that they have created in laboratories to be launched and attack man directly when war breaks out. How much evil does man commit when he lives his free will and allows it to control him! My beloved ones, do not be afraid, at this very moment my Mother will give you what you need to fight against all that man will create to harm you, but you must remain faithful and fight every moment of your life. I will not abandon my people, I will send help so that, with my Word in your mouth, she will give you encouragement and increase your faith when you, my people, think you are falling. Pray, my children, that my Will, our Will, be fulfilled, and that no human creature interrupt it. Most beloved children, my Love is with you, give me your hand and possess this love of mine. I am constantly looking at you and constantly blessing you, I am lighting your way so that you do not walk in darkness, but you must want and accept my help. I am who I am, and although my people may seem defeated, they will never be defeated, and at this very moment they will be most glorious and triumphant. My Love, my Blessing is in each of you, in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 17 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I send each of you, children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing. My Heart is the Ark of Salvation, I do not exclude any of those who are Mine. My Heart is always thirsty for the love of all those who adore my Son. I am the Mother of all mankind. Beloved children, my hands are extended towards you, children, I am waiting for you so that I can intercede for everyone, and I invite you not to cease in your prayers. The Holy Rosary is the containment of evil. The devil recognizes the blessings my children receive when they pray the Holy Rosary. Constant prayer is a downpour of blessings for your brothers and sisters; prayer multiplies and reaches the most needy souls for their conversion. In practice, every prayer and the Word of God are a powerful help that testifies to what the human creature lives inside - the love of my Divine Son. Beloved, there is still anger and a power struggle over all of humanity. This is a hidden danger for the people of my Son throughout the world. Humanity is not aware of the danger of World War III, although I have mentioned for a few moments that the war will start because of a small country. People have become so hardened that even the angels are amazed when people remain idle while the great powers prepare for war. The great powers are responsible for the continuous path of retaliation, exhaling the suppressed fury that is waiting to be unleashed to attack the children of my Son. At this time, when technology and progress in every field in which man operates are advanced, the spiritual failure in human creatures is unstoppable in light of the debauchery and immorality of souls who indulge in debauchery and immorality, renouncing my Son and giving themselves over to the devil. My children, those who call themselves the owners of the world - groups of powerful families and Freemasonry - are leading humanity into the expected war to hasten the presentation of the antichrist to the world. Alliances between nations will be betrayed, and the bear will take over to lead the invasion of Europe amidst the signs in the sun and moon that my Son has given his people to wake up, but because his people do not wake up, the earth cracks here and there, and shakes in one country and another. Even the land that did not tremble will be surprised. Many times the sea will throw itself upon the land, thus increasing human suffering when people are unable to help each other. My children will suffer. Because of the collapse of the economy, famine will be a reflection of the fact that human beings will cease to be human, furiously struggling to survive. I am despised, they do not want to listen to my calls.... disobedience continues, because Russia has not yet been consecrated to My Immaculate Heart, and because of this, the birth pains initiate the suffering of humanity, which I keep repeating to this generation. My children do not listen to my calls and refuse to know my Son in the Holy Scriptures; and without knowing the word of my Son, with a sincere and humble Heart, they remain fools, fools who deny what they do not know, and pride can make them fall prey to Satan's deception. My Son's grouchy Church does not proclaim the Great Warning as an act of my Son's mercy; instead, the Warning is rejected and denied. For this reason, my Son warns of what will happen through her instrument, even if her own brethren deny the truth of my calls. I am a missionary Mother; I call and warn; I communicate and explain to those who have ears to hear and convert. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the moment is shortening before the indifferent gaze of mankind, who are surprised by the unheard Will of God. The earth will burn as dry hay burns in the sun. It will burn, a fire that man fuels with his great ignorance, which has led him to deny the existence of evil, to hide the truth, to live immersed in worldly distractions that confuse and cause man to lose his way. When evil works in a person's thoughts, it uses the wrong ideas and behaviors of that same person to inspire him to act badly and work badly. Beloved children, Satan knows that he cannot waste a single moment, which is why his demons lash out at mankind, because they are aware that they have little time left to lead man to perdition. Children, listen to me! Going against God's Will opens the door for Satan to enter the life of the one who allows it. Do not allow it! Stop, repent and return to my Son! O people of God, remember that 'my people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. Knowledge gives authority, so you will not fall because of ignorance. He who falls, and has knowledge, acts against God's Will, therefore he must tame his evil inclinations, for he doubly offends my Son. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, pray for Spain, for it will suffer at the hands of men. Pray for Japan, for it will be shaken. Pray for the United States, for it will be shaken. Pray for England, for she will weep. Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, time is shortening. I have given humanity so many warnings! Only a few come to Me; the rest leave in fear, afraid that My warnings will come true; Satan takes advantage of this to lead more to perdition. I do not bring you fear; I call you to preparation and to knowledge, so that you do not remain in ignorance. Love one another as brothers.... do not forget that my Son will separate the wheat from the weeds.... do not destroy one another; my Heart aches for this reason.... do not be those who do not love their brothers and have forgotten the Commandment to love your neighbor.... everyone is a missionary of peace; only those who allow themselves to be caught in the trap of evil poison the Hearts of their brothers. My children, pray; the Etna volcano will be a cause for alarm. Unite, respect one another, do not harm My Son. My Heart, the Morning Star, lights the way for all people. Come to Me, so that I may lead you to My Son. At every moment, my Blessing remains in each of my children. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 20 2015 - Jesus Christ
Christ: my beloved people, I immediately call again, so that this moment will not be wasted. As the dawn appears to bring light and overcome the darkness, so I bring you my Word to be a beacon that will direct you to me; do not be lost in this confusing moment. Luz de Maria: 'My Lord, there is so much violence in the world, and man continues to ignore it! Christ: my beloveds, they live in the midst of earthly powers that are not transparent, they do not move in search of the good of humanity, but seek political power. My beloved ones, political and economic power leads mankind to constantly fight to steal your freedom, which I gave you through My sacrifice on the Cross. My children are throwing themselves into participating in what is not real, the mask of ultimate interests is so subtle that humanity cannot decipher it. My beloved children, you hear the information that they choose for you; the truth is put aside so that humanity will not react against the great powers that are killing my children through dehumanizing acts. Luz de Maria: 'my beloved Lord, people are divided, siding with the most powerful nations, without looking specifically at the great danger posed by war with nuclear weapons. Christ: he who appears to be the defender of the people will be humiliated before all mankind. Conflicts escalate and draw small countries into them, which, without thinking about it, join the game of premeditation of those who remain dictators and owners of humanity. These are powerful families that stick together with the single goal of establishing a single government, thus initiating the unification of religion, education, economics.... and preparing humanity for the coming of the one who will whip my children. The Antichrist is in the world and is surreptitiously surveying the stage on which people are moving and setting up whatever is necessary to make chaos commonplace and for his coming to be perceived by my people as an act of Salvation, when they are plunged into suffering at the hands of terrorism, war, strife and famine, which will be a specter that will pass among my children, driving people to despair and to be more savage than animals. In the face of starvation, man is not man. The land, given to man by my Father, is subject to merciless abuse and is in agony. Man does not cultivate the land, but destroys it in order to erect great buildings, and this is part of the plan of mass construction that the antichrist is proposing to mankind as a solution; but this is not a solution, it is another door for my children to continue against each other, and there will be millions of deaths all over the planet. The man of the moment mostly ignores the evil that nuclear power generates; therefore, he looks at it with disdain, until it appears at his door and shows the deadly creation of man demolishing everything in its path. Within seconds, one nation will be left without inhabitants. Luz de Maria: 'Christ, You suffered for Your children; how many wrongs the creation has suffered at the hands of man! Christ: my beloved, man has not given a good account of his stewardship of all that has been given to him for his good. The earth will burst before your astonished gaze, you who refuse to repent and reject my love. Pray, my children, the earth will shake until it bursts. Pray, my children, Japan will be swallowed up by the sea. Pray, my children, the western United States will be submerged in sea water. My children, the weary earth will crack and the geography will change; pray for Europe. Nothing material will give man happiness, nothing material will satiate man ... the eagle boasts of power ... the bear throws itself on a small city with sacrifice, and by advancing in partnership, it will increase its strength, expand and cause pain ... when the dragon awakens, mercy will not be mercy ... the peace that man will negotiate will turn into violence. Israel will suffer pain at the hands of terrorism, and by reacting rashly, it will bring suffering upon itself. Luz de Maria: 'Lord of mercy, people are so ignorant when they disregard what you said about acting and working to stop the progress of evil! Christ: my beloved ones, man grows in knowledge and it is good when knowledge is not used for evil, but at the moment man is the cause of his own destruction with vicious violence, disregarding my Love and my constant calls to stop the progress of evil. My people, the devil through deception has poured ignorance upon mankind, the ignorance that has so mastered you! Ignorance has so mastered mankind that man no longer thinks, does not reason, but only lets himself be carried away by the crowd. I see a man who, in the midst of great technology, does not know his own will, does not delve into the knowledge of his surroundings, and because of this erroneous action, man has fallen into a great abyss. Man gives way to the one who controls him, doing whatever the controlling one wants, and because of his ignorance, man allows himself to be controlled; and it is this gratuitous ignorance that will make mankind the slave of Satan's spawn. My children, in the face of this massed ignorance, there are no class distinctions, titles, degrees or age; there are no social positions. This ignorance has been the great strategy of evil, to subvert the thirst for knowledge and increase ignorance in mankind in order to easily subjugate it and make it see good where evil reigns, and not see evil where evil has already taken over. Luz de Maria: 'Lord, Your people, besieged at every moment by evil, still love ignorance, probably thinking that if they are ignorant, they bear less responsibility...'. Christ: Beloved, all will stand before me, and I will cast the weeds into the fire, the weeds that were ignorant of their own accord or for convenience. At my Second Coming, my Justice will give everyone his reward. Before My Second Coming, My Mercy comes to this generation in the form of the Great Warning, which you have already experienced and to which you must bear witness, because there will not be a single deed that will escape My Justice. He who is voluntarily ignorant is most lukewarm; he rejects knowledge so as not to be responsible for his mistakes. One who knows and acts as an ignorant person is an even greater sinner than one who is voluntarily ignorant. I call upon my children to know me, to delve into me and not to be deceived by the Pharisees of this moment, who incline to other practices that are not in accordance with my Will. He who delves into knowledge is at the same time loving, if he instructs his brothers to come out of ignorance. My priests are called by Me to lead My people out of ignorance, so that evil does not steal souls. The thing is that without prayer, My priests are like empty great clay jars, they do not contain the wine of wisdom, and the lamp is not lit because they do not have good oil. My beloved ones, I call upon my people to serve and help one another. I call upon my faithful priests, those who are exiled, to proclaim my Truth; I call upon them to be vigilant, to bring the explanation of my Word to your brothers and to be a constant practice of my deeds and works. My people, the clouds are darkening because of the rivalry between the powers; mankind will suffer and be purified. You, my faithful, will be persecuted, but my Cross is the sign of victory over death, it is the sign of resurrection for ever and ever. My help will come in the cruelest moments and will be a balm for my people. Go forward, my beloved children, my Mother does not abandon you. Draw nourishment from the Eucharist, do not waver, I do not abandon you. Do not reject my words, suffering is near, and with it the joy of my people. I bless each and every one of you, my people, I bless you so that my Blessing will be a strength and that you will not fall at any time. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 25 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Love keeps me constantly vigilant for those who are mine. Beloved people of my Son, you are the ones who correct the transgressions of most of your brothers. My mantle protects those who pray with faith and fidelity to my Son, and they witnessed this maternal care when my children shouted in unison. The water and the wind stopped before my mantle that covered Mexico, giving this my beloved people the opportunity to repent. Offenses against my Son are constant and varied. My beloved Mexican people have been given a new opportunity to stop the excessive sinfulness that has settled in this nation that loves me. The devil has moved in with my beloved children so that sin will abound where I live; he has moved in all over the world. And my children have allowed themselves to be seduced by evil and its machinations, forgetting that by acting and working in this way they are gravely offending my beloved Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be faithful to my Son and do not stop looking to heaven, the signs do not stop, heaven heralds what mankind will suffer. Man quickly forgets my constant calls to conversion before you have to examine yourselves, taking into account the evil deeds and works you have lived. Before you can see yourselves inside, you will experience the outside of the Great Warning; sin does not affect man only in his soul, it also affects everything around him. Consequently, heaven will warn you of the Warning; you will see a great sign in the sky. It will not harm you physically, but the impression will be great as you will see the sky light up in the midst of darkness like you have never experienced before. People all over the world will feel, see and live in great uncertainty, because they know that these signs herald the Warning. Beloved children, accept My Words so that you will struggle for conversion. I will not enter the Second Coming of my Son before I prepare you and call you to change your lives, so that in the Warning you can repent for your evil deeds and evil actions; for what you have done and for what you have not done. After a prior and brief warning, all of humanity will enter the Warning in unity, wherever it is. Do not wait until you see the signs. You should go through a major transformation - right now! -so that you are not caught sleeping in disobedience. Man's disobedience attracts terrible tribulations. Water is a sign of purification. Mankind will never again be punished with a flood, although this does not mean that water will not penetrate the entire earth to purify it. Once again, the water will purify the wrong deeds and works of this generation. The coming events will cause the earth's axis to shift, and this, along with an event that will make the earth move with great force, will cause seawater to come ashore with great force - a phenomenon different from a tsunami. In spite of all this, mankind will still be mired in sin, in moral decline, and therefore in spiritual decline, until it sees fire descending from heaven with great force. However, humanity will continue to give itself over to evil, giving the antichrist power over human destiny. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you have not yet entered the end times. This is the beginning of the great tribulation, a trial for the Christian, not only bodily, but also spiritually, who by faithfulness will win Heaven for my children. Do not be deceived, my children, the battles will flare up again as time goes on. They have not yet fulfilled the great revelations, the revelations concerning the Salvation of mankind; they have not complied with the consecration of Russia to my Immaculate Heart, they have consecrated France to the Sacred Heart of my Son and the entire world, but they have not complied with my great request to avoid misery and great suffering for this generation. Time is not time, it is the moment, and at the moment it seems that Rome is not looking at the moment as such, because it has not complied with my request. My Son accepted the good intentions of some of my beloved favorites when they entrusted the world to my Immaculate Heart, but they have not yet fully complied with my instructions. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not be afraid, be lamps that shine at all times. In every revelation of mine and in every apparition, I continue to fill you in on all the events and sufferings of mankind due to the rebellion of that mankind against God's law and contempt for my Son and all that represents Him. As the Mother of the apostles of the end times, I warn you relentlessly, not that you should be afraid, but that you should decide to change your life and change the path that leads to the perdition of your soul. The deeds and works of this generation are abominable, the devotion to debauchery is uncontrollable, the woes of mankind have risen to the surface, and the rebellion and contempt for my Son have led them to adore Satan, who will send to them the greatest persecutor of mankind against Christians - those whom he will call adorers of evil, to support their contempt for the children of Christ: King of the Universe. Beloved children, do not be afraid, glory awaits you; eternal life is not achieved by one prayer, but by constantly living in the Will of God, overcoming temptations at every moment and fulfilling everything you know to be the Law of God; and bringing the practice of knowledge and faith to brothers and sisters who do not know my Son and have not heard of eternal life; to those who ignore the prophecies, who have not taken me as Mother or my Son as Savior. Beloved children, pray for Chile; the earth will shake. Beloved children, pray for Argentina; the people of this beloved country will take up arms. Beloved children, pray for Mexico; it will be shaken. Beloved children, pray for Indonesia; it will suffer. The unexpected appearance of the asteroid brings great suffering to my children. My beloved children, I call upon you to prepare to rectify the offenses and sacrifices made to Satan, by which human beings who do not love my Son cause Him great suffering by giving their lives to Satan on October 31. Be ready to rectify the sacrifices of innocent children with which these creatures satisfy Satan on this day; rectify the rituals of these creatures who joyfully celebrate this date and declare Satan the owner of mankind. People of my Son, you, as apostles and missionaries of my Son and of my Immaculate Heart, prepare the consecration - personal, family and world - to our Sacred Hearts for this coming October 31 to rectify the insults against my Son. It is not necessary to dress your children in costumes that resemble Christian signs or religious demonstrations; you do not have to allow this day to be considered a holiday. This is a tradition that has nothing to do with Christianity, it is a pagan tradition, offered to darkness and associated with evil, in which the year is given over to darkness. Beloved children, Christians attach traditions to their lives that are not Christian, but pagan. God's children must not take part in this and must not allow their homes to be part of a place that attracts evil. This generation has not understood the need to be completely spiritual, the need to surrender to God's Will, to live a life dedicated to our Sacred Hearts, so that the fight against evil will be less painful. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this pagan holiday will cause pain not only to my Son, but also to you. The proximity of what is coming doubles the transgressions of those who have knowingly and unknowingly given themselves over to Satan. Repair yourselves, my children, to help me save souls. Be aware of God's Law, be aware of sin, be aware of offenses against my Son, be aware of the word of my Son and all that he has proclaimed as righteous acts for his children, and be aware of all that he has proclaimed as against the good acts of his children. My beloved ones, in the end my Immaculate Heart will triumph, and my children will see the glory of God. I bless you in every act by which you rectify, sacrifice and act to rectify so many continuing offenses against the Living God, the True God, the King of Heaven and Earth. You, children of my Immaculate Heart, pray 'whether the time favors or disfavors'. Be practitioners of the Word of God. I bless you with my Immaculate Heart. Your Heavenly Mother. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 28 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Love is a blessing for each of you. My Love puts an end to the evil that lurks in ambush for mankind. I need all my children to remain united and united in my Will, I need them all present, being my faithful disciples, carrying my Word to each of your brothers. My people, to whom I have given all my love, I come today to ask for your love as your response to my gift. I created man with free will precisely so that you can freely decide to what extent you want to follow Me, to what extent you want to submit to My Will, and by what measure you will show Me when I examine you for obedience to Me. I need children who are convinced, determined to convert, so that their conversion requires surrendering to Me and giving up everything for Me. At the moment, human creatures are immersing themselves in everything that is attractive to them, and what is attractive to man is distancing him from everything that is connected to My House. My call is one, obedience. My beloved people, for My true disciples - those I called for the first time - one word from Me was enough, one call was enough for them to follow Me. This is how the disciples of this moment must act and work. This disciple does not need me to speak to him constantly, as I am doing at this moment, because he has me rooted in his Heart and therefore listens to me constantly, because he lives constantly immersed in me; he does not work and act within the framework of his human free will, which keeps him mundane, because he knows that free will is a gift from us, so that he can choose to take and follow the true path. Therefore, my faithful children do not live in moments, do not live in illusions, do not live depending on what may or may not happen to them along the way, because they know that whatever happens is my Will. It is completely different when my children act under the oppression of free will, not listening to me; then their path will be saturated with setbacks, unexpected events, situations that will suddenly appear and make them feel that they do not know what to do. This is a sign of the workings of human free will, and these acts and works are not my Will. Listen and ask yourself these questions, how do you act?.... How much do you love your neighbors?.... What do you give in My Name, truth or hypocrisy, love or rejection?.... Children, do not neglect prayer.... My beloved ones, you have all received from Me a legacy, a great teaching that no true Christian should omit - prayer. None of my children was born a wise preacher, and none of my children was born knowing all of my Word. The life of each of you is a constant practice of My Word, My gift, My teachings, My Law. You have my example, I have gone into seclusion to pray alone with my Father. My true children cannot bear witness to me if they do not go to pray alone with our Holy Trinity, because if they do not act and work in this way, they act and work within the empire of free will. My children know that even I, the God-Man, did not act without first praying to my Father. And this is because in the hustle and bustle of daily life you cannot be attentive to the inspirations of my Holy Spirit. Some of my children think they are enlightened and therefore think they don't need to go to prayer alone with our Trinity, they think they don't need to listen to the inspiration, discernment and enlightenment of my Holy Spirit to act and work. You need to be open to knowing My Word in the Holy Scriptures, and there you will find the answer to all your questions and doubts, for I say, 'he who is not with Me is against Me.' If you do not love your brother, do not love Me, and you should not come to receive Me in the Eucharist; if you do not bless your brother, do not bless Me. Woe to those who make firewood from a fallen tree! Pharisees and hypocrites are those who claim to know my Law, and wait for one word from me to swoop down on my tools like birds of prey. Let each of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone. Do not forget that I have forgiven the good thief, but mankind must be aware that it does not act and does not work in My Will. Those of you who call yourselves Christians and proudly come to my temples and say 'I am a Catholic'... you do not yet know my Law in depth, you do not know my Word, and you devote yourselves to criticizing it like human gods, so you do not put it into practice. I explain the truth to all of you, and even then they continue to deny the events that My Mother has foretold through the ages and that will be fulfilled before this generation ends. Hypocrites are those who live denying the calls of my Mother - given that I am God and my Mother, the Mother of humanity, what kind of God would allow the revelations of his Mother and his word to reveal what will not be fulfilled? No, children, I am not a God of ambiguity; My Word is not subject to the liberalism of each generation; My Word is constant, it is one, real and true. Obedience in my people consists in constant obedience to my Word as expressed in the Scriptures and in the law that my Father gave to Moses, in the Commandments. God's Word is one, is not subject to interpretation, and remains in force until the end of time. Beloved, pray, considering the provocations between the great nations to bring war closer. Beloved, pray, be persistent, all must pray and united in prayer grow until you unite with My Will. Beloved ones, pray; water cleanses man. My children know with certainty that I do not place them in the hands of strangers to my Love, they know with certainty that one can have the strength of a thousand people if his faith is the size of a mustard seed, they know with certainty that I send my protection, the one I announced I would send in times of trouble. People do not know how to wait, they spin anticipatory guesses about what I will announce, when they wonder who I will send, some think it will be an angel from my heavenly court, others imagine him with great wings under which they will hide, still others say he will be mistaken for the antichrist. Ah ... children, 'I am who I am' peace, love, security, trust; I am not confusion. My people have never been abandoned. My protection will return to My people despite the fact that it will again be rejected, My Word will come to be remembered and will again be despised. My children, the majority of mankind has entered the path of pain by accepting resentment against our Trinity; slowly man will attract his own free will used improperly and in rebellion against our august majesty. I need well-disposed people to follow my teachings. No prayer, however small, is fruitless if it flows from the depths of the Heart, from the desire, from the disposition of those who are Mine to be true and faithful. My Will is not idle, it does not remain static, it is a continuous practice of every Word of God, in which I keep My people to grow and be fed, to grow and be purified in the fulfillment of the Law of God, to grow and live thirsting for Me and My Mother. I need a people determined to obey the Divine Word, so that they will not be deceived by the voices of the 'wolves in sheep's clothing' that prowl among my people; when they are united in prayer and ask my Holy Spirit for discernment, they will delve into my Will, where they will discover that once their free will is placed in our hands and in the hands of my Mother, the merging of creation with its creator will allow it to enjoy Heaven before its time. You remain under my protection. I love you. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 02 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, at every moment my Mercy overflows towards all mankind. I constantly look at every human being and hope that they will look at me and ask me for help. I respect man's free will and wait patiently and painfully when I see him suffering from his disobedience, his ignorance, his conditioning and his rebellion. My people, I remain attentive to your requests, to your cries for help to come out of the mundane and sinful. I remain attentive so that my Holy Spirit will give you the necessary discernment when you ask me for it, so that you will not fall into that which is not my Will. My beloved people, the world current pulls, it attracts; it is a wave that keeps moving, touching the lives of my children in every aspect, until at the most trivial moment it entrains you to rebel against me and to surrender to what seems easy, but in the end it will leave you in a spiritual abyss from which you can get out only by starting anew on the path towards me. Without even noticing it, you become involved in worldly matters, in the constant coming and going of situations that consume and compromise you. Sometimes some of them seem good, and you may think they keep you close, very close to Me, but when My children don't make room for prayer, when they don't experience that moment alone with Me, they leave, because the human will pushes you toward what seems and can be good, but distances you from those moments when creation and its creator must enter into dialogue. The creature must examine itself so that my Holy Spirit will show it the path of truth, and in this way - and only in this way - your actions and works will be the result of my Will, not any human will. My people, each of you in particular, must remain in constant vigilance; evil makes you long for certain things which you deprive yourselves of, and which are enjoyed by your brothers who have not sacrificed for Me. Do not regret this, do not repent, for those who enjoy worldly things will have something to regret when they find themselves in undesirable situations for which they will sooner or later repent, regardless of the consequences. My beloved ones, you know that I am Mercy and Justice at the same time.... and as the Righteous Judge before all created things, call upon Me to allow them to act to awaken souls, and I cannot refuse the opportunity to save even one soul. My beloved people, you are not paying attention to the signs of this moment, when you should be preparing yourselves with all that My Mother has demanded for your good. The Horseman of the Apocalypse is roaming the earth. My children are suffering because of this, it is the result of rebellion, the result of wanting to modernize me when I am the eternal present. What is new to my children is mostly the result of sin, which people immerse themselves in and which attracts their attention, and they feel satisfied with what is not allowed, and they feel contempt for what is allowed to me. In the time of Noah, sin abounded excessively on earth. This moment causes sin to multiply in constant renewal, so my children will feel comfortable rebelling in one way or another against what is established in Scripture. My beloved people, if I were to call upon you to modernize my Word, I would not be God; because I am God, I know the present of man, this moment, and if I were to correct my Word, I would admit that I have erred, and therefore I must renew what is written, so that today's man will be satisfied with his unruly, imprudent and altered or evil deeds and works that are outside my Will. My beloved people, the earth continues to crack with pain because man ignores what is spiritual.... the sun will emanate a blast of heat so strong that it will greatly disrupt communications, the security systems of world powers will be paralyzed.... and humanity will see that my creation does not find man in harmony with that divine attunement that man should maintain with his Creator. My beloved people, don't be content with just going to Eucharist every day; let Me move your hearts, minds, thoughts, actions and works to live a life of true devotion to Me and to your brothers and sisters. My people like to share the wisdom that is not located in human creation, the wisdom they can find in the deeds of my Love, in knowing me and in reducing the suffering of your brothers and sisters with the hope of a better tomorrow. My people are living in anxiety and sorrow because of the Church, which has froze so as not to publicize these events that my Mother has prophesied throughout the earth. I call upon you to be prepared, I call upon you to draw near to me and live the practice of my Word as true witnesses of my Love and my Justice. My people, I have already announced to you that war will break out from a small nation, this moment has come because of the constant rebellion of mankind, because of disobedience to my Law and contempt for my Will, which is for the good of my children. The climate is changing relentlessly, the climate is being changed by man, who in his desire to be God has touched the most delicate fibers of my Love, my Mercy, my Truth and my Justice. At this moment, the supply of weapons to small countries is in a state of intensification, the drums of war are increasing their roar among a humanity devoid of a sense of reality, where man has created weapons with which he can make humanity disappear. One thing is man's thinking and desire.... Something else is what my Will allows and what it does not allow.... Pray, my children; new volcanoes will rise in unthinkable places. Pray, my children; volcanoes will become active. Pray for Italy. Pray, my children; the earth will shake with force in several countries on the same day. Pray for the United States, pray for Chile, pray for India, pray for Central America, pray for Japan. Beloved ones, look carefully at the signs, notice that the one who will resurrect the antichrist with the greatest force is already showing signs of his power and is leading brotherly countries to become his allies through a quiet strategy that exploits the needs of other countries. The unification of humanity into one government will be the push through which you will learn who has been hiding behind the scenes. My beloved people, I urge you not to be insensitive to my Word and to the Word of my Mother, you complain by saying that my prophecies and the prophecies of my Mother are not being fulfilled.... Man is so conceited! You should thank me that you have not suffered the oppression of a being - unyielding and without feelings - who will wield humanity with a whip and an iron fist. I love you all, but this love is trampled upon by a very large majority of my children; not all of them recognize me as their Lord and Savior. Right now, on one front and the other, evil is overtaking humanity and leading it stealthily toward total mastery by the power born of the devil. The ocean will be shaken and thrown ashore in the coastal areas of the state of Mexico after an earthquake of great intensity in Mexico. Mankind, my people, wake up! The warning is near and I want souls ready for conversion, not children of pride and disobedience. My people, who understand Me, correct your brothers and sisters, let each one be a witness to My Love. I am not moving away from you, it is you who are constantly moving away from Me. I protect you with my most precious Blood, which makes evil withdraw when my children recognize the value of my Divine Blood. I bless you, I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 03 2015 - Saint Michael the Archangel
Beloved in Christ: man has become utterly foolish; he believes he is self-sufficient at the most critical moment for mankind, when man is close to severing the thread that has, in one way or another, bound all men, God's creatures, in balance; and at this moment man is at a critical point - I repeat, critical - when man will enter the phase of the greatest catastrophe of this generation. I, the leader of the court of heaven, come to call upon you with great urgency to change your attitude. Man, the son of God, cannot persist in this unbridled run toward all that he does not know, cannot persist in falling, because when spirituality falls into decline, it becomes heavy, and darkness prevents it from rising again. At this moment, we, the legions of heaven, are in a constant battle with evil; a constant battle, because the legions of evil are over all people to take them captive and bind them with the chains of sin, so that they do not feel the desire to repent. As the commander of God's army, I feel great pain when I hear the sermons of some of the favorite sons of our most holy Queen, priests, in which the existence of the devil is denied, because our heavenly armies fight immediately against these demonic legions that invade the mind, the thoughts, invade the intelligence of man and nullify it, in order to fill the heart of man with wickedness, bitterness and desire for revenge, awakening in man unimaginable deeds and works. I listen and realize how, through a single word that denies the existence of the devil or Satan, human creatures give themselves over to debauchery and thus fall into the snare of all that is sinful and that offends our King and Lord Jesus Christ. At this moment, in order for man to remain faithful to our King, he must know our King, not by what other brothers say, not by what other brothers have experienced, everyone must have his own personal experience with our King. Each creature's encounter with his Creator is necessary for faith to be invincible; on the contrary, faith based on other people's experience and on other people's prayers is faith made of shifting sands, which will fall at any moment and will not rise again. Beloved children of the King, as the prince of the armies of heaven, I must tell you that man has reached the maximum point of lust for power, and therefore he will not think of his brothers and will rush to war. And rivers of blood will flow through the whole world in front of merciless man, man willing to fight just so he can kill, torture his brothers, because those beings who choose the path of force and sin will persecute those whose souls are on the right path, the path of our King. Beloved of our King, you desire to be better and take the steps of eternal life. You will achieve this by overcoming yourselves, by fighting against yourselves. This is the moment when you decide to tear down everything that hinders you from rising to union with the Will of the Holy Trinity. If you continue to act and work as you have done and are doing at the moment, it will be difficult for you to know more than what you can see with the naked eye. Each of you must be determined to make a real change, a real change, and the great obstacle to the spiritual path is your temperament.... our King left the teaching of the temperament of peace, and as long as the human creature does not choose this model of peace of our King, it will be difficult for him to rise and achieve fullness of life in the spirit. Humility is necessary, and he who does not overcome himself allows pride to lead him where it pleases, and this will not be an encounter with his Creator. At this time it is necessary for you to be messengers of love and peace. A being who is full of pride, a being who is arrogant, a being who is devoid of love is a being that will not be able to achieve a speedy meeting with its Lord and King. You have free will, use it to control yourself, and anytime the human ego wants to overcome the steps you have taken to advance spiritually, stop and don't let it continue. We are all over the earth because we want to satisfy the thirst of the souls of Christ. We are fellow travelers, we are God's messengers, it is our duty not to abandon you. According to the Divine Will, every creature has its own guardian angel. Considering what is coming, in accordance with Heaven's request, we give each of you all the help you need to conquer and transcend this world that constantly prevents you from fully experiencing the joy that only comes from fidelity to the Holy Trinity and love for our Queen and Mother of humanity. Pray the Holy Rosary; our Queen listens and intercedes for you. Man fights with himself, fights against himself, fights to stand out and be first in every way. Man is dominated by pride and by the bad teaching of most parents, who are lenient with their children, and children do not show them due respect. The rebellion of today's youth has been formed in homes where the center of the home is technology, meaning the television. Parents do not take care of their children because they are constantly worried about the programs of which they are faithful fans, and children do not take care of their parents; communication in families has been lost. Children use technology until the wee hours of the morning, and that's why they don't do well in their studies and rebel as human beings, because misused technology constantly transmits to them violence, rebelliousness, strife, killing, lack, scarcity, war, indifference and competitiveness. Beloved children of the King, right now homes are so misdirected! Satan takes advantage of this misdirection to divide families - parents against children, children against parents, brothers against brothers - because Satan owns the division in which he takes great pleasure. You can no longer hear concrete dialogue in families, because every seat is occupied by electronic gadgets. You children of God, do not let this defeat you, that through social networks you are controlled precisely by those who work for the benefit of the antichrist. Have you not noticed! Right now, man is completely controlled in his actions and works, and therefore will easily fall prey to the antichrist. Children of the Queen of all angels and Mother of men, it is necessary for you to return to being true, to stay on the right path, not to succumb to evil and not to deny God. You must be courageous, generous, active in communities to bring the word of good news to all those who are on the wrong paths. Great events are taking place on earth, among them a meteorite that will fall into the sea and cause a great tsunami in the Atlantic Ocean, several islands will be flooded and a large number of your brothers will die immediately. Change at this time! Don't wait until tomorrow! Be new beings who act and work, knowing that time belongs to our King, not to man, and when man expects or trusts that there is a lot of time, perhaps at this moment is when he has the least time. Man waits and does not change, he cannot correct his path if it is not through true repentance, and true repentance means acting and working in the likeness of Christ. There are merciful, kind souls who love their brethren, but deep in their hearts, what prevails is arrogance, the desire to stand out, and above all, a domineering temperament that controls all those who approach them. Temperament is a blessing because it shapes creation, but at this time it is necessary for creation to shape its temperament and place it in the hands of the Divine and in the hands of our Queen, so that through the crucible of life they will make a new creation, full of peace and love. Children of the King, hurry, do not waste this moment, because those who are contrite during the Great Warning will be those who, after the Warning, will continue with determination the steps of the Master; but those who abound in pride during the Warning will, after the Warning, rise up against their brothers and make your Crosses bloodier and heavier. It is of utmost importance, children, that you pray for Indonesia, because in addition to the upheaval on its soil, fire will come out of the volcanoes and cause great misfortune for mankind. Do not forget that the sun is a sign of life and prosperity for man, but at the moment this same sun is rebelling against man's wickedness. The history of mankind is a history of love and merciful opportunities from the King, but the people of this generation have taken advantage of God's mercy to abuse that mercy, and then Christ arrives on His steed to cleanse His people before they are all executed. Our King allows His children to purify themselves so that their souls will not be lost. Beloved children of our King and our Queen, the war will come sooner than you imagine, do not forget this, remember this, not forgetting that God's Mercy will remain with each of you, but also God's Justice remains and will remain with each of you. Pay no attention to those who deny sin, hell and evil, for they will drag you into eternal fire. Our Queen and Mother of all angels intercedes for all of you, and her son Jesus Christ has commanded her to command our legions, so that she will be the one to crush Satan's head and put him in chains in the abyss, so that he cannot seduce the nations and cannot continue to create snares among people. The blood of the King's children will be spilled, and the earth will shake with force, causing the earth's axis to shift - and that shift with force - causing sea water to flood the earth, until mankind bows its knees and our Queen and Lady commands the elements to stop. In their stubbornness, they will not admit that they are guilty of bringing upon themselves what they attract, that they are guilty of misfortune, pain and suffering at this particular moment. Young children will not suffer what adults do; adults are aware of their actions and deeds. The righteous, the innocent will be saved by us during the great and terrifying purification. Later they will be taken to their places of origin. It is easy to carry the word, it is difficult to fulfill it in daily life. Beloved children of our King, you are waiting, our King will send his beloved creation to his people, who are joyfully waiting for the King's command to come to earth and continue his apostolate protecting the people of our righteous King from the great interests that are converging at this time, interests that will lead humanity to destruction. Pray, pray; there is no human being who prays without knowing why; those who pray do so because they need help. Those who pray do so because they need shelter, guidance and protection. Pray, pray in faith when you convert; you must convert so that your prayer will be heard by the Creator, by the Mother of all people, to intercede. We remain with you, and each of your guardian angels suffers when you act against God's Will, when you act, thinking only of your personal well-being, when you act to gain prominence before your brothers. Our King needs humble people, people who are simple but invincible, people who are convinced and converted, ready to carry the word and turn it into an act of love to share with their brothers. Mankind is full of creatures who do not know what is coming; they are ignorant and, because of their ignorance, deny the fulfillment of the prophecies. They are so ignorant that they assure that the predictions from Heaven are only inventions to frighten mankind, and they do not take responsibility. You are the ones who should save the soul and achieve eternal life. You are the ones who need God's help, you are the ones who should cry Abba Father! Hail Mary! It is you who should conclude that without Divine Help you are nothing and will achieve little or nothing. Do not continue to be easily deceived and do not be conceited. You should return to humility and the realization that without Divine Help you would be lost. You should beg for a new opportunity for mercy, and we, who remain attentive to your cries, will come to your aid, but we need the will of man to allow it. Pray, it is important for you to pray for Japan; it is important for you to be aware that nuclear power is the new Herod of this moment. You must be aware of the immense importance and infinite significance of the Cross, so much so that those who do not love Christ: those who despise and deny Him, deny the Commandments, deny the Sacraments, deny the Beatitudes, deny the love and sacrifice of Christ for humanity, these especially fear the Cross because they know that it represents eternal life, glory and the triumph of life over death. Hear once again the roar of the earth and see in awe how it opens; in the sky you will soon see great signs; do not continue to deny what is foretold to you by the prophet of Christ, beloved daughter of our Queen. Revelations are given in advance, before they are fulfilled, and science then confirms them. Who like God! If God is with you, who is against you? But strengthen yourselves and do not deny what is undeniable, for there will be great discoveries and great truths will be known. May the God of peace and mercy and our Queen bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 09 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I come to you, My beloved children, with My Love and My Mercy to guard you, as a good shepherd cares for his sheepfold. Love pours out for everyone from My Heart, it is an inexhaustible source where everyone can satisfy their thirst, a thirst that grows in what is worldly and leads people to seek new sources where they sink even further and distance themselves from Me. My Love is at hand.... is one step away from you, but you do not recognize it because you are far from it. You must keep your senses constantly united to Me, so that you will love Me more and choose My way; otherwise you will remain between sin and My Love, and the two are incompatible, evil is evil and good is good; for 'whoever is not with Me is against Me.' Keeping your senses centered in Me will keep you centered in Me, and thus the soul will be attached to Me. My beloved people, every thought must be born of the need to bring Me to your brothers; every action must be born of the need to know Me. Do not forget that the response you receive will depend on the deeds and works with which you turn to your brothers. Who can deny my Word? Who can deny the existence of the place of eternal suffering? Who can deny my Justice when my children need it, so that they are no longer lost? Who can deny my Omnipotence? I am not satisfied with the behavior of some of my children, but my Love waits until the last moment for them to repent. They have forgotten that righteous deeds and works magnetize My Heart toward creatures, who thus bear witness to My Presence in them. Man punishes himself through his deeds and works directed toward evil. The result of their evil deeds and works is the negative consequence that the human creature generates for itself. My beloved people, I call upon you to be vigilant and attentive, to prepare yourselves and get to know Me as best you can.... do not skimp a moment to know Me, to bask in My Merciful Love and at the same time in My Divine Justice. I do not punish my beloved children, my children generate for themselves the consequences of their evil deeds, their contempt and disrespect for my Will, their rebellion and pride. I wait and love, love and wait for those who are mine; I am patient, omnipresent. I do not allow the faults of my children to pass unnoticed. I wait for man's repentance, I act quickly, allowing My creation to act and awakening in man the need to seek Me. My beloved people, my Church will be shaken, my mystical body will be confused and will sway from place to place, my mystical body will be bewildered. There will be moments of uncertainty and serious confusion. My Church will be flogged by the hidden power of Freemasonry and by interests foreign to me. My Mother will be rejected and Her motherhood despised. Attention, my children! Ask for my Holy Spirit so that you will discern and not fall or lose heart. Some of my children will experience moments of trial in their faith; therefore, they must know me and know that my Word is one, it does not change; God's Law is one, it does not change.... children, pray, knowing that prayer is effective when it flows from the depths of the heart; fasting strengthens requests and unifies the desire of creation to be heard by my House, especially in these and upcoming moments when confusion will make my faithful cry. Pray, my children, for Venezuela; it will suffer at the hands of nature. Pray, my children, pray for my Church; it will be deeply confused. Pray; volcanoes continue to erupt; pray for Ecuador and Indonesia. Do not retreat, do not put aside your love for me; on the contrary, if you find yourself in great confusion, come to me, receive me in the Eucharist, visit me in the Tabernacle, do not distance yourself from me, pray the Holy Rosary offered to my Mother, ask for help from your Guardian Angel and my Archangels. My Word is one and irrevocable, it is written, and through these exhortations I explain My Word to My children to warn them and help them not to be confused. Beloved of My people, one is My Mercy and one is My Justice.... My mercy calls upon My children not to make decisions concerning the lives of the innocent.... my mercy knocks at the door of my children not to kill themselves.... my mercy calls upon my children not to offend me by acting and working contentedly with that which is not my Will.... my mercy is just, it does not justify what is contrary to good, and it does not abolish the Law of God, it does not rejoice in the rich will of the mighty, it does not rejoice in the sorrow of the helpless, nor in the hunger of the hungry; it does not like the ignorance to which my people are subjected, and it does not rejoice in those who cause wars and misfortunes. Woe to those who cause war! Ruin will come to them! My people, the devil delights in the distress of my children. Come to me, and I will give you rest from the heavy burdens that afflict you. Do not forget that my Truth remains, do not forget that my Mother does not stop walking with my children. 'I am Who am', Infinite Power, Infinite Love, Infinite Mercy.... I am Omniscient and Omnipresent, 'I am who I am.' ... My people are not alone; I go like a pillar of cloud before My people in the marching column.... my people will find rest from their sufferings and clarity in the midst of confusion.... my people will remain before me.... my people will enjoy my House.... my blessing in each of you is a balm at this time. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 12 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Blessing is with you at every moment. I keep nothing for myself, everything I have I pour out to my children, gifts, graces, virtues, blessings, help, protection.... once again I call upon you to walk in my Truth, to persevere in accordance with my Will, and not with the will of men, because everyone has his own interests. You, my people, do not forget that 'I am who I am' and you must keep Me first, so that, shielded by My Will, you will work and act in My likeness. Mankind is running an accelerated race towards its own suffering, caused by disobedience and pride, which are moving farther and farther away from Me with each passing moment. My people, trust in my Word! You who listen to me, spare no effort to stay on the straight path, do not lose hope under any circumstances. The enemy of the soul is an expert at putting you in moments of strong temptation so that you fall; his goal is to prevent you from getting up again, so that you sink, and he robs you of eternal life. But you know that I am here to help you, because if you do not overcome the temptation and get up, you will fall into sin, but if you fall and get up with a strong intention to improve, you will recognize that creation is creation and God is God. My beloved ones, he is preparing! Peace among the nations will crumble, and people will fall prey to unrest. At this moment, evil is brewing in its insidiousness and is spreading throughout humanity, so that those who are not strong in faith and knowledge will fall. I have called upon you to be vigilant and to study my Word, because at this moment there is great confusion, which will increase as the coming of the oppressor of mankind approaches. These are moments of great temptation for my people, because they are being given the freedom to act according to their own law, without respecting God's Law.... There are few who have responded to my previous entreaties and come to delve into the Scriptures, where the Law for my people is found. It pains me to see so many people who are lukewarm at this time, so many who are lukewarm.... are moments when violence is increasing in the world. Communist leaders who control their people like slaves will cause the innocent to suffer because the leaders will not give up their power. Before communism reached its heyday, I warned you, but you evaded my calls and surrendered power to this force that has turned against you, and the consequences are at hand. The alliances of this arm of the antichrist, which is communism, have taken place unnoticed right under the noses of my children. This is due to a lack of preparation on the part of people who see only the current act, without considering the later actions to which they will be subjected, have taken me out of public places, do not allow my children to talk about me, and soon my children will not be allowed to think about me.... for humanity, everything is just a fashion. For this reason they will accept microchipping, they will consider it one more thing, because they will forget that with this act they are giving themselves to the antichrist, giving him power over their souls. Repent, and I will renew you! I will take you by the hand and show you what is worldly and what evil can be found in it. Repent!... My people, madness has gripped you in all the areas in which you turn. Madness, unnoticed, has infiltrated each of you like a silent plague by means of modernism, which is rapidly growing at the moment, allies of evil, in order to deprive you of the opportunity to reflect on the mistakes you are making and to see evil as good and sin as good. My Houses of Prayer and Formation have been contaminated by those who run them, allowing modernism - step by step - to lighten the consciences of those who devote themselves to Me, so that they become lukewarm and do not abide by the fact that 'your word will be 'yes, yes' or 'no, no', but follow the path of pettiness, mediocrity, pleasing themselves first, and My Word is relegated to the background and forgotten. My people, My Law is being put off and will be put off even more by a society with aberrations that have led women to fight against what I have given them, the greatest gift with which I have crowned woman - motherhood. At this moment, this gift shames and distresses those who voluntarily - irresponsibly and without conscience - come to be executioners of the one they carry in the womb. The cries of these innocents, removed at the will of their mother, invade my House. This is the justice that man administers to himself, a justice that the devil facilitates through legal means in many countries, measures that are legal on earth, but to me are an aberration and cause me great pain. Creation does not recognize humanity.... Lost in all sins and in all forms. The lament against human cruelty reaches all the way to my House. Our Trinity - wounded, repressed and forgotten - is waiting for man to return to our path, but to do so, he will have to be cleansed of so much evil he commits. The crucible is painful when it burns, but only in this way will sin be forgiven, when man identifies himself as the cause of his own destruction. Beloved of my people, do not despise these exhortations, do not consider as good what is evil, do not accept spiritual modernisms that lead you to the path of eternal fire. Beloved of my people, do not despise these exhortations; do not consider as good what is evil, and you have accepted. Quickly return to Me, before night falls and darkness forces you to take wrong steps that are not My Will, and you give yourself over to evil.... do not condemn yourselves to a 'second death'. My people, pray for England and Russia, they will bear a heavy Cross for their wrong decisions. My people, creation looks at man with great indifference, because man has mortally wounded her. Pray, children; several countries will suffer as the earth shakes strongly and with great continuity. My people, water continues to purify humanity immersed in sin. Pray for the United States, Mexico and Chile. My people, my mystical body suffers confusion because it does not know me. Come to me all you who are thirsty, and I will give you drink. Come to Me all you who are suffering, and I will relieve you. My faithful enter into moments of desolation; they draw you away from Me. No, my children! Our unification overcomes physical separation.... our unification overcomes human limitations.... our unification overcomes human deceitfulness.... our unification overcomes human life itself, for I am the true life, the eternal life, and it is My own. My beloved people, My Love for My faithful ones surpasses anything that man can devise to separate us. My Love for each of you is such that my help comes when you need it most, so that you can continue on your way to the 'land flowing with milk and honey', to our meeting, where evil will no longer touch you, good will prevail and evil will be put in chains forever. My beloved people, war will peak and come, causing great pain and fear due to man's misuse of science, which has accelerated the unbridled arms race of world powers through technology. The same man will tremble after causing such great harm to his brothers, which is a great ordeal. My beloved people, do not reject my calls, come to me at this moment while the light is still shining and before night falls. I bless you, beloved children, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 16 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, you are My people, and I am your God. You shall not walk shakily, for I go before My children. Beloved, you live in moments of confusion, when you need to realize the faith you have in Me and the conscience with which you fulfill My Word. Everyone has a conscience, and your conscience is calling you to return to the right path; the thing is that most do not listen to their conscience because they live immersed in mundanity, and this creates a great gap between those who live this way and what my Will wants from each of you. At this moment, you must be beings of strong faith, beings determined to abandon everything that draws you away from Me. Each one will see himself and with his own conscience examine his deeds and works toward the brothers and his life in my Will toward the brothers, because I have not hidden God's Will from you, but reveal it through each of my messages. For those who do not focus their lives on me, it will be difficult, very difficult to refrain from sin and it will be very difficult to distinguish between good and evil. Young people and adults must not stray from my Will, for this makes them weak against Satan's wiles and opens the way to perdition. In these my exhortations I warn you of what is coming, but you believe so much in your human self that you overlook the explanation of my Will in order to follow yourself according to your own convenience and those who tell you that I give only love and mercy and therefore you should not listen to these messages of mine, and listen less to the fact that sin is sin and that it distances you from me. Human beings without faith are like a weak windlass that moves in all directions, reacting to convenient gusts of wind. This is the reason for my insistent calls. I want you to be strong and unshakable. Hence the importance and urgency of my House, that you be aware of the possession by evil on earth, and the urgency that each of you in particular be alert to the slightest snare of the devil. Beloved children, the more disobedient you are to Me, the more power you give to evil.... The greater the obedience, sacrifice and love with which you follow Me, the less the grip of evil over humanity.... I am all-powerful, nothing is impossible for me. This is the reason why I call you again to abide in holy expectation. You children want to hasten me, but I keep you in the moments when my prophecies and the prophecies that my Mother announced to you will be fulfilled in my moment, not in your moment. And my moment is this one, the moment of this generation; the thing is that what you call time is ours. They continue to kill the innocent. My Mother is suffering deeply for my people, suffering from the persecution caused by the ignorance in which the great powers hold humanity. Man has concentrated on what terror is doing to humanity and has forgotten about the comet that is approaching the earth and will cause great misery and great destruction. My beloved people, all that is happening is only a preparation for the coming of the antichrist, the one who will bring great pain to My children. I am Love for all My children. Those who take away man's gift of life are not acting in My Name, they are acting under the power of the devil. Those who cause terror and horror will perish in him. He who brings love and freedom will prosper and be free, but truly free. Pray, my children, pray for Spain; suffering will be revealed while the sun still shines. Pray, my children, for Japan. Pray, my children, pray for Central America; it will be shaken. My beloved nation, blood is being shed without mercy. The floggings that will befall humanity are the trials you have brought upon yourselves. Every soul is my greatest treasure, I call you again to be my people. Children, instruct yourselves in My Word, I am eternally present. Do not underestimate My inheritance. The enemy of the soul quickly wants to bring you to ruin, and in order for you to triumph, you must know Me profoundly. My Church has grown from my side and will be tried, like gold in a crucible, by the modernism I reject. Children, it is not in vain that I send you help. My people are able to recognize the One who comes in My Name, but in order to recognize Him, you must remain faithful, steadfast and obedient, in a constant battle against the human ego. Every human being will feel like a stranger on earth, as they live under constant ambush from their brethren. Persecution and terrorism will increase without pause. Those children who mock My Word will come to Me, begging for Divine Help so that they can remain until evil is subdued by Me, and My people will stop being held captive by evil and regain their freedom, their true freedom, which is for man to live in Our Will and give the earth to its Creator, then we will be one. I love you, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 20 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children, I bless you from my maternal Heart, from which I have been calling you from the first moment that the Divine Will sent me to announce to you the events that will arise on earth from the disobedience of mankind and from man's rebellion against the Divine Will, which wants all his children to be saved. You were far from what the Holy Trinity asked of you.... You have been contrary to what I have asked in my calls throughout the world.... I was rejected; my Word was ignored when I asked you to be careful.... For humanity, living in union with the Divine Word, it was a constant struggle in which you found not longing, but a bone of contention with the Father's house.... I asked you to pray so much! Not only because this is how the children of my Son must remain, but also because great spiritual battles await you at this moment - greater than those you have fought and greater than those you will ever fight - and in order for you to prevail, you will need not only the will to win or good intentions, not only your determination; you will need a firm conviction of union with my Son and a firm decision to enter the path of Salvation and walk it. You will find this path by living daily with my Son in the Eucharist and by living the Mass, which is an extension of God's Will, for the rest of your life, so that it will multiply before all your brothers and sisters. I urge you to pray the Holy Rosary with love and respect, with affection and devotion.... children, you have wedding coins, and even more, to remain united as one with my Son, who is waiting for you at every moment, so that you - eager for new life - may delve into Divine Love and, penetrating into it, drink from the unfathomable ocean of Divine Will and exhale supreme love for your brothers. Belong to my Son, you are His people and He is waiting for you with all His love on the road to Salvation. Do not resist such a great supreme love, decide now to be one with my Son!.... You still do not give up with the proper confidence of one who firmly believes in the Divine Word. The Divine Word calls you not to belong to the world and its machinations, but to be the image and likeness of God's deeds and works. As the Mother of all humanity, I suffer, and my Blood pours out of my Heart like a river without ceasing. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not persist in rebellion, which only the enemy of the soul can offer you. You, my children, must fight against yourselves, against your own free will, which at every moment conditions you to remain within the rules of the world or the rules that guide most people. My Son is the one who calls each of you by name. Beloved children, no human creature knows what will happen to humanity as the Father knows. Therefore you must keep faith in the truth of my Son.... 'For many are called, but few are chosen. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, what is arising at this moment is the result of disobedience, impatience and ignorance of the mystical body of the Church. The mind of man is like a minefield, at the minimum moment violence takes over and causes man to perform acts that are guided by evil in order to obtain greater evil. At this point, weapons are spread throughout the world. Whoever denies the truth of the reality of this generation is deluded.... This moment is for my children to recognize the lack of faith and deception in which they have been living. The lack of initiative to approach the Creator of all things visible and invisible has created great ignorance in man, and ignorance leads man to reject the Divine calls that urge preparation. Instead, mankind rejects the presence of the Holy Spirit in man and persistently rejects the plan of Salvation for mankind. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be attentive to every call that contains what awaits humanity, what it will face, not to frighten, but to awaken humanity so that it does not fall into the traps set for it by evil. Children, faith cannot grow if you do not know the One who loves you, my Son.... faith cannot grow if you do not know how much my Son loves you, how merciful He is to man and how just, and therefore everyone is responsible for his actions and how his actions will affect those around him, for good and for evil. Like a roaring lion, the devil has moved against mankind to steal the souls of my Son. The spiritual state of man has opened the door for the devil, making it easier for him not only to whisper, but also to manipulate the senses of man so that these abilities work against the Will of God in favor of what is necessary for evil at this time, when the appearance of the antichrist is determined by the evil forces that remain on mankind. My Son's Church will be strongly shaken by those who do not love my Son, taking advantage of the division that remains in the heart of my Son's people, who, without knowing it, get carried away by the external interests of those who govern them, in order to modernize what is not subject to modernization, God's Law. Pray, my children, pray for the Church of my Son; evil has infiltrated it. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico, my beloved land; its acquiescence to the modernization of the moral fabric of society will soon make it tremble. Pray for France; the sun will clearly show the pain of those who lash out at their brothers without mercy. Pray, children, pray for Japan; nuclear energy is increasing, making man suffer and polluting the planet. Beloved ones, everyone goes through life according to his own interests. You should rise and become better every moment, examining yourselves in your works and deeds, tirelessly seeking knowledge, so that you will not be deceived. The work of the antichrist is in your midst through the constant attacks to which my Son's people are led to kill the innocent. The antichrist does not love man, despises everything that means God to him, and is determined to defeat my Son's Church in order to establish himself as Lord and ruler of what belongs to my beloved. People of my Son, I need your prayers so that the way of my Son may be endured in this continuous process of teaching to which souls are brought, so that they may perfect themselves gradually. Beloved children, you must take the word - my Son's and mine - to your brothers and sisters, so that they will open their eyes and not be fooled by every word they hear. Prayer is essential, but deeds and works speak more than a thousand words, and that is what is needed, a testimony. Everyone must be aware, everyone must know that with their deeds they are contributing to the spread of good or evil throughout the world. The first places go to those who are strong, resolute and firm, because faith must be solid, lest it fall; your faith must be an impetus to your brothers and sisters, so that they do not stand still, for then the crucible will lead them to suffer more than they deserve. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, humanity will suffer to the point of nausea, looking with horror and trepidation at the evil that man carries within himself. But do not grieve, this Mother will never abandon you, at any time. I love you and bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 22 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I love you, I carry you all in my Motherly Heart like the precious jewels that my Son gave me from His Cross of Glory and Majesty. I see how you walk, how you act, how you work, how you desire God's Love, and at the same time I see how you go the wrong way, how you deviate from the true path and take shortcuts in mundane matters, but these shortcuts distance you from my Son and from me. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my hands remain open to take you all in my hands and - as an Advocate before my Son - guide you to the truth of the word of my Son, guide you to the Will of God so that you submit to it. At this moment, man walks with grief, overwhelmed and abandoned because of his free will. God's Will is for all His children to be saved, but you are living contrary to God's Will, completely immersed in your free will, in modernized human debauchery. You let yourselves be carried away by appearances that are not good, although their guise may seem good, but you cannot search in the dark to distinguish between good and evil, you cannot tell the difference, because you live within a line of thought that is favorable to evil, within a worldly line of thought that understands evil as good. This, my children, is not the Divine Will, this is the doom of man. This is the work of evil, which rules over those who do not obey and do not seek to know the Divine Word in order to go deeper into a stronger relationship with my Son and with me. The capriciousness with which man walks at this time makes him spiritually mediocre. Even those who are scholars, even theologians or experts in Scripture, keep their titles in order to stand out before their brethren, but overlook their spiritual relationship with my Son and with me. The world is guided by titles, documents, politics and money, but entry into the mystery of my Son's love cannot be bought, it must be earned. And those who want to earn this relationship with my Son and with me must learn to 'take up their cross' and be experts in love. Fanatics are many, and this is not what makes or distinguishes a true Christian; it is the testimony of love on which every moment of his life stands - a solid, strong and powerful foundation on which he interacts with his brothers, because in order to be experts in becoming images of my Son, they must first be experts in love, 'and all this will be given to you.' So many of my children say they preach the holy word, but their hearts are empty of true love for their neighbors! So many of them show their titles, but their hearts are empty of love for their neighbors! So many who do not have titles have all the love of my Son to share with their neighbors and bear witness to the true deeds and works of Christians! Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must remain steadfast, but in order to do so you must have the knowledge to love the One you know, and the way will be easier; not because knowledge will remove every momentary Cross, but because knowledge will allow you to understand that in order to be true children of my Son - in every moment of your life and in this Cross that accompanies you - you must find the true meaning of being children of my Son. These are difficult times for humanity; difficult because the enemy of man is constantly throwing himself at humanity in search of the minimum moment to make you stumble and fall. Confusion is more widespread. I see that my children are confused. I see my children terrified. I see that my children are suffering; and this is because people have stopped loving each other as children of the same Father because of the violence that every human creature produces, working and acting under the rule of free will. This violence undermines human hearts and turns people into rocks completely devoid of feelings, without the slightest fear of my Son, without the slightest remorse. Therefore, the enemy of souls rejoices when he sees people attacking their brothers and forcing them to commit the most cruel and ruthless crimes. My children, repent! Repent! The moment ceases to be a moment before the upheaval of the earth, which will again cause the earth's axis to shift. The moment is shortened by God's Will, but as it is shortened, the much heralded great tribulation - in its highest expression - is approaching mankind. The children of my Son will suffer the greatest persecution ever devised, indescribable, during which the enemies of my Son's Church will take pleasure in the suffering of my children and rejoice in the blood shed by my children. Children of my Immaculate Heart, I must address you with the truth, so that you do not waste this moment, so that you prepare yourselves spiritually and unite yourselves with my Son, and this union will become a synthesis, and this synthesis will keep you in the kind of faith that will allow you to survive all the tribulation, abiding. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, nature does not cease to flog mankind, that mankind which looks upon it with great indifference. The earth continues to crack, the earth continues to shake. Pray, my children, pray for your brothers and sisters in Chile. Pray, my children, pray for your brothers in the United States and in Mexico. Pray, my children, pray hard for Italy. And in this revolt of nature, I urge you to pray for Ecuador; it will suffer because of the volcanoes. My children, pray for Indonesia; its colossus will awaken. Pray, my beloved ones; from one moment to the next there will be a great storm that will make my children tremble. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, man throws himself against man, and in doing so, he inflicts deep and deadly wounds that awaken his brothers, so that from country to country they will rise up against each other. You are waiting for the declaration of the Third World War, and it has already begun. My children, what are you waiting for to become alarmed when the pain of humanity will come inexorably and run with the wind, causing mortal wounds on the skin of my children, destroying nature and polluting water, leaving everything indifferent? The sun will be darkened and all mankind will have to live in darkness due to man's misuse of science. Beloved children, I have called on you insistently, but I have not been heard, my motherhood is ignored, and my calls are set aside.... My Son's Church will be severely wounded.... the persecutors of my Son's love will not cease in their zeal to make love disappear from the face of the earth, because as the followers of Satan, they have persistently caused man to become hostile and violent towards the same man, causing the mind to become cloudy, thoughts to become blurred and reason to become oppressed, so that human beings will no longer think, will no longer reason and will follow like automatons after the one who will come to rule mankind, claiming to be the Savior of mankind. At this moment, the antichrist is moving the minds of the great politicians of the earth so that they will carry out his plans to the letter. You, my children, wake up! Be obedient, draw near to my Son, He is in the Tabernacle waiting for you to come to Him. He is in each of you, just look within yourselves and repent - yes, you must repent - ask my Son for forgiveness and ask the Holy Spirit to guide you in discernment. As Mother of Humanity, I offer you my Immaculate Heart, I offer you my refuge and my intercession, I offer you these calls of mine, so that you will not lose eternal life. Listen to me, my children, do not be deaf to my petitions that I raise to each of you, for I desire to touch your hearts so that you may feel, so that you may perceive and live the love of this Mother for each of you. With my tears, I will transform a Heart of stone into a Heart of flesh, I will make the tortured mind find freedom, and I will guide reason - marred by mundane things, by greed, by ignorance and indifference - to find the light of my Son. My beloved ones, come to this Mother, come to me! My children, you know well that terrorism hurls itself at humanity.... my children, you know well that these are moments of great tribulation.... but you know well, my children, that this Mother has never left you and will never leave you.... come to me! I am your Mother. I am waiting for you to take you to my Son and protect you at every moment from what may come. As Mother, I come to help you, and therefore I bless in a special way all those who at this moment are reading my Word, my call, those who are struggling to overcome their free will and strive for true freedom and true happiness, which is the Will of my Son. I bless in a special way those of you who sincerely listen to me, I place my mantle over each of you, so that your thoughts will be directed away from evil and focused on connecting with God's Will. Come to me, my children. I bless you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 28 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Heart remains open to intercede for all of God's people. I abide in constant intercession before the Holy Trinity. I do not want my children to be lost. God the Father has given me the command not to abandon you. My constant revelations throughout the world are a call to conversion, because most human creatures do not want to know hardship, penance, sacrifice or love of neighbor; they only want an easy life without effort. I have asked you to obey my Son; I call you again and again to move toward union with the Holy Trinity, and I accept the refusal to my Son and to me. I have not rested, and I will not rest in my efforts to bring you closer to our Sacred Hearts, even though people in the vast majority are moving away from the Holy Trinity to cling to mundane matters, giving in to the meanness that the devil is instilling - and will instill ever more strongly - in the minds of people because of their great spiritual weakness. You will not get on the right path and become better unless you approach my Son and decide to make a radical change. I give myself to my children, I do not abandon them, but guide them, because I see weak faith, and the responsibility does not fall entirely on the mystical body of my Son. Some of the depositaries of the ministerial priesthood have not instilled in my Son's people the responsibility of knowing the Word of God, nor have they warned their communities of the power and dominion of evil over those who embrace false ideologies that tell them to separate themselves from my Son for disobeying God's Law and giving themselves over to evil. The people of my Son are moving away from my call, and are being invited to enter and engage in modernism, which leads mankind to the abyss of perdition when they embrace anything that contradicts the call of my Son and the Law of God. The moment has come when man does not and will not accept God's truths. Man will eliminate them from his mind and tell reason that free will is the solution to all problems, and in doing so, he will grow a Heart of Stone, impenetrable, where the Law of Love is and will be unacceptable to man. The fear caused by the specter of terrorism will intensify. They will continue to destroy people's peace of mind for no reason. Life is not and will not be respected; on the contrary, they will take pleasure in bringing suffering to mankind with innocent victims. The mass media will provide terrorism with popularity through words and press reports that will increase the eagerness of some people to support those they mistakenly consider heroes in a society that does not know which way to go. Great nations look beyond their borders for what they have in their own territories. The hardness of the human Heart will become so great that the blood will intensify the thirst of all those who remain aloof from my Son, engaged in ideologies contrary to the Word of God. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, man's disobedience is driving humanity toward this suffering. I have warned you and I warn you about the confrontation between great nations, where sophisticated weapons continue to cause pain on a larger scale; one act of carelessness will turn allies into enemies in an instant. Wake up, my children! The arms of evil work swiftly, Satan does not rest, and my children remain asleep.... Wake up, favorite children of my Heart! Wake up the people of my Son! Warn them of the moment they are living in and of the coming events I have announced. Do not reject my requests, do not allow the sheepfold of my Son to be destroyed by ignorance. Remember that good intentions must come to fruition in order to bear fruit. Do not be idle in the face of the progress of evil that does not give peace. Beloved children, pray for your brothers and sisters who are suffering, though they are innocent. Beloved children, pray for Brazil; the lamentation is coming. Beloved children, pray for the United States; they will suffer because of man and nature. Beloved children, you will suffer from the constant shaking of the earth. The earth will shake where it has not shaken before; where the ground was hard, it will open; where volcanoes have stopped roaring, they will roar again with great force. Pray for Peru; it will be shaken and my children will suffer. Pray for Mexico; my children will experience an earthquake causing those who are mine to lament, and water will flog them. Beloved children, do not deny what strikes you in the eyes. Humanity is at war, and it will become more and more intense as confrontations intensify for various reasons. The devil is raising his arms, which are the tentacles of the antichrist; he is waving them against humanity, spreading his malicious legions to get at all those who do not have faith, all those who do not want to return to my Son, all those who out of free will or acquiesced ignorance delight in evil. Return immediately and correct the offenses committed against my Son. Do not disregard the calls to meet and reconcile with my Son. Pray and act in favor of your brothers and sisters. Be a witness to the word of my Son and mine, do not be of those who live with folded hands watching evil grow, failing to warn my children of what is coming so that they may awaken. Come properly prepared to receive my Son in the Eucharist, repenting for the evil you have done and for the good you have overlooked. Permanently live the Mass, not only in the temple, but in every act and work of your life. Know the Word of God, you will not be able to love someone you do not know. My children are superficial in their knowledge of my Son, and because of their lack of knowledge they easily fall prey to evil. Just as communism captures nations, evil - which goes hand in hand with it - destroys the freedom of God's children. Humbly delve into the Scriptures, so that the Holy Spirit may enlighten you and that you may walk in safety. The Holy Scriptures are fulfilled before the indifference of mankind, so you are unaware of this and deny it. The Holy Word was not written for the past; God's Word has no end. Be alert, lest He find you sleeping. The pride of mankind has grown to the point that you deny what your eyes see. People love themselves, they love money more than my Son, and for money they have become enemies among themselves, they are disloyal because of their god of money, man is pride and rejects my motherly love. Children, wake up! Do not be like those who think they know everything I am announcing to you, and yet are unable to obey because of their lack of knowledge of all that I have revealed to you with my Son. Children of my Immaculate Heart, tragedy will make humanity tremble, but those who are far away will watch and forget until the pain comes to them. My beloved ones, pain does not last forever. The heart of man will be softened by the suffering to which man has submitted of his own accord. My angelic legions remain over the people of My Son; evil will never overcome good, and man will not be able to destroy the earth that the Eternal Father created with His Divine love. Therefore, those who are faithful will bear witness to Divine Love for His children. Do not forget that Divine Care remains with you. Help will come for the body and for the spirit. You will not be left without care, you will still be 'under the shadow of the Almighty' at all times; mainly this is what enrages Satan, the faith of my Son's people. The Word of God will resound in you; the Word of God will continue to be preached. From on high will come help for my children, shelter for my children and comfort for my children.... and evil will not be able to drive it away from you, because Divine Love will remain with its people, through whom, by Divine Will, will come consolation for God's children. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you will be amazed at the degree of wickedness that prevails in people without God, but I, as the Ark of Salvation, remain vigilant to save you for my Son, so that you will not perish in the eternal abyss. Do not disregard my calls. I look upon you and rush to warn you. I bless you and love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 01 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, given that my Love does not allow me to fall asleep for each of you, I continue to beg for reciprocity in my children, but I do not find reciprocity or mutuality in the relationship.... in every human creature I look for a little love for Me, so that I can overflow and unite My children, uniting them as one in My Heart, to heal the wounds and free the captives, keeping them in the unity of My Love. My people, those who do not know Me are the ones I seek tirelessly, even if they close the door before Me - not only the door to the Heart, but also the door to the human will - even though they have been chosen, and as My chosen ones, I have carved a path in each of them so that they can find the home of Our Trinity; these are the children I am waiting for at every moment, including this last moment. Seek me, children! Look for me! I know that you are not all the same, but there is one and only one way that leads to me, 'the gate is narrow and the way is difficult,' the way that is traveled by the meek and humble of heart; not the way of those who personify me and trample those who are humble and simple, those to whom I give myself to teach mankind that I am God, and I choose those who give themselves to me like little children so that I may teach them and that they may know me as I am. Man is so complicated! He looks for the smallest difference to cause conflict between My children, although I give Myself completely to mine at every moment. My beloved people, do not want to personalize Me or keep Me in human time. I am eternally present; I remain in everyone in a special way; I deal with souls in My eternal present. My beloveds, in the search for perfection, mankind has fallen into the greatest imperfection of all instances, pride, when man deprives himself of Me and removes Me from his existence. I have foretold it before, the time will come when man will disown me, allowing the forces of evil, led by Satan, to infiltrate my children, to penetrate their senses, drawing them away from me, and through reason causing them to withdraw from the goal of finding me, causing them to ignore me and unknowingly place themselves at the service of spreading evil throughout mankind. Evil has no eyes, but sees everything.... Evil has no words, but speaks to man, reaches into the Heart and speaks to him.... Evil has no legs and hands, but uses human ones to do wickedness and drive human beings to despair. My beloved people, wake up! You seem to fear evil, but you cannot avoid it if you do not know Me! You cannot love me if you do not know me. You can't think about me if you don't delve into me and take me, so that the longing to know me will penetrate you and you will achieve Salvation. Man cannot attain eternal life on his own; I can save you if your human will is open and ready for it. Mankind, man must be aware that he has a great enemy who constantly seeks to make him fall and to draw him away from Me by all means and in all aspects of daily life. Therefore, you must know me so that you can recognize me. It is not the lack of Divine Love for our children that prompts so many human creatures to give themselves into the hands of the devil and serve him; on the contrary, it is man's pride that betrays him, because due to the spiritual ignorance with which he perceives everything around him, he does not recognize the deception to which he has been led. My people, I urge you not to lose your soul, to wake up! The thing is, I am calling you, and you do not know the depth of what it means to awaken. Because of your lack of personal interest in learning about the human organism - material and spiritual - you do not know what the soul is for a person. You hear about the soul, and you don't know what the soul is; you hear, only hear about everything, without believing, and because you don't have enough faith, you live, without thinking about the moment when you will be called before me. Children, if I were to give you even for a moment a foretaste of what a soul experiences in the state of Grace, I would give you ahead of time a foretaste of Heaven, where I fully reside. Every soul has the price of My Blood written on it; that is why I call you, and I do not want you to be lost by corrupting your soul with the mire of sin. I speak of the soul and of sin, while for the vast majority of humanity, sin is daily bread, and this leads me to suffer constantly. How can those who call themselves scholars insinuate that I am not suffering at this moment, when my passion lives in constant ongoing action for one soul? Nourish your soul, pray, adore me in the Eucharist, pray to my Mother, don't neglect a moment, not even one moment; a moment is worth eternal life. My favorite children have to instruct my mindless people who say they are saved before they cleanse themselves of all the evil deeds they have committed. They don't recognize the error in which they live, they don't recognize that they don't own their lives, they don't recognize that they are limited, so because of so much pride, man will purify himself. I stand before each of you. Through the demonstration of repentance and the firm goal of improvement, so as not to fall into the same sin again, and the continuous goal of improvement, so as not to offend me, overthrowing the selfishness of the human ego, I embrace you and guide you with my Mercy, which is infinite; I am not a God who constantly accuses you or judges you.... yes, I am God. I see the deeds and works of those who are Mine, I wait for those who are lost to return to Me, and I encourage those who do not stray from Me. As God, I do not reject those who repent, but I do not accept sin, I do not even look upon it with indifference; for this reason the law was given to you, otherwise My Father would not have given it to be fulfilled. My children cry out to me when they feel barrenness; they overlook that this is a great sign of a thriving walk. Therefore, in the midst of barrenness, pray, exercise action and work in my Love and my Will, and in this way the soul will turn in the infinity of my Mercy, and creation will find its nothingness, so that I will be everything in it. Beloved of My people, how mighty the world powers appear when they have military might to their credit! And the greater the weapons, the greater the power!.... How powerful people feel when they have weapons! How powerful they feel in front of the hungry, those who have joined the god of money, not thinking that it would only take one moment for me to turn that power to nothing! Children, I allow you to last until each of them returns to me. The devil has stopped lurking, taken man and transformed him into a being locked in the prison of ignorance and detachment from everything that my love stands for. I want everyone who reads or hears this Word of Mine to ponder and realize that they cannot allow themselves to be lost. My beloved people, are you suffering? You will suffer more... Fire will fall on the earth and you will regret that you did not move away from Me. I know this frightens you. What about sin? Does sin scare you? And insulting me? Doesn't that scare you? Even death in a state of sin doesn't scare you? My people have not been instructed in the way I have indicated in writing, so that my people may know that sin is called sin and sin is evil, that evil is evil, and whoever lives in evil without repentance will die in evil. Do not live in capriciousness or liberalism, this leads to perdition, when a person falls into these states and because of confusion, the conscience is stopped and forgets My precepts, forgets My Love, and then, giving himself over to the devil, follows steps contrary to My House. How free man is when he walks in My freedom! My beloved people, war intensifies, the pain of terror expands; it is carried in silence, and then the pain is heard with great echoes; evil takes pleasure in it. The allied nations will betray each other and there will be division; then it will be a shocking fire that will revive living beings in the face of great confusion. Pray, my children, pray for Russia. Pray, my children; mutually, the nations will give each other great suffering. Pray, my children, ask my Mother for her intercession when the earth will shake; Norway will cry. My beloved people, man is not in control, which makes creation react and lament, calling out to man to be part of the divine order. Children, you mutilate yourselves in spirit when you give in to evil and give it power over you; you don't feel it, you don't see it, because mundanity is integrated as part of your life in the vast majority of my children. You suffer by your own hand, and because you do not remember me, do not forget that 'I am the Lord your God' and I remain with my people, the people who await me at my second coming. I bless you, I love you; do not forget my Love for each of my human creatures. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 04 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my people, you suffer along with my suffering, without losing faith in me or in the word that my Mother gives you, to herald to you the dangers lurking ahead and to be attentive to our Divine Word. Children, at this time I bless you all, especially those who strive to be humble and in their struggle tame the human ego, tame the human ego that causes pride, discontent, arrogance and disobedience in people. My children must open their hearts to my Holy Spirit to lead them 'to a land flowing with milk and honey.' This land is within each of you, and in this land you will find the gifts with which I adorn those who are faithful to me, those who repent, those who are humble and, like little children, submit to me when they do not understand, when they do not see, because they know that those who walk hand in hand with me will discover the delights of my House and find the road more bearable, for faith, hope and love are a safe column. They know that, raised in my Love, they will dwell in my House. I possess my tools, through which I have allowed my people to remain willing to change their lives, so that they will not be of those who will follow the antichrist, who will be a wolf in sheep's clothing, a beast that will confound even my own children, if they are not well disposed to humble themselves in my Word, if they are not well disposed to my Omnipotence.... The elites who hold power over the world were created by the antichrist. These elites are the one and only power that has been given the prerogative of deciding the directives issued to mankind, causing pain to my children, especially because of the domination of this elite over the nations that are used for its convenience. Beloved children, you must receive me in the Eucharist, you must pray and ponder all that I announce, do not wait any longer. Be attentive to those movements that are not revealed before humanity, those that are written in small letters by those who do not want my people to wake up. Right now, so many of your brothers are suffering from war, from religious persecution, ingratitude, torture and starvation! And those who have everything are focused on themselves, not thinking of their neighbors. Ah! Famine will come and there will be no distinction between social classes because of man-made contamination through nuclear energy, the fierce scourge of mankind. Man suffers at his own hand, and my children blame me for the fact that the same man rebels without listening to my requests. Children, do not expect the disturbances to cease, they will grow, not diminish. I have spoken to you through various means, so that you understand that when a person rebels against Me, he produces a fissure in his soul that not only absorbs the violence spread by demons throughout the world, but leads him to madness; as a result of this, he pushes you to rebel against My Holy Spirit, a rebellion that calls you to act against My Will and to live your own life, which becomes harsh and difficult by trying to impose on everyone the way of thinking and ideologies that have penetrated creation. Man is fertile soil or barren ground depending on his free will; my Word reaches you all equally, so that you decide to act and work righteously. This moment is the one that I foretold and that my Mother warned you about, revealing to you all that was necessary to avoid what this generation will have to face. Man has been deaf to Our Will and has therefore suffered more than he should. As the effects of a world war intensify and because of advances in science - especially in nuclear weapons - the suffering of mankind will be greater than in previous wars. Man is disobedient, without thinking about the consequences of the act. Our Holy Trinity warns.... my Mother warns... and man does not believe.... does not believe until the pain makes him fall to his knees, asking for our help. Because of man's indifference to me, he will have to face his own mistakes and examine himself through God's mercy to save souls. Those who are close to Me and My Mother must be the most humble, not the pride that judges its brothers. And a person must be on guard against these conceits, because when, out of pride, one moves away from the place where he serves me, he takes his brothers by the hand to cause cracks in my works and take some brothers with him to hide his mistakes. My people, who are constantly under attack, must remain vigilant against attacks on my mystical body and attentive, for they cannot serve two masters. My people must remain vigilant against the countless attacks that my mystical body is suffering and will suffer through persecution and threats for loving me. My people, my Church is under attack and not only spiritually. You know that at this time, as the demons prepare the reign of the antichrist, the diversity of ideas will lead to serious internal discussion within the bosom of my Church. Raging modernism will cause great suffering to all mankind and, taking advantage of the moment of unrest and confusion, will penetrate the Hearts of great nations with great force. Pray, my children, pray for England, which will suddenly suffer at the hands of humanity. Pray, my children, pray for Venezuela. The suffering of my children is accelerating. Pray for Argentina; she will live with pain, she will suffer in her Heart. Pray for Italy; they will suffer through the earth what they will later suffer at the hands of men. My beloved people, these moments are not for you to falter; expand your knowledge and know Me truly, so that you will not deny My Word. My beloved people, I am guiding you before My Second Coming. My people, suffer with My sufferings, without losing faith in Me or in the Word that My Mother reveals to you, which foretells the dangers lurking in ambush, and if you are faithful, the reward will be greater. Evil has sent its demons to foresee in man a terrain in which the antichrist will be able to easily penetrate under the eyes of creatures who distance themselves from me and from my Mother. Pray the Holy Rosary diligently, in union with my Mother, meditating on each mystery; join me in the Eucharist and adore me in the sanctuary. Do not disregard my Word. Do not forget that 'no one can serve two masters'. This is the moment when you must be strong and not be discouraged by the variety of obstacles that my children must face. Unrest will not diminish, but intensify; nature tries to find reciprocity in man with My Will, and when it does not find that reciprocity, nature lashing out at man and condemning him to suffering. Beloved of My people, at My Second Coming I will come 'on the clouds of heaven' and every person will know of Me. Those who expect me will rejoice, and those who are steeped in vice and in darkness caused by ignorance will not expect me and will tremble when I surprise them; they will tremble at the sound of the waters of the sea, at the creation that is preparing to welcome me after fulfilling the function for which it was created. The heavens will open before my majesty and the whole world will be illuminated by my own light. All my children, those who believe in me and those who do not believe in me, will see me. They will see me strong as lightning that shines so that the blind will see me. My second coming will not be in secret, I will announce it simultaneously, at the same moment, to the whole world, so that all that has been created will know that 'I am who I am' and before me 'every knee will bend'. My people, do not depart from Me, 'come to Me, all you who are afflicted,' the sick, the hungry, the despised. Come to me, I am waiting for you. Do not forget that My help will come before My second coming. I will send him from My House to comfort you on earth during the bloody persecutions and strong plagues that will afflict mankind. I shield you, you are my people, the pupil of my eye, you are the ones who, like a hidden treasure, will live and enjoy my heavenly goods. I love you, I bless you, I shelter you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 08 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, once again I come to you as an echo of the word of my Son to draw you towards the Will of God. Be faithful disciples of my Son and missionaries of my Love for all humanity. I desire to find in you a reciprocity to my Son's love for His people. When you are aware of this call, you must fight against the human ego and against all that the world presents to you, so that you fall. You must grow and triumph united with Me; I intercede for you so that you can overcome all adversity at any time. The devil does not tempt you and then go away; he insists and insists forcefully, again and again, until he weakens you. Therefore, you must remain vigilant, with your physical and spiritual senses awakened, united with Heaven, not looking at mundane things, so that you can fend off temptations and persevere, and thus triumph. Beloved children, you are living in a godless world that will become worse and worse amid all the sins to which man has consented. These are and will be difficult times for the people of my Son. In order for you to remain in a state of grace, you must redouble your efforts in fulfilling the Commandments, sacraments, works of mercy and prayers; and do not forget to practice what I mentioned earlier, that is, love for the brethren without weakening faith, hope and charity. I see so much poverty in the world, and I see you; although you are materially poor, you abound in faith and therefore have more than all your brothers. For my Son, faith is balm, frankincense, gold, myrrh; it is the greatest thing that man can offer him in this urgent moment when the wheat will be separated from the weeds. I, the Mother of God the Son, address you through my faithful daughter, guide you and give myself to you all. Each of my instruments has a mission that has been entrusted to him in order to remain faithful in it and fulfill it together with his brothers. Each mission is important for the fulfillment of God's Will, no tool of mine knows everything and no tool knows everything about his brothers, each tool knows what concerns the development of events that hang over humanity. God the Father does not deposit all of His word and all of His help for mankind in one of His creations. This has never been the case in the past, and it will not be the case at this moment, when the freedom of the beast that wanders the world pours out all its malignant power on my children to bring them to their downfall. Children, the beast does not persecute those who have declared themselves enemies of my Son, nor those who pretend to be Christians but are not. The beast persecutes my children who struggle to stay on the right path. Beloved, it is my Word that reaches all my children, and my faithful instrument must convey what I, as Mother, want you to know. I do not come for a small number of souls, I come so that all the inhabitants of the world may know the Will of God. Some people know my Son better because they have penetrated the Word of God with great zeal, but this does not make them better than their brothers. Each person has a gift that makes him or her special in some special area of life, and all of them together, united, constitute the people of my Son. My beloved children, you must be clear about the great importance of this moment for all mankind. All evil has come to pervert my children, to steal the souls of my Son; but this Mother of Humanity will not allow those who cry out for my help to perish; at the same time, I am waiting for those who do not yet call me Mother. My children, you who are still growing spiritually, know that my Son was mocked and that you will be too. They will tell you that you are extremists and that this is not My Word; they will call you crazy for not living in lust, as a large part of humanity does. But do not lose heart and do not lose strength; remember that you are not alone and that you are struggling to be better not only for yourselves, but also for your brothers. At all times, my exhortations are addressed to all mankind, not to a small number of creatures, and do not exalt those who remain close to the instrument, as they must be the most humble. It is true that my Son prepared a small number of disciples, but they were quick to share the same word received from my Son, not to distort the word of my Son, not to possess what belongs to all mankind. The disciples of my Son are in communion with all the spiritually needy. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, as the Mother of all humanity, I warn you to be prepared for war, because war will escalate even further until it pollutes everything in its path. I do this out of maternal love and because it is the will of my Son that all be saved and have knowledge of all that is happening around humanity at this time throughout the world. Some of my children deny my Word; they claim that the war has not started because their concept of war requires that most countries be attacked with weapons of war; they ignore the fact that terrorism, famine, mass migrations of my children to other countries in search of safety are all part of the war. Aren't all these things part of the war that has already begun? The war will intensify, my children, and the pain and persecution of all evil against all good will take place, but justice will not be defeated; evil will be defeated and will be bound and in chains, and the people of my Son will be free, truly free. Beloved children, science was a great help to man until an epidemic of ambition infiltrated one man, and this human being spread to his brother scientists with the same ambition. Since then, the good of every branch of science has gone in the wrong direction, and some scientists have become corrupted and produced contamination everywhere and in every possible way in order to contaminate my children and make them fall into passive addictions that are chewing through the minds, thoughts and hearts of my children every moment, who are becoming so hardened that they see everything with contaminated eyes. Children, it is necessary for you to begin to move toward conversion, to sensitize your Hearts, to see my Son in your brothers and to put an end to the violence within you, so that the peace of my Son will last in your Hearts forever. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this generation will suffer to the point of boredom because of their disobedience and pride towards my Son. I desire Salvation for all my children, and for this reason I keep my angelic legions with you, otherwise you would be in unfavorable circumstances, plunged into constant sin. Remain vigilant and attentive, communism seems to be submissive.... What does a predatory animal do when it is on the hunt? It waits, it waits patiently until it has its prey defenseless and helpless, and then it gets it. Therefore, make sure you are not caught sleeping. Wake up, my children! Good will triumph, but before that happens, the crucible will come to my Son's Church to be purified, from the hierarchy to the mystical body of my Son. I am not talking about making you afraid, but to ask yourself, where are you? What steps are you taking.... What word do you speak? How are you fighting against evil? Are you moving forward every moment, or are you defeated by evil?.... Children, overcome evil, man must live in righteousness and be love to his brothers. Beloved children, pray for my children who will die in the great cities of the world because of terrorism. Beloved children, pray for the United States; it will suffer greatly at the hands of your brothers and the nature that comes with force. Beloved children, pray for Nicaragua; the earth will be shaken. Beloved children, pray for Italy; the hand of the enemy will lead it to suffer, and nature will strike it in various parts. Beloved people of my Son, as children of my Son, news will shake you. Man-made war is raging. Do not waver. I protect all, I warn all, I give Myself for and to all. Be aware and respond to my call through obedience, humility and perseverance. Do not forget that I carry you in my Immaculate Heart. My Son is not sluggish; He seeks Salvation for all His children. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, on this day when you are dedicating a great feast to me, I, the Mother of all people and Queen of Heaven, promise those of you who, truly repentant and with a firm intention to change, promise to take the right path to Salvation of the soul and thus attain eternal life, I promise, that in the bloodiest moments of the Great Tribulation I will take you by the hand and place you in the hands of my messengers - your fellow travelers, your guardian angels - to strengthen you and free you from the clutches of Satan to the extent that you continue to obey and follow the Law of God. People of my Son, no matter how difficult the moments may be, this Mother will not abandon you, my maternal care remains with each of my children. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 11 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved ones, join my Will; in it you will find the balm necessary at times when the burden becomes heavy or when discouragement tries to discourage you, so that you stop and go no further at my side. In My Will you will find the sweet delight of fulfilled duty out of God's love, which surpasses all other forms of love. My Love makes possible what is impossible for man when he wants to act alone. Children, the moments that you find in My Word, in the Holy Scriptures, and later explained and clarified to My instruments, and that My Mother has repeated throughout the earth, are approaching this generation with greater force. The moment has come when the act of sinning appears before my children with great satisfaction, because it is seen and accepted as inseparable from man's deeds and works. This deed of man is followed by pain and sorrow, some find a way to correct the sin and reconcile with Me; others wait until it is too late, not because My Mercy does not wait until the last moment, but because they refuse to repent. Routine makes a person see his works and deeds as something good.... routine makes you stagnant and prevents you from moving forward, because routine becomes habit, and habit leads a person to act mechanically, anesthetizing the thought process, which becomes idle due to lack of use.... in the face of routine, the mind becomes accustomed to repeating the same actions and thus becomes useless and chained, not needing to fly or innovate, not needing to look for anything outside its immediate environment.... Gradually, routine immobilizes the heart. When a being acts mechanically, the heart gradually becomes stone when it is not powered by knowledge. Beloved children, humanity must wash away the dust that it carries with it; this dust increases until you despise life and violence drives you to act against yourself. You cannot wash away the dust without me; therefore, human pride plunges you into the ignorance of those who, with eyes on the promised land, refuse to enter it. Ignorance is brought to this generation by Satan, the father of lies, in order to render souls useless and thus prevent them from approaching me. So many call themselves my chosen ones, my tools...! And their goal is to take advantage of the ignorance of my children, who begin to consider these so-called tools as their God, because they lead my children to see themselves as better than their brothers. My children, for me the better one is the one who is humble, the one who knows that he will never finish learning, the one who does not limit my actions and deeds. My children, at this decisive moment you must go to My Word, approach the Holy Scriptures and search them, so that you do not fall prey to wolves in sheep's clothing because of the ignorance of those who say they love Me, but do not know Me. Sin is food for Satan, and each of you is obligated to know this so that you do not contribute to the work that the antichrist intends to carry out. For this reason, the persecution against My people will increase over time. My temples will be closed by the very ones who have accepted my Church out of love, and the goal is to eliminate our meeting, my Eucharistic spiritual gentleness for souls. My children do not grow; they make themselves useless, remaining attached to prayers that are not bad, but have been transformed into routine mechanisms and have neither love, reflection, submission nor meditation in them. In this state, prayer does not bear fruit. My Church has not been instructed in the practice of My Word, it has been taught to repeat words, to repeat without feeling and without knowledge. That is why at this time it is so easy for a person to walk away from Me and adopt ideologies contrary to what is truly My Love. Most of the homes where future priests and members of religious orders study have become homes of hustle and noise, where prayer is no longer necessary, where being part of society has become a staple, and I am sidelined, my Mother has been sidelined so much that I feel offended. She is my Mother and she is the greatest Advocate that humanity has. You, my people, are greedy, you want to easily gain what others have gained through constant effort to be more and more mine than the world, to be close to me and my Mother. I call my children to unity, I call my instruments to unity, to mutual respect. I know well that some will not listen to this, and that others will despise it, but do not forget that 'from everyone to whom much has been given, much will be required.' My people are focused on the present state of their lives, on comfort, on the apparent peace in which your countries live, pushing aside my warnings.... you will regret it, because you had my warnings and my Mother's calls right before your eyes, and you despised them, saying: 'this is far from reality'. When you see mountains shaking and plains cracking, when winds destroy villages in places where this has never happened before, when the earth shakes where it has never shaken before, nature behaves in unusual ways all over the world, and animals have changed their behavior, rivers are razing villages where it never happened before, torrential rains are undermining the earth, dormant volcanoes are waking up, asteroids and comets are becoming more frequent, thunder and lightning contain more and more power given to them by the contamination with which man has made nature react in an uncontrollable way. People do not see the reality around them when they ignore my calls and my mandates, when they push me away and ignore my Mother, despising her messages and even mocking her to minimize the fact that she is addressing my instruments. My beloved ones, it is very difficult for those who do not come to me and do not accept me to meet with me, much less to fulfill my Will. Open yourselves to my revelation, take it seriously and remember that these are difficult times for my people. If my people refuse to listen to me, evil will not stop its attacks. My words and those of my Mother will not cease, but you fall into the snare of evil and dismiss my calls as unimportant, until you find yourselves completely plunged into chaos. Pray, beloved children, Iceland will suffer, and with Iceland a part of humanity will suffer. Pray, my children, the plague is here and will spread rapidly. Pray, my children, for Central America; it will be shaken. Pray, my children, for the United States; the hand of man will make it suffer and nature will flog it. Pray for Spain and Italy; they will lament. My people, nature is flogging humanity. Violence increases as the moment passes in apparent calm, and the mighty of the earth direct their efforts to expand the war. Unite, pray, aware that prayer, recognized as such, is a strength for my children and is heard by me when it is born in the depths of human hearts. Come to me and to my Mother, do not despise her, she is Love and leads you to the triumph of her Immaculate Heart. My children, I bless you, do not be afraid, my people are protected, you are the pupil of my eye. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 15 2015 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of my people, you are my people, to whom my Father has sent me.... you are my people, the one I love and to whom I have given my Mother.... I am still the King and the beggar at the same time. My Love makes me search for souls; I desire that 'all be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth.' In this way, My people, cleansed of all wickedness and foolishness, will be a light in the midst of the darkness of the world. My children, I have called you so strongly!.... And at this time even more vehemently, because of the proximity of the coming events. The wise of this world are calling on my children not to obey me, not to believe me, and to go on through life without looking at the reality around them, very different from what humanity sees. Man bases his wisdom on what is far from true wisdom. My children must come out of the night in which they live and seek my light from the contemplation of my Love, only in this way will they find the truth. My children do not know themselves, and that is why they consider themselves incapable of rising towards me at this very moment, when the evil they do not see leads them constantly from one fall to another and does not allow them to see with the eyes of their souls what evil really is.... The devil is not an allegory, is not a story, is not a mythology. The devil is a reality that surrounds you, a reality whose purpose is to lead you to the eternal fire, where you will remain very far from me. Who dares to oppose me? Too many of my children oppose me.... precisely when I call on them to do soul-searching, to revise their inner selves, and to see clearly the spirit that is infiltrating humanity, seeking uniformity in denial of my Truth, my existence, my surrender, in order to make room for all that the antichrist has set as his goal to possess my children. Man is in blatant selfishness in the depths of selfishness, and man will only come out of there if he recognizes that of himself he is nothing, and humbly calls upon me to let my Holy Spirit be everything in man. Beloved people, where in the Scriptures has my Father overruled my explanations to my children concerning their lives, their deeds and works, at this moment when our Trinity is the eternal present and we will not leave our people without help? Children, do not be food for evil, because when a person works or acts against the Commandments and blessings, these works and actions lead to sin, and sin is food for the devil. Beloved children, the devil uses all the food provided by deeds and works contrary to God's Law to grow and degrade those who put themselves in the service of evil. Therefore, I constantly call upon you to come to me in the sacrament of reconciliation and receive me in the holy Eucharist, so that you do not contribute to the growth of evil. At creation, my Father established order. I have reclaimed this order for you, so that you may abide in it and not be strangers to the Will of God. At this moment, man immediately cuts off this Divine order and turns it into a whim in his hands. The gift of life is manipulated by man, and without conscience, without remorse, he cuts off the life of another brother, like a deluded object in the hands of the devil. Man has caused the divine order to collapse, causing everything to descend into great chaos, which in turn generates a self-purification of humanity so that the divine order can be restored. For this I am crossed again and again, my passion is in its current state; I do not distance myself from my children, on the contrary; otherwise, what kind of God would I be? I call upon my people to be conscious of all their deeds and works, so that everything is aimed at regaining God's order. You, beloved children - who pray and practice prayers, acting on behalf of your neighbors - you are the lights that I see and that make me constantly look in your direction. My Mother does not leave you and will not forsake you, she will protect you until her Immaculate Heart triumphs over evil and justice prevails throughout the earth. My children, you have led to the mutation of everything I have given you, and you have consented to deformation because you have surrendered to what is carnal and temporary; you do not want to grow in spirit, you despise knowledge because of your little longing for understanding.... beloved children, look high, do not despise signals, be attentive to Heaven.... that which will make humanity tremble is near. Do not sink further into the lethargy produced by those who are preparing a footstool for the antichrist; unite yourselves with Me, I am seeking the prodigal son, the lost sheep, the one who does not know Me so that he may know Me, the one who despises Me and then converts. I am true love. My beloved people, I call upon you to pray for the countries that will suffer from the water that will rise without precedent. My beloved people, I call upon you to pray for Italy, which will suffer, lament and weep. The hand of man seeks revenge. My Church in Rome will suffer a great upheaval. My beloved people, pray for Germany; they will be flogged. Take my path, where you will not be misled.... come to know me, so that you may gain the knowledge that will bring you closer to me, and so that you may find the strength to abide by me at times when I alone will keep you together in one flock, for I am the only shepherd of souls, King of kings and Lord of lords. My people, I come for you so that you are not lost, be one, there must not be a single gap in My people. My Love reigns among those who are Mine, and no wind shall overturn them. My Cross of Glory and Majesty shall triumph, crushing evil, and as for those who are Mine, 'I will be their God, and they shall be My people' Bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 20 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my hands have all the love that as Mother I offer to all of you in equal measure. My Son's faithful children and mine do not consider themselves defeated when they fall to the ground, but they immediately get up and with humility and contrition correct the mistakes committed against my Son. Beloved children, raise your thoughts to my Son, do not allow your misused free will to rule over you, leading you to a life of wickedness. You must enjoy your free will, which is grace, and you must use it to do good at all times, being messengers of my Son's and my love. Pray the Holy Rosary, offer it for your brothers and sisters, but also for yourselves, mainly so that you may be renewed internally in a spirit of generosity. Children, pass on to your brothers the fruits you receive from prayer and from putting your prayers into practice, seeing my Son in each of your brothers, living, working and acting as my Son commands. Do not forget that you have a human ego that tends to control you, leading you where most of your brothers are, away from the Will of God. Therefore, I call you to integrity, so that the good will weigh more, and you will remain thirsty for goodness and peace. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I call upon you to be attentive, walking in the knowledge of the immutable principles that my Son has handed down to you and to those whom he calls to his people; otherwise you will be weak, because those who do not know the Word of God risk believing what they have distorted, and thus become easy prey for those who want to control them. At this moment, evil is working mightily in a strong battle for souls, just before a greater persecution of my Son's faithful people to retreat in faith and deny God. The Antichrist is coming... The Antichrist is a beast who oozes evil from his pores and stirs up debauchery in mankind to cling to him.... The antichrist will make it easy for you to air any kind of expression contrary to the guidance and calls of my Son; he will allow anything man desires to prevail over mankind and swell its ranks.... the antichrist is acting and will continue to act in this way until the help that my Son will send to his people to counteract evil, violently calling upon my Son's people to once again take the true path, which alone will lead them to eternal life.... alliances will not lead to lasting peace; on the contrary, when peace is invoked, others will plan to defeat it. That is why there is great confusion among my children when they hear talk of peace, while at the same time my announcements warn them of disasters and war. Beloved, this is how evil works, stealthily, creating confusion.... such are its strategies. Children, relations between the world powers are not good, on the contrary, each of them has been able to make a show of weaponry, not only to be seen by others, but also to intimidate those who could eventually become enemies. My dear children, I have warned you so much about the events of this moment! Disobedience and lack of attention to my calls have outweighed everything else, and you continue to be disobedient and rebel against the Commandments. Disobedience comes from an act of rebellion, and rebellion comes from an act of pride; the separation of the creature from the Creator begins to lead to a weakening of faith, and when faith weakens, man is more caught up in the hard struggle between faith and unbelief. This is where you are headed, my children, when you stay away from God's Will. The crisis of faith deepens and man will find himself in a maze from which he will find no way out unless he decides that he needs the one who gave him life, God. Those who want to meet my Son must seek a moment alone with Him; in the turmoil, the creature will be confused and will not know which voice to follow; the creature will not distinguish between good and evil. Mankind renounces God's Law, renounces all authority, and there will come times when total debauchery will be experienced all over the earth - in broad daylight and in darkness - because of the rules that people without faith will impose. Children, doubts about faith are being increased by the allies and supporters of the antichrist, who is behind the alliances and divisions among the great nations. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the disease is manifesting itself to humanity and is not being taken seriously; humanity is exposing itself to the disease and giving it the strength to spread over most of the earth until it becomes a raging epidemic. I urged you to look to the sky to see the signs and remain attentive. Moments are approaching when mankind will be subjected to constant threats from outer space; these threats will be greater and will cause fear when comets or asteroids come closer, more than they should. Beloved children, remember that the waters of the sea will cause mankind to suffer great floods in several places on the planet; water rebels against man, just as man rebels against his God. Pray, beloved children, pray for Indonesia; its lament will grow. Pray, beloved children, pray for the United States; fear will not allow its people to be at peace. Their land will be vigorously shaken. Pray, beloved children, pray for France; it will again suffer at the hands of those who want revenge. My beloved ones, the earth foreshadows what awaits man; it is cracking in several countries to the surprise of scientists. Could this be the way in which souls fall into evil because of how little they know my Son? My children, humanity will tremble because of the grave act against the President; pray that the blood does not spill even more. Italy, do not sleep. Wake up! The siege is at your doorstep. This beloved land will suffer without delay. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, unite! Do not overthrow one another, be faithful disciples of my Son and continue to expound the Will of God throughout the earth, as the wind blows without ceasing. Beloved children, do not be afraid, am I not here, next to each of you, I who am the Mother of humanity? Come under my maternal mantle.... I will cover you and protect you, and you will rest, not giving up, remaining faithful, away from sin and with a firm resolve not to give up on my Son. Children, I am not frightening you, I am calling you to look at reality, so that you will not despise the calls from the Father's House. You are not alone, come to me, I intercede for each of you, even for the greatest sinner, if he repents and changes his ways. I am Mother, and as Mother I love you all. Do not forget my words. I bless you all. I love you all. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 24 2015 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I encourage you to live in holy peace the commemoration of the birth of my Son, Jesus. With His birth, I urge you to return to my Son, so that each of you may be soft clay in the infinitely holy hands of my Child Jesus, who with tenderness and deep love desires to take each human Heart in His hands and mold it until all roughness, all hardness, disappears.... My beloved ones, man is not accustomed to stopping to look at himself; he is not accustomed to be silent and penetrate his Heart in order to open up to himself and have the courage to change what is not right in his life and in the quality of his feelings and intentions towards his fellow human beings and towards my Son. Love is an indispensable ingredient for a true son of God; every person possesses this love, which he can multiply to infinity if he is humble and capable of accepting his neighbors as they are, putting aside pride. My children know well the doom that pride brings to the human creature. Pride is that evil from which all evil flows, with which man gravely offends My Son, because pride obscures reason and thinking, stopping the ability to awaken the consciousness of the physical and spiritual senses, so that the creature reacts and stops, rather than falling into sin. My beloved children, remember that you must not speak words against the Divine Spirit, this is the gravest offense, infinitely grave. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be possessors of the gentleness of angels, of unity with the Holy Trinity. At this moment, when you see my Jesus in the humble manger, contemplate yourselves until you realize the lack of humility in each of you and in what aspects of your life you suffer from this great lack, so that you may fill this need with the simplicity, humility and Divine Love of my Child Jesus. Approach the manger, but the personal manger, the one that is empty for lack of the gifts and virtues needed for witnessing, the one that is needed for you to attract your brothers and sisters. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, fight strenuously to keep love within you, so that your passage through life may be less violent. Beloved children, do not move away from humility, be aware of its lack in you and in humanity in general, abide in the word of my Son. A true Christian is obedient to all that my Son commands and is not guided by his own convenience; he clings to the Will of God, and this leads him to be more spiritual, even if it is necessary to leave pieces of the human ego along the way. The human ego is precisely what you should throw away and you should accept Divine love. The moment is pressing. Humanity hangs on to the misused free will that spreads throughout creation - a debauchery that makes man indifferent to the agreement with Divine Will that the creation maintains. Man has departed from this Divine action and work and has entered the stormy sea of darkness, exposing his soul to devils who are ready to capture souls who refuse to know my Son, who refuse to obey and enter the other sea, the sea of light and infinite grace, which is Infinite Love. There are two paths before each of you, good and evil. Which path a person takes is clearly the will of each creature. Therefore, I call upon you to be messengers of my Son's love, to continue to be faithful disciples who live and enjoy to the fullest all requests from Heaven. Children, you will not find Salvation without effort, you must abandon everything you hold on to; you will find Salvation by purging yourself of the things you have been dragging around with you since childhood. This is why humility is easily seen in human beings when they are submissive to the call they must fulfill. Without love, you are nothing; without obedience, you are rebellious; without fraternity, coexistence is difficult; without understanding, you live in constant conflict; without humility, you are pride; and when my Son calls, if His children do not obey, He waits until they pass through the crucible and return to Him to embrace them. Beloved ones, I call upon those who remain in prayer groups, interceding for souls, proclaiming messages from Heaven, carrying my Word expressed in my revelations. I call upon you not to deny yourselves the path to Salvation.... I call upon you to obey the calls from the Father's House, no matter how difficult they may seem.... I call upon you to never say 'no! To my Son... I call upon you to stand by my tools in this fight against evil, to bring you this Word of mine, which is the Divine Will. Beloved, do not be the obstacles that my tools must overcome every moment.... be the shoulder on which my tools lean when their burden seems heavy.... be a word of encouragement, a balm, a refuge, a hope.... do not be the executioners of those around you with the difficult mission, which is even more difficult at this time, of carrying the word, my Son's and mine, to souls.... be truthful; do not expect to receive much love immediately if you distribute thorns. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the coming moments are not flattering, you will experience the events that I foretold and that will come to pass; you are living in the midst of the wrath of evil and it will only take one moment for you to lose eternal life. Unite in truth and spirit, God does not ignore the truth that each of you hides within you, and the Father remains with a watchful eye, not to condemn, but if you do not cry out for forgiveness and correction, He will wait until it is His will. The people of my Son are being persecuted, ambushes are being laid against them by evil, every now and then with greater force, to bring you down. If you are aware, you know this, as I have mentioned again and again, and escape it, you will not persist in continuing the same acts and works that keep you in rags when you could be dressed in festive attire. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, come to my Son, defenseless in a humble manger; it is in this true inner humility that souls remain who appear as they really are. The Union must distinguish you from the separation in which your brothers live, so that you may strengthen one another at a time when my Son's Church is suffering greatly from division, and nature is purifying God's children throughout the world. The earth trembles before alliances are broken and war becomes yet another scourge. Don't forget that the plague progresses quietly until it covers a large part of the world's population. Don't forget that Rome will be in the news and volcanoes will speak of death around the world. Kneel, pray, but above all, put into action what you preach. My Son listens to everyone and his people will not remain alone, on the contrary, I, who am your Mother, remain with you and in moments of bloody battles my Son will send his help so that his people will be protected. I bless you, beloved children, and I share with you true innocence, my Child Jesus, source of power and Majesty. I bless you, I ask you to pray in front of the crib and discover yourselves with all the burdens and all the helplessness you have, to lay them before my Son and that He may be in you and you in Him. I love you, my children, I love you. Come into my arms. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 31 2015 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, at the beginning of yet another moment in the journey of this generation, I bless each of My children. I have called you through my servant, my prophet, to be aware of the gravity of this moment. My will was to repeatedly explain to you what you already knew from My Mother in Her revelations. At the same time, I gave you new revelations and warned you of the coming events in the hope that my children, who continue to live a mundane, spiritually decadent, backslidden life, wearing their rags, will not fall prey to the antichrist and join his ranks if they convert quickly. My people have been warned non-stop.... my children non-stop plunge into sin... and sin incapacitates them to realize the evil they are committing and the Salvation they may lose by not repenting for the evil deeds they have committed, evil deeds whose author is clearly the same man. That's right, beloved children, man is the author of his own wickedness, he is the author of sin when he acts and works against My Will with his free will used in an improper manner. Beloved children, the human will dominates man and gives him the last word, which prevails in man, leads him to act within or outside my Will, because man knows good and evil.... and his human will more easily pushes the human creature in the direction he is inclined to go. I have called upon you so much! Knowing in advance all the vices to which you are exposed and to which, with great weakness, you may cling, you must preserve the resilience of your soul, so that the lower passions do not overcome you. I know the way for each of my children, I know the way for each of my children, and therefore I urge you to always direct yourselves toward the good. Man does not carry evil in his doctrine, nor does he do evil if he does not want to do it; it is the lower passions that act on the weak will that does not know My Word and does not know My Will; the weak will is dominated by what the human being does not want to lose and clings to, even if eternal life depends on it. My children, I do not remain where chaos reigns on a daily basis, because chaos is unleashed by evil and improper inclinations in man, who has become accustomed to living in My absence, in total disorder and abusing free will. My beloved children, evil nests in improper and disordered passions. My beloved ones, when man acts and works in an improper and disordered manner, he gives birth to evil, and evil adheres so strongly to him that it becomes part of man. Man acts in that which is not good, his acts and works give rise to disorder, and disorder leads him to choose that which is less laborious, while he thinks and feels that his acts and works are good, while they are contrary to My Will, which is Love. My beloved people, this moment must mobilize my children to seek goodness, to abandon the chaos in which they live, to see themselves in all sincerity and truth, so that evil is not fed by my own children. This is the moment when my people must realize the evil they do to themselves when they satisfy the human ego. This moment calls on humanity to realize that they do not see the changes in the world, because they have not happened in one act, they are happening slowly, but they are undeniable. The plagues will increase in their continuity - among them is the great activity of Mount Etna - along with the increased activity of the sea, will indicate to mankind that the rhythm of events has accelerated, and in this acceleration the earth will continue to tremble with force, causing much of Japan's territory to perish in the sea along with other coastal communities. My Heart aches for man's disobedience and debauchery in the face of sin.... The land where different races and different sins converge will suffer. The United States will suffer. San Francisco will lament in the crucible; so much sin was too abundant. California will be severely shaken, and I bled on this earth for the pain my children will experience. Chile will be greatly shaken. Europe will lament that it has moved so far away from My Home. Beloved ones, you are suffering spiritual hunger, and there will be material hunger on top of that. Food shortages will be all over the earth, and famine will be a scourge to all. South America will be a land of lamentation from one end to the other. Pray, children, for Argentina; the land of Santa Fe will once again be tested. My children, how many wars have destroyed entire nations? How many deplorable deeds pass before me at the hands of the leaders of great nations, who, desiring to rule over peoples, seek to show their power, without regard for the fact that those who fight together betray each other? Wars are savage acts that lead to humanity losing affection for the same people. My children call each other wise; if they were wise, they would never bring up arms against their brother, but would want to cleanse the earth of sin in order to free themselves from the misfortunes that befall them. Woe to the world because of scandals! When evil grows with the leaven of my children's ignorance, immediately mercy becomes nothing to man. My Father did not create the world and you, His creatures, to forget you.... my Father remains attentive to his children.... I call upon you with the same love to continue and fulfill the purpose for which my Father created you, to be his children. At this time of such urgency for humanity, every human creature wants my House to give him answers to his personal questions, because man does not know how to wait, he wants to hear what pleases him and does not listen when I speak the truth, because man is not satisfied with my answer. I urge you to pray so that you will be nourished by seeking knowledge and by penetrating into my Will; but you, on the contrary, do not penetrate into knowledge, but wait for answers; you pray in order to appease yourselves in the midst of misery. In the midst of the disobedience that has prevailed in your lives, you pray, yes, at a convenient time, without reconciling with Me, you call upon Me to force and bend Me. The human heart is so small when it is full of ego! How small man is when he loves worldly things! My beloved people, pay attention to My call so that you do not regret the disobedience with which you have scorned each of My words. For some I am a great unknown, I am ignored. Children, this moment, when humanity will experience great pain, is not a time of loneliness.... I am here in front of each of you to alleviate suffering and call for unity. I wish to alleviate the burden you carry because of your own free will.... You will not find happiness outside, but inside each of you. You will find happiness by doing my Will and bringing it to fulfillment. This moment is not for hesitation, do not build idols and do not trust in them. The economy will collapse in the greatest desert, choked by the codes that the beast has begotten to steal the freedom of my children and hold them captive without putting them in a concentration camp. Moment by moment, oppression is close to man, and humanity - unaware and unprepared - is watching, not paying attention to what is happening around them. Children, an idol factory has been introduced, which will fall one by one, and the man who does not know me will suffer the greatest havoc; that is when he will seek refuge and make the mistake of staying with the tentacles of the antichrist, who emerges with the great support of the people, taking what mainly conditions man, namely the economy. Then the political forces will follow him, until my children forget me in favor of a new idol that will lead them to lose their souls. Wake up! The warning is near, while my children sleep in sin and forgetfulness. Children, do not move away from Me. Come, my Love is reclaiming you. When you see that which is nearer and closer shining in the sky, invite my Mother with a Hail Mary so that Her angels will protect you. The foretold darkness is what will come and overrun the world, purifying My people in the crucible, My people who have rejected Me and cast Me out of their Hearts. My beloved ones, do not forget that you are My people and that I am protecting you. My help will come at the exact moment when the deceiver of souls snatches many of My children. Do not trust what science proclaims, I am above science. The unexpected will reach humanity and My children will call upon Me and My children will find My comfort. Do not forget that you must be humble and acknowledge your mistakes before Me with a firm intention to improve, not forgetting that the Commandments are the law for My people and the law is the law above all things. My people, do not be afraid. Faith will lead you to taste the flavor of My House from above. You are my people and evil will not defeat you. My Mother sustains you, be obedient. I bless you, and at this beginning do not forget to use the sacramentals, but above all, purity of heart. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

