January 05 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you with my Love and protect you with my mantle. To each of you I look with the same gaze, the same desire for Salvation, the same love. For each of you I ache, I suffer when you do not listen to the requests from Heaven, and I immediately intercede with the Eternal Father so that you do not perish in eternal fire. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, by distancing yourselves from my Son, you are allowing yourselves to be carried away by evil at this time, when violence and war are taking place before your eyes, not only on earth, but a spiritual battle of such magnitude is taking place that you are unable to perceive it, because you are not living, acting and working in the Will of God, but it is as real as my Love for you. Demons are lurking for souls to confuse the people of my Son, so you will have to walk wisely, move wisely, express yourselves wisely and treat your brothers with that wisdom that only comes from the Holy Spirit. You must ask the Holy Spirit to enlighten you at every moment, so that your faith will not falter in the face of the contradictions you will hear or see in the behavior of those in the fraternity who shape religious communities or formation centers for priests. Evil has penetrated the Vatican house itself and is spreading throughout the world without boundaries, shooting arrows of indifference, disobedience, lust, pride and rebellion at my children; especially those few of my children who are strong, who do not abandon the faith and who remain faithful to my Son and my Love. Pray, my children; my Son's Church will experience moments of pain and perplexity. Lay people will ask me to help my favorite children, and I will help those who are in a state of Grace or repenting with a firm intention to change and choose to continue to be faithful to my Son, and continue to protect and help parishioners who are plagued by the ungodly and those who have allied themselves with the antichrist; they are possessed by evil and will be the ones to carry out the worst scenarios ever seen. My favorite children are called upon to protect the people who are faithful to my Son, opening their consciences, preaching to them about what is coming for mankind and the danger of losing eternal life if man - who says he belongs to God - flits between good and evil and ignores the revelation I have given, according to God's command, throughout the world. For this reason, all of you must now decide to belong to my Son, so that my Son 'may be all in all.' Beloved ones, move away from the mundanity that saturates your thinking with electrifying technology, so that you act like zombies, without thinking, attracted only by the magnet that evil possesses at this time to draw you away from my side. Understand that you cannot belong to good and evil at the same time, because those who act this way will be spit out of the Mouth of the Father. People of my Son, at this moment there are so many who are suffering because of this madness that envelops humanity like a cloud and prevents creation from connecting with its Creator, because of the prevailing human unconsciousness that watches from afar what is happening, with hardened hearts and without knowledge of the signs of this moment! Pray, my children, those who have placed the future in the hands of the economy will feel that they are dying because of the continuing collapse of the world economy. Beloved children, you feel safe when you tread the earth because it is solid, but there are few who study events and delve into them to make them part of their knowledge. The ocean floor is moving and opening up the earth from its bowels all the way to the surface, causing amazement to those who live where these things are happening. Those of you who have not experienced this think that the earth is surrounded by faults, and some of these faults have opened up on the surface or in the ocean. This is the reaction of the earth that surrounds you and warns you of the evil deeds of humanity through events. The earth is trembling and will continue to tremble powerfully. Pray, my children, for Japan, for China and for India; the suffering will be great. Pray, my children, for Chile, for the United States and for Central America; they will be shaken. My children, the earth is expanding with every crack; the moment when some countries will become islands is not far off. My beloved ones, pray with a sincere heart, pray with a generous spirit, so much so that these prayers will become deeds, deeds that will bear the fruit of eternal life. Do not go through life without bearing fruit. Each of my children must be aware that it is the duty of every Christian to bear fruit, and this happens when prayer is action, and spirituality is sharing with those in need and with those who do not know what God's Will is for the moment. Everyone has a moment to pray personally, in silence - if they wish - or with the help of ready-made prayers. Then share the fruits of this prayer, warning the brothers not to fall prey to Satan. Beloved people of my Son, a person grows in anger until this violent, uncontrolled anger takes possession of him and leads him to commit acts that are unimaginable and alarming. But what do my other children do in the face of these terrible acts of barbarism? Pray, yes, you must pray, but then you must warn those who ignore what is happening right now - because these acts will spread throughout the land - when war breaks out, because with war, barbarism will spread throughout the world. Children, do not take sides; the one who appears to be a dove will become a snake in an instant, which will lead humanity to wail, to pain and to death. He who appears to be a hibernating bear will awaken in an instant and be the hand that destroys and subjugates nations. The dragon does not sleep; he is quietly watching to awaken and attack the children of my Son as the dominating executioner with seven heads over faithful and reckless humanity. Beloved children, man is operating in semi-darkness, preparing his attack with premeditation. People will suffer at the hands of terrorism until terrorism falls victim to its own behavior. Creation does not walk in peace; it lives in anxious expectation. Pray, my children, pray for England; it will mourn terror. Beloved ones, this Mother who loves you will not abandon any of those who are faithful, nor those who repent, nor those who claim my protection. Remember that I am the Queen of the Prophets and the Advocate for every human creature before the Holy Trinity. Do not be afraid; on the contrary, double your efforts to dismiss the evil that prowls before the great human ego, which, inflated like a balloon, grows and grows encouraged by you. But don't underestimate the fact that balloons don't always float high, because for some reason they inflate and when this happens, they fall to the ground, and when they fall, they can carry with them other balloons that were getting ready to soar. Each of you, my children, must be aware of your ego and must work on it when you feel that the words of your brothers are not the ones you want to hear and you become overwhelmed with rage when your brothers invite someone else and it bothers you.... when you are dominated by childishness and it drives you to anger and you can't help yourself.... when pride makes you look at your brothers as beings who cannot be better than you.... when ignorance about true Divine Love reigns and you take it out on your brothers.... when love is lacking, stop! Because without love you cannot go forward.... my Son will send his help, this angel of Divine Love, who will protect my Son's people in times of trouble; he will sustain you in times of great tribulation from the antichrist and his legions. Do not be afraid, my children, do not be afraid, the Father's House will not abandon you and will not allow evil to triumph over good. Do not be afraid even when it seems that evil will surpass good; it will happen in an instant, and then good will rise in power, Glory and Majesty, and you will see my triumphant Son, who will reign over everything and everyone. I will shelter you, I will protect you and I will guide you as you take My hand that remains before each of you. Come, children, let me lead you to my Son. My maternal blessing remains within you, waiting for my children to respond. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 10 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I accompany you in every effort to draw near to Me, every moment when, loving faith, you make a firm decision to live in My Law. I love you every moment when, with a true conscience, you take seriously my calls to conversion, so that you are a witness to my deeds and works that transform you. My people, My beloved people, where is the conscience? I call to you, and you do not obey; I speak to you, and you do not listen.... I admonish you, and you do not fear, you continue the foolish life of those who are mundane. To be otherwise, you accept My Word, but do not practice it and do not value it in your hearts. I urge you to understand that sacrifice is not only lamentation and pain, it is also joy in the soul, spirit and heart, and sacrifice is love and obedience. Being meek does not mean that the creature is less steadfast, it means that he truly gives without expecting anything in return, keeping My Commandments before himself, and not to please his ego. Therefore, I urge you not to judge the deeds and works of your brethren, but to be love, 'and all these things will be given to you,' to be truthful, to be truthful and not to judge those who do not yet walk in truth. No child of mine can speak of me unless he gives up his ego and resolves to be the image and likeness of my Love. I urge you to pray that my Will be fulfilled on earth; my Love will not fail you. My people will be guided in such a way that they will not be lost at any time, even if the human creature becomes unaware and forgets that it must act and work in accordance with my Will, so that my protection, which I send to my people, will reach them in accordance with my Will. The affairs of each of my children must be my affairs, not personal affairs. When a creature feels that his affairs prevail over mine, it makes him a foolish human creature, because he feels that what is his is above my Will. My Word and that of my Mother passed from my House to this generation through the chosen people to explain our Will, to reveal to humanity what awaits them and what they have caused, and the means of Salvation, so that this humanity will not perish. But not all of My chosen ones fully complied as spokesmen of the Word from My House. Some have doubted and have not reached the Promised Land, others are dominated by human respectability and have not shared what has been revealed to them. My Mother speaks to you with her motherly love. I call to you as a beggar of the love that dwells within each of you, so that you can go deeper within yourselves and unite with Me, but doubt arises and you refuse to move toward our meeting, and faith is forgotten in favor of some passing encouragement. At this time, I call upon you to urgently respond positively, to approach me and voluntarily fulfill all that I ask of you for the sake of your souls and your brothers and sisters, especially those who reject me. My people, the attention of mankind is focused on armed conflicts; it will take some more time to revive them. In the meantime, epidemics are spreading all over the earth and becoming pandemics, and my children do not take this seriously until they want to stop the epidemics and fail. Then they will remember that my Mother has blessed them with medicine to stop what will surprise science. My children, the climate will strongly torment the earth, it will make entire nations suffer mercilessly; this is the time when you will pray the Holy Trisagion and seek it, and you may not find it. Why do you wait for adversity to approach My House? Hold fast to My Word, obey My Law, be witnesses and testimonies of My Love, receive Me properly prepared in the Eucharist, know My Word, so that you will not be deceived by those who, like wolves in sheep's clothing, approach you to steal you as spoil for evil. I have told you so much about the antichrist! And my people are still waiting for him to present himself before mankind, self-proclaiming himself. My children, make no mistake, discern, evil is taking advantage of the moment of trial, pain, sickness, loneliness, pride, disobedience, denial, hostility, conceit, sorrow and doubt to snatch you up and fill you with its indifference and its wrath, to draw you toward itself, and it offers you the comfort you need at this moment to go with it and against those who are your brothers. Antichrist has his tentacles with which he traps my children, and my children are living in error because they are not warned in my temples. They must be warned now! In various areas, technology has been beneficial to man. In other areas, the dangers are much greater for this generation, which wants to outdo itself and has allowed evil to take possession of technological means to overpower and even annihilate man so that he will not be able to think straight and will allow himself to be carried away by the evil that shackles him until wickedness becomes a defect in the human creation. Misused science is easily accessible to people of all ages. I urged you to stay away from video games. My Mother warned you of the danger to a human being of continuously and voluntarily embracing evil, for most of his life, in front of a screen, being trained to be part of a battalion or army, or simply being trained to kill. Beloved of my people, the antichrist takes powerfully the weapons that man has prepared for him and which he uses to divert my people from the good way, from the truth, from respect for life, from love of neighbor and from being more human. You must be more human through the gift of love, so that you can stop in the midst of this malignant, gigantic wave that the antichrist manipulates, while out of fear my people do not call sin sin. And at the moment, the antichrist has thrust himself upon those who are mine to possess them, while they consider normal what is happening in several countries, where my children are dying of starvation, dying of their parents' decisions or being killed by their brothers for pleasure. Beloved, the power of some rulers encourages nations to rebel against each other, as if man were a toy to be used at will. As the power of the antichrist spreads over mankind, you will see this and more. Be afraid, yes, be afraid to offend me, be afraid to deny me, be afraid to follow the antichrist through his tentacles. My people, wake up, lest you become slaves to evil. Wake up! Wake up, because the antichrist has formed a strong retinue of human beings who are faithful and loyal, and who are preparing all that is necessary to carry off the antichrist and allow him to steal my sheepfold, unprepared due to lack of information about the power of evil, thus allowing themselves to become slaves of their own evil deeds, against my Will. Pray, my people, pray, because the shaking of the earth is increasing. My children, do not call normal what is not normal. The earth has been trembling all along, but the shaking of the earth at this time is extremely violent, much more than what man can call normal. Great countries will lose some of their lands and inhabitants. Pray, my children, for Japan, for Chile and for the United States. If faith in Our Trinity grows in you, your knowledge will be deeper, and the eyes of the Heart will give you a greater and more vivid understanding of what Our Will has allowed to be revealed and explained to you. I urge you to delve into Me, into every word I am giving you in these revelations, so that you can prepare yourself even for what has not yet been revealed to you. Our House's plan for you is that you should receive everything you need to know, that you should be prepared in spirit and ascend quickly, with the necessary haste I urge you to make, before the enemy of the soul washes you away and drives you away from Me. Pray and meditate on the Holy Rosary; live this prayer in truth and spirit, this prayer from which the devil flees in terror, if the creature is without sin and conscious of every word he raises to my Mother, asking for her help and intercession not only for the one who prays, but also for all mankind. Pray, my people, pray for awareness in every human creature, at this precise moment when evil has stirred up war on several fronts and is influencing minds that are far from me, and that have power over the nations, in order to arouse darkened minds and direct them to a battle that will cause the great extinction of humanity and nature throughout the planet. My people, be prepared! A tentacle of the antichrist called the Mafia remains just ahead of humanity. It makes its living from drugs, violence against children, the sale of weapons and human organs, and insidiously dares to use its money to flaunt its good deeds in front of societies and remain unnoticed. Children, this evil does not rest, and you are asleep. Pray, my people, pray. Volcanoes become active at the same time. The threat of supervolcanoes hangs over humanity. The Etna volcano is not resting. My people, rebellious and foolish, seek Salvation, multiply your faith, find knowledge in My revelation and approach human fulfillment. The explanation of my revelation is my same love for my children, for they must know what this same humanity has produced by not listening to me and moving away from me. My people, who admire your brother when he promises you fame.... my people, who admire your idols and follow those who say you must follow them.... you accept into your life false ideals, those that exalt your ego, and you put your Heart into what is evil and despise My calls. My people, come back! I call to you, and I do not see you close to Me; I seek you, and the darkness in which you walk makes you invisible. Return to me quickly, this moment is dangerous, more for the soul than for the body. Children, beloved people, come quickly. At my side you will not be afraid. If you acknowledge me as your God, if you keep the law, and if your heart seeks me constantly, no one will separate you from me. I will keep you on my lap. Come to me, children, I will keep you in my Heart. I bless you, I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 13 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I offer you Salvation and you reject it.... I call you to Salvation and each one decides whether to accept or reject it. Through my Prophet I convey to you my wish that all be saved, and at the same time I tell you of my Justice, true and just. For some I am a mystery, because they feel that I am distant.... for others I am the eternal truth, for whom nothing is impossible.... I ask each of my people for explanations to lead them to delve into every sign of my Love for this generation, in which you do not see each other as brothers. My people, remain attentive, for it has come now, but not yet! Those who surrender to My Holy Spirit at this moment feel My presence more strongly, more vividly, more pulsating. I am both actor and spectator in the story of humanity's Salvation in the New Testament. In this story, I call on my people to be active in prayer, so that you can share it with your brothers and sisters and thus be true evangelists; starting now, evangelize 'whether the time favors or does not favor', so that no one will be indifferent to my call to Salvation. Each one of my people is a true continuation of the deeds I did on earth, when each one acts and works in my Will; although I know they reject me, my Love does not cease for any of my children until the end times, when human history will end. Children, I will welcome all those who approach me with 'a contrite and broken heart', hence the urgency of my constant messages warning you of the events of this generation, so that you repent and bask in my Love and my Mercy through the love with which you look to me. I know that at this time love is unknown to some who are immersed in the worldliness of values that have taken over man's greatest intimacy to completely obscure my Will, which shines in man as the sun shines at the zenith at noon. My children have thrown themselves at the modernisms, and the modernisms are the work of those who set the stage for the antichrist on earth. Just as my people rebelled against my Father's chosen, the prophets, so at this moment they will ignore those who, obedient to my Will, warn them, they will ignore the knowledge that I reveal in each of my summonses, summonses that I address out of love to those who are still faithful to me. Beloved consecrated ones, who lead my people from the altars, warn them of their lack of knowledge of me. My people cannot love someone they do not know, cannot love in the midst of disdain for each of my warnings, exhortations and love that are given, so that my people will not fall into the temptation of wrongdoing and wrong work. Announce to my people that they must delve into the explanation of my Love for humanity; do not hide the oppressor, the liar, the deceiver of my Love. You know that the antichrist is coming to engage in a great spiritual battle, persecuting those who are faithful to Me, to instill fear and doubt in them, so that they will disown Me. This generation will face a great test of faith, in which the wheat will be separated from the weeds, that is, from those who know me and will not give up on me, and from those who, like wolves in sheep's clothing, will remain among my people to betray them and deliver them to evil. My beloved people, mankind is called upon to prepare; and when you hear rumors of wars, flee, do not watch the terror of which the world is a slave. Pray, my beloved people, pray for the Salvation of souls. At this time, pray for the east of the United States; sin reigns in some states. Pray, my beloved people; the earth continues to tremble with force, the waters of the oceans are agitated, and some tsunamis will keep mankind in suspense. As King, I remain with sadness in my heart. Some people carry death in their hands, depriving the lives of those who do not think like them, and terrorism will keep humanity in constant uncertainty. Pray, my beloved people, pray; Italy will suffer for this. Humanity will live without enjoying the nights. Governments will keep people in their homes from sunset to calm the anxiety caused by terrorism. Man without conscience develops unprecedented wickedness and becomes a great threat to humanity itself. Communism will use its weapons to take over the world, and in its desperation will shed its sheepskin and harm humanity, forgetting that 'if one of you puts a stumbling block to one of the little ones who believe in Me, it would be better for him if a great millstone were placed around his neck and he were drowned in the depths of the sea.' They have forgotten that I own life; My people do not need protected underground dwellings; My people are protected by My legions. Nothing will be safe without My blessing. My beloved people, the economy keeps the elites in suspense. My people know me and retain an awareness of my power, which is above all power, I am all-powerful. They have forgotten that it would have been better not to have been born than to have harmed one of my children 'it would have been better for you to have had a millstone hung around your neck and thrown into the sea than to have caused one of the little ones to stumble. I will feed my people as I feed the birds. I will send my protection to my people who have been wounded by the antichrist and his allies. My protection will be a support, a light and a guide on my path toward our meeting. Pray for the one who will be the protector of my people. Keep the faith, do not be weak, come to me, delve into this explanation of my Love, drink this Word of mine, feed on it, so that they will not find you sleeping. Come to me so that I may feed you in the Eucharist, extend your prayer to the brethren, so that it is not only for your Salvation. He who knows only for himself bears no fruit and is like a fig tree. Know My Word in the Holy Scriptures and know this My Word that warns you. Beloved children, I call upon you to be vigilant, do not neglect to pay attention to world events. I call you, I warn you, I prepare you, I protect you, I love you. My people, My beloved people, do not forget that 'I am who I am'. My blessing is with those who are faithful to Me and with all those who approach My Mercy. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 18 2016 - Mother of God
Children of my Immaculate Heart, beloved children of my maternal love, at every moment I present to my Son each of the needs of my children. I implore that those who are mine be freed from evil, and that a good disposition be what pushes you to take the first step on the path to eternal life. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you know the Law of God, to which every person must submit in order to attain Salvation. You will not attain it if you do not obey all that my Son tells you. I urge you to enter my Heart, the Ark of Salvation, because my Heart is maternal love, and as Co-redemptrix I constantly intercede for all my children without exception, so that you may come to the knowledge of true faith. My Divine Son calls you to take My hand and let Me guide you. My Son has entrusted me to save his people, not because I surpass them in holiness, but because my Love surpasses all love and holiness created, and there are countless angels in Heaven who thank God the Father for the splendor of my Heart from the first moment of my earthly existence. I call upon you to enter my Heart, to drink love, obedience, wisdom, patience, charity, hope, faith and humility, to move forward, doing God's will in constant joy, feeling no loss or lack of what is temporal, desiring to bring souls to my Son. Beloved children, those who walk in faith inhale and exhale joy; those who do not live a life of devotion to my Son in truth do not experience joy; instead, they live in bitterness, which means effort that does not bear the fruit that the creature expects to see with his own eyes. You are living at a time when you will witness the fulfillment of the many events that my Son and I have announced to you, not in this last month, but from the beginning of this mission. For this reason, because of His love for you, my Son reiterates that you must live fighting against the human 'I', which is selfish, disobedient, unmerciful and disrespectful, even to your brothers the prophets. Children, the prophet proclaims, condemns and communicates God's will. The rebel is the one who rebels against the Divine Will, not the one who does not listen to the prophet, but the one who does not listen to the requests that the Father House sends through the prophets. Some people take God's Word and adapt it to their personal interests. How pathetic! They do not know my Son and disregard Him. When Heaven speaks, it is God's Word, and this Word is not subject to the tastes or whims of any human creature. Pride wreaks havoc on those who are conceited and who feel or think that God's Word or My Motherly Word is not for them, but for those who are ignorant. This is a great mistake! The Word explained in these exhortations is for each of my children to examine themselves; everyone, everyone needs correction to get to Heaven and live on earth as in Heaven; all people belong to my Son, but not everyone follows my Son's Will. Not everyone walks in the footsteps of my Son, and no man at this moment can say that he belongs completely to my Son and that he will never fall. Not until he is right in front of Him. People of my Son, remember that evil will lead you to believe that you have already earned Salvation, that you belong to Christ and that nothing will separate you from Him. Yes, you belong to my Son because He has redeemed you, but each of you personally must give life to that redemption; each in particular must cherish his Salvation. The fact that you belong to a certain religion is not what will save you. The fact that you belong to a certain group will not save you. What will save you is living, acting and working like my Son! What will save you is living in the Divine Will, is striving in every moment of your life to constantly practice the works and deeds of my Son, because this will lead you to remain in a constant struggle for the Salvation of your soul. Do not forget that you are constantly being pursued, without truce or rest, by evil by means of the debauchery that man manifests from an early age. This generation does not see beyond their personal square meter, their immediate surroundings. They forget too quickly! It's as if memory has frozen under their personal interests, allowing them to reflect the selfishness in which they move. A brother is something more or something less to live with; brotherhood has been nullified because of the insensitivity in which man walks and which prevails within him. It is this insensitivity of mankind that will lead the powerful man on earth to mindlessly exterminate a great part of mankind. Man is overly ambitious, and this completely blinds him and leads him to look only at what is convenient for him, even if it contradicts his brothers and what my Son demands of his children. Beloved children, the Church of my Son will be persecuted with cruelty. The enemies of my Son, those who refuse to believe in Him, those who live without faith, will lash out at the children of Christ, using all the power of evil, because they want to live without anything to remind them that my Son remains present in each of them. The Antichrist is not another legend; it is a wickedness that will hurl itself at my children to exterminate them if they are not prepared, and the faith must be strong enough that nothing can weaken them. Children, there will be more false prophets who will tell their followers that they are saved. Be careful! My Son has given you Salvation, but each of you must fight for this Salvation, not only by praying, but also by making your prayer live in your brothers and sisters, because this way of acting and working will sensitize you, will teach you what it means to be a truly practicing Christian. Remember that if someone assures you that you are already saved and that you have already earned heaven, this person does not want you to be saved, but wants you to live on without making any spiritual efforts, as if everything is already finished. This is a false lie of the deceiver of men. The Antichrist has not yet begun his persecution of Christians. Right now you see cruelty, but not all the cruelty of evil; you see famine, but not all the famine caused by evil; you see death, but not all the death that the antichrist and his legions will cause; you hear about the spreading plagues, but not all the plagues that will afflict mankind. For this reason, I urge you to remain vigilant. My children, make progress at this moment, do not wait for another. Beloved children, evil is a hole that you do not see clearly, it is right in front of you, as if it were solid ground. These are Satan's strategies and deceptions, he makes you see everything as if everything is good, as if everything is accepted by God, so that you are confused and fall into the hole, which is the road to perdition. Pray, beloved children, pray for the Church of my Son, pray that it will be stricter with the people of my Son and that they will find Salvation. At this moment, the water of life is polluted in most human creatures, who are dying for lack of living water, the living water of love that my Son poured out on the Cross, the water of truth, hope, faith, love, conscience, the concept of what is real and unreal, good and evil, the living water of discernment, the living water of constancy and perseverance, the living water of surrender. Man lives in the mud of godlessness, disrespect for all that Salvation stands for; the mud of modernism, the mud of drug addiction, the mud of lies, the mud of adoration of false gods, the mud of following falsehood, the mud of constant lamentation when they don't have everything they want, the mud of petty business, the mud of spiritual ignorance, the mud of sensationalism, the mud of false wisdom that is not guided or accompanied by the Holy Spirit, the mud of not accepting into the light of humanity truths that are not revealed, the mud of oppression and rebellion, the mud of power over those who are humble and dispossessed. My children, the Church of my Son is being oppressed, so much so that there will be an oppressive event for my children because of the betrayal of those who do not love her. Pray, my children, pray. The drought is spreading, and with it the famine will wreak havoc. Pray, my children, the economy is collapsing before the perplexed gaze of man, and when man finds that his power has been annihilated, he feels invalidated and acts out of control. Pray, my children, pray for Chile, pray for the United States; nature will show severity. Pray, my children. The introduction into the holy temple of those who will later plunder the faith of my Son's people is an ambush and a trap. Pray; volcanoes continue to erupt and lava razes villages to the ground. Pray; nature reacts in the most unusual ways and surprises man. Look to the heights. The signs are numerous. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, at this time it is very important that the people receive the priestly blessing; unfortunately, some priests do not know its value and do not apply it with faith to the people. Children, the uncontrollable desire for power over the whole world leads to the open declaration of war. War is beneficial to great nations when they sell weapons to other countries, and this is what happens, which most of my children do not know. Previous wars have devastated nations with great cruelty, starvation and genocide, but right now war will be ruthless without measure because of great advances in technology used improperly. Man has no love for his fellow man, the devil is inside many people, there is a desire for revenge and a struggle for dominance, this is the scenario Satan needs to fulfill his plan to impose himself on humanity without delay. Children, look around, do not trust in what is only human; you must come to my Son, have Him in communion, nourish yourselves and be of those of whom the Gospel speaks, the saints of God. Knowledge of what is sensual must be followed up by delving into matters of the spirit. Man cannot seek fresh water in the midst of the swamps of this world. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not be discouraged by those who will come and propose to separate me from the Church of my Son. This is a sign of the coming of the antichrist. Pray the Holy Rosary and love my Son as I love Him. Through this same maternal love, the guide of my Son's children will come at a time when my Son's people will be oppressed by Freemasonry reinforced in my Son's Church by the elite who follow the antichrist and who have worked to facilitate the power of the devil incarnate. Not all those who call you to belong to my Son speak the truth, not all are convinced and not all are faithful to the mandates of my Son. Beloved children, I remain before you to accompany each of you and intercede for you. Do not be afraid, I, your Mother, am close to each of my children. I bless you. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 21 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I protect you and light your way with My Word, so that you may be vigilant and not be misled. My people know that they are not the same, they know that they suffer failures, but they do not seek to come out of the mud for fear of being excluded by the current of this world. They are unaware of what a blessing it is to be children of Our Trinity and children of My Mother. My beloved people, you can clearly grasp what is before you, the great strategy of the one who is lurking to seize the path prepared for him by those who have stayed away from Me, the antichrist. Yes, children, the antichrist is coming to replace the divine and introduce the demonic throughout the world, introducing terrible and diabolical doctrines through which only he will have total control over humanity. At the moment, economics is one of the strong strategies of the antichrist, with which he will destabilize nations until he forces them to surrender, and will buy the souls of those who refuse to suffer for lack of money. In this technological moment in which mankind lives, man has been brought to the point where he considers it normal to have a chip implanted, but my children cannot accept this, it is the mark of the beast, by means of which they will become its slaves. Beloved children, my people will be tried like gold in a crucible.... Too many assure me that they love me, but how many will give up everything for me? How many will remain faithful in the midst of the cruelest, bloodiest persecution? Children, mankind follows false gods, idols in human skin, who lead you to the cliff.... you follow men and not Me; you remain under the word of false gods and push Me into second place. There is great confusion at the moment; some speak in My Name, ascribing to themselves attributes that our Trinity will not give to any creature at this time. I have indicated the coming events to my instruments.... I have revealed to humanity what is near at hand.... I have warned this generation of what will cause confusion, sorrow and uncertainty.... I have warned you to be vigilant, watching out for those who claim to be so close to me that this generation depends on what happens to them. Look at what the Scriptures say and what our legions sing with one voice: 'Yours is the power, the might and the glory forever. Our Spirit adorns with gifts and virtues the man who lives, struggling for holiness and united to Our Will, is humble, obedient, with deep faith and carries the hope in My mercy to his brothers, because he knows that I, their Christ, live thirsting for souls. Remember that each of my messengers is the most humble, the most merciful, the most obedient, and the one who calls you the most to be my followers; not his followers, but mine. The enemy of the soul easily deceives a person, creating confusion in my people, creating false expectations for someone of mine to take attributes that I have not bestowed upon him. Beloved ones, my children act and follow our Will. My children know me so that they are not deceived, they pray to discern, they love my Mother and ask for her help to guide them and intercede for each of them, lighting the way when the heart - agitated in the face of deception - beats fast to force it to react. Thousands of forms of deception swirl around humanity, so much so that men of science have invested their existence and their lives looking for a way to surpass me, mindlessly creating life to the point of incorporating human tissue into an animal body, causing a series of aberrations against human nature. The Tower of Babel is small compared to what this generation has come to perform.... similarly great will be the continuing change in humanity. I urge you constantly not to forget all that I have announced to you; you know the theory, but what will you do when faced with some violent action of nature or the rising low instincts of man that evil causes to come to the surface? The moment is bloody, but the man of faith still stands, because my Holy Spirit leads him to endure what he must, and to abandon what he must leave behind. I call on my people not to stop at this moment.... I call upon my people to reign in free will.... I call upon my people to maintain that integrity with which my faithful children excel in the midst of constant suffering.... As in the past, you still do not believe. You eat, you drink, you marry, you marry, you buy, you sell, you sow, you build, ignoring the calls from Our House, ignoring the terror that your brothers are already suffering and that will spread throughout the land. You live without love; you are disobedient to Me, as if I do not see you; you think you are deceiving Me, while I am the one who knows what each of you has inside. Children, be attentive! I am the eternal present, I am the King, and My Kingdom is not modernized as the worldly is modernized.... beware!... I am your God, my beloved people, the waters of the oceans will be agitated and in their anger will penetrate inland, volcanoes will erupt with great force, the tree that used to bear fruit will be like a fig tree that has withered, the plant that had a crop in March will yield its crop in September. Rivers will no longer carry much water; threats from the sky will be constant. Scientists will warn of heavenly bodies approaching the earth; thus, these same scientists will confirm My Word. Beloved, the plague is advancing and another one is appearing, which affects the digestive system with nausea and vomiting and raises the body temperature until the creature sees its skin darken. This is the result of improper manipulation in laboratories, where great experiments are carried out. Pray, my children, pray for Brazil, the beaches that are now a source of satanic pleasure will become inaccessible to man. Pray, my children, pray for Greece; it will suffer in its own land. Pray, my children, pray for Italy; the pain will reach several cities. The volcanoes Vesuvius and Etna will cause fear with their eruptions. Pray, my children, pray for China; it will suffer the upheavals of its land. Pray for the United States; nature warns its people not to let this nation be the cause of a world war. Pray, my children, the earth will open up in Peru, causing terror. My beloved nation, it is not Our Will that you suffer. It is the misuse of free will that leads you to suffer more and more severely with each passing moment. Come to receive Me. You must remain strong in spirit. Your faith must be solid. Join me and let me help you. Pray the Holy Rosary. Delve into those invocations that explain My love, so that you will be prepared. Know that out of mercy I will come to examine you; it will be a small judgment; repent so that you will suffer no more. Beloved, as the Infinite Love that I am, I will not abandon you. These calls of Mine and the calls of My Mother will continue to be a breath, a help from My House to My People. This word from Our House will remain to guide you. What kind of God would I be if I left my people to their fate, without my Word and without warning you? Be obedient! Warn your brothers who live in spiritual ignorance. I am with you, my children, I do not deny you my comfort or my forgiveness. I bless you and love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 24 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Blessing descends upon you and those who do not yet know Me. My Heart is constantly waiting to draw you to Me. My Mercy is infinite and in this endless waiting I remain until the last moment. You are My children and therefore you can choose Salvation. My children do not give up. They rise again and again to free themselves from the chains of sin, ignorance, stubbornness and spiritual blindness. This, children, I reward abundantly. Right now you are besieged by many doctrines that have arisen as a result of man's search for Me. The reason for this uprising is to confuse you, to make you lose your way to My Truth and to take shortcuts that will never lead you down the right path. Beloved children, you should renew yourselves internally in a spirit of magnanimity, without placing obstacles with which people often condition their final surrender. I must explain a great deal, so that when you do not understand My Words, you will know to wait, expecting them to be clear on the path. You are My People, and I will not leave you defeated by the evils of ignorance. You just need to have a lot of patience, and abundant discernment. Who will be able to prove that prayer is not important? Children, there are human beings who do not pray. Prayer is a call for me, it is a way to keep my vigilance. My Holy Spirit helps you, and those who do not pray do not make progress, because they do not practice prayer. Just as the body needs food to go with each moment, the soul and spirit must be fed by Me. Children, be attentive to the unfolding of events, this is part of the instruction that everyone is called upon to give, to remain within the framework of my Will, which asks you to warn your brothers. The moment will come when my Justice will shine forth, blinding everywhere all those who persecute my people, and striking down the hypocrites who pretended to love me but did not love me, striking down those who denied my Justice, trying to hide it, while it was never hidden and always existed; it was they who hid it from my people. Debauchery is not my Will; my Will is that you respect that I am your God; 'I am who I am,' my beloved people, I am God present in creation, and absent from those of my children who have removed me from their lives, devising the oppression of those who are faithful to me. They seek only personal glory, human acclaim and status in society by acknowledging the riches they possess, which when offered to their brothers, the latter will not accept them, because the riches will be worth nothing. My beloved people, terror bears the human seal. In factories and industry, suffering is forged by their own hands. The harm they will do will be such that this generation will be the one who prepares the pain with their own hands. In the intimacy of your hearts, you know that this generation is building its own death; and I want you to be aware of this. Pray, my children, pray. Hunger makes a sacrifice of my people, who ate and drank without ever thinking of these truths that I reveal to you. Pray, my children, pray; the dormant volcanoes are awakening. My beloved people, the contamination that has been poured on this planet blames man and exhales its fury through the mouths of the volcanoes. Pray, children. Hatred humiliates. Hatred ruins relations between the people of countries. Children, be truthful, the majority have not heeded my call and have been drawn into a new deceptive spirituality that draws them all the way away from me, going against the law of my Father. By acting in this way, they will receive the terrible consequences of the increase in geological changes, transforming the geography of the earth, due to the great offensive and actions of man, separating themselves so much that those who rule the nations will have power and with great pride will lead them to what is sinful, to war, breaking peace agreements. To their great amazement, they will live amidst violence, robberies, insults, resentment, disease, landslides, heavy rains and winds of which there will be no weather forecast. Religion will collapse. The sin that is inside my Church will cause havoc because of the stupidity of those who do not obey, who have not come to know me and have rejected me. My House will be treated disrespectfully, because they confuse My Mercy with the transformation of God's Law to accommodate the continued disrespect of a ruthless generation. Beloved ones, in the midst of such great confusion as you have never seen before, a great deceiver appears, announcing the solution to everything that is happening. With hands stained with the blood of the righteous, he will perform miracles that come from hell to deceive my children. This deceiver arrives during the bloodiest war mankind has experienced. He appears as the savior of a desperate and breathless humanity, who will immediately accept the offer that Satan himself presents to them, and submit to the armies of evil. This deceiver will deceive my people with great eloquence; his voice will appear melodious; his eyes, black, will confuse; his words will confuse; he will be false, because his wisdom will not be the wisdom of the Holy Spirit, but the wisdom of the devil. Mankind is heedless; it looks with indifference at acts that are not My Will, and accepts everything that is imposed upon it. Pray, My children, Rome will be invaded, terror will overwhelm My Church. My beloved people, pray for Japan, the harshness of nature is reaching its shores. The pain of the people will be cruel. My beloved people, pray, the United States continues its path toward desolation. Another danger to mankind has been revealed, the hydrogen bomb.... Beloved people, those who do not expect summer will be concerned about it when it arrives; those who do not expect cold will suffer great weakness due to lack of food and other causes, and will die when it arrives. My children must be prepared; although it seems that the sun shines the same every day, this is not the case. Nature has become ill because the mind of man has turned away from Me. My beloved ones, I Christ, your God, will send help to my people; I will send one who is an angel of peace, a being who lives in my Love and is nourished by my Love. My people need my envoy so that they will not perish in the midst of such bloody spiritual battles. Do not despair, I will not abandon you in the face of the force and great evil that will reach you. Trust that my people are privileged, my House does not abandon its faithful. My beloved people, my Spirit resides inside each of my children, each of them finds my Truth, which does not change at any time. Such is the man of faith, he does not change, because he knows that I am infinite and eternally present. Everyone with his free will has two paths before him, good and evil. I have explained both. Everyone is responsible for choosing to remain among the wheat or to be part of the weeds. I bless you; I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 28 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. As the Mother of all mankind, I do not withhold my Word to tell the people of my Son to return and unite in the Sacred Heart of my Son, so that they will not be afraid to lose themselves by following safe paths. Man's works and deeds allow people to see what man really has inside. Man's reactions at unexpected moments determine the degree of spiritual maturity of the creature. What man keeps in his heart, he expresses with his word. A violent creation carries little or no conscience of what the deeds and works of My Son are. A creature that does not respect its neighbors is far from loving in the way my Son commanded you to love your neighbors. My Son warns you of the danger of the human will when it is guided by the human ego. Transparency in deeds and works is noteworthy in those who act by keeping my Son in their hearts, not in those who live by appearances. Beloved children, on the square meter - in your immediate surroundings - actions, impulses, the way you treat others, love, truth, fraternal interaction and humility will tell who you are and what you are like. This is not a moment for weakness or deception. This is the moment for you to be in the way of my Son, if you belong to my Son.... If you do not belong to my Son, you will act in a mundane manner, ignoring compassion, love, brotherhood, truth, patience, obedience and the virtues of others. If you do not belong to my Son, you will always want to be first, you will pretend to know everything, you will despise those who do not think and act as you do. This is the moment for you to look at yourself, because if you don't, my Son will lead you to look at yourself, even if you don't want to. Truth is the pillar of my Son's child, it is the seed that bears fruit. Whoever does not act in this way, whoever does not act in this way, is a member of a dying Church which, because it does not constantly carry the Cross on its shoulder, cannot make its enemies flee and cannot see those who want to destroy it. Do you not see that in the Church of my Son the wheat and the weeds are together? Who are those who want to pull the weeds without looking at themselves? Or who - knowing the weeds and the evil they do - allows them to remain inside without giving the impression of weeds, so that they continue to destroy insidiously from within? You must keep the established Commandments, from which the Law and the Prophets grow: 'You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul and with all your mind, and you shall love your neighbor as yourself. He who loves does not do evil; he who does evil does not truly love. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, at this moment evil lurks everywhere, constantly praising evildoers and mocking those who do right in what is good. Be astute and consider where the praise comes from and where the mockery comes from. Both have two paths, but they feed on the same venom, which comes to bring down my children by accusing and praising what is not done right. Beloved children, everyone is called to witness and testify to the teachings of my Son, and for this the Holy Spirit needs the soil prepared so that He can dwell in it. The mystical body of the Church remains on earth, and each of you has the full responsibility not to abuse it, not to slap it, not to despise it, not to abhor it and not to hurt it. Each of you must give the best of yourself to reap the best of your brothers. Trust in the word that explains to you how to walk in God's law without fear of stumbling.... trust in God at all times.... trust in God, do not be afraid, even if sometimes you have to wait.... 'do not be afraid, for I am with you' He has His plan for each of you and He knows what you need and when you need it, because He knows you from the inside.... ' I have written you on the palms of My hands. Do not neglect the faith, for 'the Spirit clearly says that in later times some will depart from the faith, paying attention to deceptive spirits and the teachings of demons' Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I strongly urge you to be vigilant, with a lit candle and the best oils.... The devil is waging a constant battle against my children, and you must be able to distinguish between what belongs to God and what belongs to the devil. With a false doctrine, the devil came and presented himself in the church of my Son, and at that moment he drew Satanism from ancient Babylon over mankind in order to spread it and to practice it openly. This was the goal of those who remained in groups that secretly call themselves clubs, mafias, sects, secret societies, new ideologies, new age, which drag ancient rites and involve those who are lukewarm and indifferent. Beloved children, this moment is no ordinary moment. This is the moment of moments when ten nations will take control of the earth, and their ten leaders will be representatives of the new world order. The Antichrist will appear in public without prior warning, and will arrive with great accolades as the one who will bring peace and reconciliation among the nations, a peace that is a sign of the imminent presence of the executioner of mankind. Beloved children, you must decide to change; do not leave until tomorrow what constitutes eternal life for you; make up your minds and do not hesitate. Do not delay! The war is moving forward, dragging with it an enormous complexity of interests, among which is the destruction of most of my children, three-fourths of my children, in a clear and sudden manner. What weapon would be able to accomplish this, if not the most sophisticated and powerful one that exists at the moment? Beloved children, humanity is in crisis. Wake up before you are tested; know my revelations, my constant warnings in all the places where I have appeared to warn my Son's people and mine. Children, it is urgent that you all unite. Only the unity of my Son's Church will be able to confront this great deceiver and his allies. My Son's people, you yourselves will expose this deceiver, and for this you must remain faithful to God's law. So much has arisen against the people of my Son! And yet you persist, giving no sign that you know what is going on, or that you want to find out about it. I walk among you and see the indifference with which you treat each other and how you look upon the suffering of others.... I see how the one who suffers throws himself at his brother without facing any difficulty in satisfying his need. This is a violent, unscrupulous and ignorant generation. Look up, the signs above us are abundant. You will see in the sky what you have never seen before, as a sign of the urgency of the moment. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico; it will face a great trial. Beloved ones, pray, pray for Rome; it will suffer. The Vatican will be the terrain for world news; those who do not love my Son will cause great pain. Pray, volcanoes will be the scourge of man. Mexico will suffer because of it; Ecuador will suffer. Unknown volcanoes will be a novelty. Pray; the earth will be shaken; Spain will lament. Pray; the United States continues to suffer; nature is turning against this nation. Children of my Immaculate Heart, the ruin of humanity is leading many souls to fall into hell. Do not be indifferent to your brothers and sisters. Pray for them, warn them about the wickedness of the world. Do not stop, explain to them again and again everything that the world is facing. The existing reality cannot be hidden; evil is hurled at humanity without mercy, and people will watch in awe as fire falls from the sky. They will seek refuge, but will not find it. My children, do not distance yourselves from the Sacrament of the Eucharist. Pray the Holy Rosary and await in holy patience the help that will come from Heaven at the bloodiest moment of the global persecution of Christians. Rome will suffer, and in light of its own lament, those who forsake God for what is mundane and sinful, while blaming God for their own misfortunes, for their selfishness and for their frustrations when they want to possess more than their brethren, cannot be called saints. Vices are welcomed, and my Son is sent away, churches are empty, and there is no one to pray. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the blight is advancing and man is suffering. Use mullein and rosemary in discreet quantities. Children, my Immaculate Heart remains with you. You are sons of the King of Heaven and Earth, do not be afraid, my Son supports His own. I bless you, I am your Mother. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 31 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Word reaches my children as a blessing that God's Will allows for His people. Receive my Word, children, before the moment passes. Man will want to quench the thirst of his soul, and he will have no way to quench it. Given the rejection of all that the House of the Father reveals, which is left by the wayside, it will be at sunset when mankind will realize that this revelation has set the way, but has been despised. Man will make the Commandments a convenience for his evil life; such great audacity is the ruin of mankind. Who like God! All that is holy has been minimized, so that debauchery reigns among the people of my Son. Children of my Immaculate Heart, do not lose faith. Help will descend from Heaven for the faithful people, not so that you will not suffer and be purified, but so that this suffering will not be greater than what is the Will of God. Evil will never triumph; the evil conduct of my Son's people will cause you to fall to the ground, begging for God's hand. Some of my favorite children - priests - walk in such arrogance that does not allow them to turn back, and sometimes their erratic way of leading my Son's people is the door through which these people flee and seek refuge with Satan, denying sin, denying evil, denying hell as a place of sorrow, denying God's law, denying the Cross, denying me as the Mother of humanity. So much denial of Divine greatness is the magnet that attracts to earth the purification of every human creature. The people of my Son will suffer as will those who join the malignant antichrist, who in the end will be the one who makes them suffer horrendous punishments and deprivations. When he feels in agony, he will turn against his followers. Before this happens, my Son's faithful will see with horror and horror how brothers in faith will deny my Son and deliver their brothers in fear of losing their lives. At the time of purification, my Son's headquarters on earth will be attacked and closed. The confused sheep must remain united. I will sustain you in this brief moment. Do not move, children, do not let terror overwhelm you while you suffer loneliness. That is why my exhortations were directed to the spirit, to the soul, so that you will not fall into despair. So much evil will be scattered like the wind, and for man it will be suffocating, just like the air completely contaminated with the most deadly poison. There will be a cleansing like never before, since the world began. Not only the earth will be shaken, but also heaven, just as man's wickedness was without mercy for his brothers and without respect for his Lord and his God. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I see my favorite children - priests - so weak! Some support acts that lead to sin; I guide them to save their souls. My Son's Church, as a dying church, holds socially, but its mission is the Salvation of souls, and they do not obey Me. The homes of my favorite children must not be sunk in luxury or in great feasts; my children must be austere like my Son. Live what is necessary and help the poor, not only physically, but also spiritually. My favorite children must accept with strength the cross that my Son has passed on to them, so that they can be examples of faith and love.... As a mother, this causes me great pain, because the war begins in the same church, the church of my Son, where agreements burn in disunity, and only confrontation strategies are prioritized. Children, approach the Sacrament of the Eucharist, do not reject Him, prepare yourselves without delay and receive Him with love and a firm intention to improve. My Son has defied so much! And this is despite the fact that He announced to you what would happen. You already know that later you will see the land and it will look like the rubble of what once was. What is left of the country will be a small island, and what is left of the city will be rubble, and the cry of the Heart will be heartrending. Man does not come when he is tenderly called out; the rebelliousness of the moment makes him appear defiant, and my Son, in order to recover souls, allows justice to remove the entrails of man, so that he will see himself in his smallness and so that he will see the damage he has done to himself. Children, look at yourselves! Why did you allow a small wound, without washing it, to become infected? Why did you allow the wound to fester? Worms eat away at the skin and cling to places where there is pus. As a Mother, I want my children to react differently; when there are riots, I see my children being emboldened; when there are attacks and persecution, they cause more horrible deaths; in the presence of weapons, they take more revenge and do not retreat, attacking the innocent with horrible terrorist force. My beloved son suffers so much when he sees that his nation is resisting! The war is advancing, it does not stop, it seems to be asleep, but it is awake, and the rumors of peace are more rumors of war. My Son will allow consciences to be enlightened, an act of great mercy, so that evil will turn away from those who desire it. This act is the prelude to great suffering. My daughter, do not worry that some of My children who have approached you do not believe you, they are afraid, because you write the truth of My Words. Keep going forward, awakening my children for the glory of my Son Jesus Christ. The devil has settled into positions of greater power in the world, he is waiting for the antichrist to take over all of humanity. Children, do not lose faith, and you proclaim what my Son asks and what I as Mother ask. Tell my children to be faithful, to come prepared to receive my Son in the Eucharist; tell my children not to accept that which is contrary to the Law of God. Confusion will grow every moment in the Church of my Son. Some will go against others, assuming progress, the development of generations, forgetting that the Law is the eternal present. Pray, my children, pray for Brazil; sin will make it suffer again. Pray, my children, pray for the United States; nature will afflict it with a great plague, and terror will overwhelm this nation, where the innocent will lose their lives. Pray, my children, pray, the earth will shake with great force, so much so that the groans of my children will be heartrending. Pray, my children, pray; with the economy hanging in the balance, Japan is taking up its influence. Pray, my children; Jerusalem will suffer. My beloved ones, the elements will combine with man's suffering; be patient, do not panic, Satan uses panic to prevent you from praying and distance you from the side of my Son. Remain inside my Heart. I weep tears of blood for this self-flagellated humanity, but in the end I will take you by the hand and, as the Advocate of all humanity, I will present you to my Son. It is those who are faithful who will continue to draw God's Mercy toward the earth, and it will again show in the sky the rainbow of love of my Son's faithful. Do not repent, yes recognize what you are.... do not repent, resolve to improve.... do not repent, trust in the love of my Son and in my intercession through and for anyone who asks for it.... look up, the signs do not end, the general humanity looks to the ground with its head lowered, looking more for what is mundane than what is above. I bless you with my Love, I protect you with my mantle. As Queen and Lady, I seek you tirelessly. Children, life does not end on earth, see to it that the soul does not lose eternal life. My Love is with you. I call upon you out of love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 04 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Will is that all be saved and share in eternal life.... You call me 'Father'... when you call me 'Father', do you fully recognize me, or do you call me 'Father' because the 'Our Father' begins with these words? I am a pastor of people of good will who beg my Holy Spirit to help them keep help and achieve action and work in holiness, overcoming the unexpected from a world that is controlled by Satan and his legions. I do not close My Mercy to My children who convert, to those who seek a way out of sin and cry out for a return to the path of Salvation. My Kingdom has no end, it is before you, so that you may enter My House and abide in a continuous act of union with Me, giving them and giving Me to you, so that you may be a living witness on earth. At this moment, my children must completely surrender to me, otherwise the trappings of evil will cause you to fall, magnifying your human ego so that this human ego will be the greatest and most false god you have. Humanity is surrounded by false gods and you, my people, know this. The biggest and most false god was created by man, and he is the cause of the greatest destruction, not only physically, but also spiritually, affecting all of creation. The ego, the human ego, the one you constantly feed, grows without measure until it becomes a necessity for the creature and dominates it, fulfilling its personal whims and giving it pleasure.... making it feel superior and greater than its brethren.... making the creature believe that the knowledge it possesses is greater and more wonderful than that of its brothers.... allowing the Heart, which has hardened due to its lack of humility, to hurt those who have surrendered to me and who offer the oppression they suffer to the soul of their oppressor. This false god creates other false gods in each of my children, who undermine the spiritual terrain, spiritual strength, and lead them to push me away because of improper human respect, which plunges them into foolishness, darkening their reason and subjecting them to human cravings to belittle them. My beloved people, reason ceases to reason when it is driven by interests. Man has interests that control even the noblest matters; interests go hand in hand with disrespect and ambition, which are bad company for people. I have ordered you to cleanse the spiritual terrain, to burn everything that deprives you of the strength to fight evil; I urge you to burn the human rags tainted with interests that the enemy of the soul has instilled in you and like maggots nest unnoticed, acting and controlling at will, so that man believes he is moving forward, when in reality he is retreating. Weeds are not good company for people. Weeds cause jealousy and humiliate people, and lead people to forget to love and be merciful to their neighbors. With their branches, weeds lift men up until they see themselves so high that they begin to think that their brethren will never be able to reach them; high up they take in air and swell even more, but they do not take in clean, pure air; instead, they breathe in the most polluted air, which makes them conceited and nauseous, so much so that they underestimate, despise and disqualify everything that is not as they want it to be. My children, man must walk very carefully! The powerful man will become the one who asks for the beggar's alms of love. When one of My children commits an act against My Love, when he commits an injustice and despises one of Mine, he despises Me, and when the enemy sees him angry, he takes advantage of the situation and uses that man to spiritually injure those who live by adoring Me and acknowledging Me. You do not know the great influence that goodness has on a person; it is enough to desire it and act on it, but you give in to the brazen deceiver of people, the one who leads you to lose your sanity in an instant. My people want to be God, and that is why they have sunk into their personal God, their ego, giving him total control over their senses, their virtues and gifts, in order to distort them. Everything good in human creation has been minimized by the human ego, which distorts everything in its path; it hurts, disobeys, rebels, destroys and pollutes everything around man, until finally he is left alone and abandoned. My people, my Father has given man everything necessary to share the same life with nature, but you have forgotten the sacred reality of nature, not sacred because nature is God, but because nature was created by the divine hand. Children, human pride looks down on the gifts received and eliminates them without mercy in order to satisfy man's needs, not remembering that no man is greater than our Trinity and that no human science will surpass God's perfect creation. Remember my Words, man, trying to create, will create monsters; but the meanest of all is the same man, because he has come to disrespect life itself. Isn't this infamy part of the rapid emergence of the antichrist and his influence? Those who have denied me will marvel at the wonders and miracles of the deceiver, who with his power will seduce the lukewarm, encouraging them to join his ranks to become persecutors of their brethren. You will see how some who claimed to love me, and who received me in the Eucharist with false love, become deceivers of men, opposing my Word and denying the mystery of transubstantiation. Therefore, he who follows me cannot boast until he is faithful to my Word. My beloved people, you will look with pain and sorrow at the betrayal of many of your brothers. Do not be deceived by them, even when you feel weak, for the time of harvest will come and you will reap greater fruit. Be aware that I do not depend on man for My Will to be fulfilled; it is man who depends on Me to live according to My Will and fulfill everything I demand of man so that he can choose eternal life. Many of those who say they love Me will take to the streets to adore the seductive liar! In moments of fear, a man who does not have a strong and solid faith and has not been tested in his faith will stumble like a boat rocked in a great storm and, not knowing how to row, will sink, and without the knowledge of the one who lives in the storm, he will despair, for his trust in Me will last as long as the sun shines and as long as he does not face any trial. My beloved people, you are being tested, but your faith does not falter, but grows, for you know all that is woven in the world by the hands of those who serve evil. My children, walk carefully. Satan entangles himself in everything, flogging my mystical body with novelties that are not my Will, and those who do not know me deeply engage in fulfilling what harms me. For this reason, man invents his own purification. The warning is a foreshadowing of My Mercy for souls who love Me and wish to continue to struggle to respond to Me fully. Do not be afraid, My children. My Justice does not give unnecessary punishment to one who does not deserve it. My Justice gives the right measure; not an inch more, not an inch less. Beloved ones, delve into the knowledge of the explanation of My Word; out of love for her children, My Mother was a faithful messenger, she left out nothing about what is coming for mankind, nor about what will happen because of man's disobedience to Her requests. Love My Mother and remain in Her Heart so that, like Her, you may live in obedience and in Infinite Love to the Divine decrees. Do not worry about worldly matters and do not listen to those who proclaim that they are the 'Christ', for because of deception my children will be lost, admiring the one who, with a lie in his mouth, will lead them down evil paths. Man has touched the pinnacle of contempt, man has dared to pretend to be God, and this is the ruin that has accelerated the moment that will cause the evil decisions of the people who have power over the powerful nations, thus advancing the power of evil over its peoples, food shortages to uncontrollable pests and plagues, diseases that give man no respite, the same man who receives lies from the powerful to put to death the innocent who have not yet been born. My beloved people, the pandemic is accelerating as the ruin of humanity, the elements are undermining the peace of man to react to what is not normal. Pray, my children, pray for Italy; they will suffer. Pray. The volcanoes Vesuvius and Etna will shake their nations. Pray, my children; the bacterium will be a scourge to all mankind. Pray, my children; the earth continues to shake with force. Pray for Chile. Pray for Japan. You must not wait until I ask you to act with a strong desire for change in my constant calls. The desire for change must be born in each of you because it is urgent at this time. You do not have the wisdom to estimate the disasters that are falling on the earth.... listen to my Word, which is life and life in abundance. Do not be afraid, whoever is with me is not against me. I bless you in a special way. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 09 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, you, My children, because you are aware of all that you are experiencing, you will continue on the path, strengthening your faith, and with the help of the Holy Spirit you are guided into all truth and assisted by My Mother, holding Her hand, you will repel the attacks of the evil oppressor. My people are aware of all that is coming.... my people must look up and remember who created all that you see in creation. You owe me honor, power and glory, forever and ever. Beloved people, at this moment the enemy of the soul holds his devilish legions over all mankind, as he has done before in the history of mankind, to deceive.... At this moment, my faithful people share a common feeling, and that is the warning that mankind will suffer from disobedience to my Word. My people feel this. The rest of the people, those who reject me or those who don't take me seriously, look at what the world seems to be like, instead of looking at the harrowing events, and then say, 'life goes on as usual; those who announce that everything will change are wrong, they are deceivers. Saying this, children, is part of the work of evil, to keep you in denial, to keep you lost. I give you my Word with love, and my Mother warns you; but you keep reading or hearing calls from my House, waiting for events to be fulfilled, to react.... You are waiting for proof to react.... children, when the proof appears before you, you will not be able to act like a jury to find a consensual verdict. Although my Mercy is infinite, not everyone will have the blessing of being aware in moments of agony to repent or save themselves from the clutches of Satan, despite the infinity of my Mercy, which does not reject the slightest sign of repentance to embrace my children. My people, misused science generates a new breed as an attempt to surpass Me. It is an abomination what these beings commit against the gift of life, and My Justice will be immediate. You are the generation that the Scriptures foretell, you will witness the fulfillment of the prophecies, just as Noah's generation did. Mankind, you dance, you eat, you drink, you wallow in wickedness... life is despised, betrayals come one after another, signs in the sky abound, but people go on as if nothing happened, as you are witnesses to, some who walked under My Word, and today have given themselves over to darkness, mocking Me, My warnings and calls from My House. Evil is multiplying rapidly, terrorism will wreak havoc; it prowls the whole earth, it brings death. Not fearing My Justice, the haughty and arrogant man will fall to the ground because of his own stupidity. They do not believe in the existence of evil. Thus, they give power to evil to move freely with great intelligence, encroaching on man to despise him and deny My existence. They call sin good, and good calls sin. In this way, evil takes people by surprise, disguised as good, due to the ignorance of humanity, which does not know me. Woe to him who does not warn my children about sin and who does not call sin sin! Woe to him who confuses my people and leads my innocents down paths of error and horror!.... 'Twould have been better if this one had not been born.... The souls faithful to me and my Mother at this time are the spiritual light that compels me to keep looking at the earth, although human creatures are immersed in vices and perversions, in the mafia, in the trade of human life and in scientific progress, which is not my Will. Human beings immersed in iniquity and unbelief are more separated from Me and from everything that concerns the Salvation of the soul. Pray, My children, pray for My Church; false unity is brewing to supplant My Law. Pray, my children, pray; you will hear roars coming from the sea, the evaporation of polluted seawater will rise and fall on land as a foam that man should fear. Pray, my children, pray for Chile; the earth is still trembling. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico; it will suffer. Pray, my children, pray; around the sun you will see a new phenomenon that promises pain for man. My beloved people, the earth trembles from the train of human sin. The earth is speaking to the man who refuses to keep Me in his heart. Lights are increasingly breaking through the earth's atmosphere, causing distress to those who see them. Outer space is attracted to the terrifying sin that abounds on earth. The word will cease to be a word, man and his brothers will not understand each other, everything will be confusion. Good intentions will be considered evil, and rage will stir up deep divisions among the nations in greater conflict. My beloved people, just as the night embraces the light of a new day, man will awaken with a light that will destroy everything in its path, a light that descends because of the attack of the one who before mankind seemed to be asleep, but secretly prepared the attack. The pain and ruin, the cry of humanity, the suffering of my children.... pray, my children, pray for Indonesia; it will suffer in excess. There is so much pain in my Heart because of the denial of my children! My Mother called you, and you rejected her.... my Church has not obeyed Her requests; for this humanity will suffer.... Soon you will face your own sin. Repent! People of pride, heed my call!.... And expect help from My House with faith. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 10 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children, you are prepared to enter the season of Lent. Do not take fasting in vain at this important moment for mankind, and especially for the people of my Son. Children, be aware of the duty of every Christian, of everyone who calls himself my child. It is your duty to accompany my Son during these forty days, penetrating not only the desire in your thoughts and mind, not only in prayer, but to accompany Him in total surrender, as you have never done in previous Lents, given that this Lent is very special. Undertake penance and purification in the right way, so that you can achieve holiness, with all your might, so that you penetrate in the true meaning of this Lent and do not take it lightly, losing sight of this great moment when you can unite with my Son in a special way and regain eternal Salvation. I call you especially to prayer and fasting, to almsgiving and to brotherhood. As I call you to brotherhood, I call each of you to be aware of your position in the world, in every country, in every society, in every nation, to be the voice that is raised to be the light of peace in this troubled situation in which humanity is living one step away from war. Children, remember that prayer and fasting will make you stronger, so that you can overcome the evil inclinations to which the human ego wants to succumb. Beloved children, he who takes up the call to conversion in a special way during Lent is blessed, because he is renewed and purified to become a new creation in my Son. Those who remain in the struggle not to fall in faith are comforted and strengthened by the Holy Spirit to continue on the path to Salvation and liberation; those who have not joined my Son, but during this Lent approach with a 'broken and contrite heart', will be embraced by God's Mercy and guarded in a special way so that their free will does not deviate into evil. My children know that Salvation requires a double effort and constant devotion without limits. Children, enlighten your soul with fraternal unity and spiritual preparation, even if evil takes advantage of this moment, so significant for my children, and shows its infernal claws. Given that fasting is a spiritual light for the soul, you, beloved children, will manage to penetrate the mercy in which my Son immerses all people, enriching them with his Holy Spirit and the gift of his love. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, live attached to the truth, loving the freedom that can only be found by those who are not content with a half-hearted life according to the Gospel, or the rags that imprison them and chain them to deformed practices that are not the Will of my Son. Do not take things from Heaven for granted, do not grow old without taking action and accepting the clarification of the word of my Son and mine to your brothers and sisters to awaken, the word given to our prophet, so that mankind will understand that it is not we who divide man into two parts; it is man, by means of his free will, who chooses the path of righteousness or the path of evil, while the Will of God desires that all men be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth. Renew yourselves, children, so that 'the Way, the Truth and the Life' may be in you fresh oil, new wine, light and salt of the earth. As you begin this holy fast, pray for humanity and for creation, so that it does not look at you with indifference, as it shares the same life with man in the midst of so many sins that you have rejected. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Amen.

February 13 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Word desires to pass through the souls of all human creatures and in this act touch the hardened Heart to soften it.... my children do not understand the impact of human acts and works on all creation. Man by his intention transforms his act into the work of my Son for the benefit of his soul, or he transforms the work into contempt and harms his soul within the framework of his human free will. The human creation accepts knowledge and develops it for good or for evil. What comes from His Heart emanates from man, emanating through his senses and his expressions. He who acts in love, his actions emanate love, and in this way his actions are manifestations that transmit happiness, and not only to those in his immediate environment; each of man's deeds and works expands like air and merges with the deeds of other human creatures, and in this way goodness strengthens and grows, leaving a trace of love in my most needy children. In the universe, everything rotates according to the Divine Will, and therefore according to the charge received. The universe generates motion, and motion transmits force. In turn, man, through his actions and works, conveys the certainty and confidence of his faith, calling on his brethren through constant practice and bearing witness as a true Christian. Children, you deny the power of the Father in you, not only in spirit, but also in flesh! You look, but do not understand that the act of looking is an infinite work in which not only the eye, but also many systems, muscles and nerves participate, and if even one of them, even the smallest, fails, the act of looking is defective. The same thing happens to the people of my Son, one of them fails and many souls perish.... one of them loses his way and many souls lose their way.... For this reason, the responsibility of the child of my Son is infinitely great, do not put your faith in man, but in God. The act of looking entails a force that in turn connects with the other senses, and they complement each other, allowing the brain to have all the information necessary for the whole body to receive the message that the eye conveys, and therefore the human being forms or deforms. It is the same with the mystical body, all must follow the same rhythm, in obedience to the mandates of my Son, so that the force is united, the force repeating acts that strengthen and enhance the mystical body. If the mystical body is divided, harmony with the Divine Will is broken, and the force of the Father's creative act is not repeated; instead, they deform it, each in their thinking. The weakening of the human conscience has weakened faith, intelligence, reason, love, obedience, with which the spiritual organism of man is nourished to attract the brethren and from which the fulfillment of God's Will on earth is fed. Evil possesses intelligence and uses it to divide and attack man through deception. Man has been endowed with intelligence, but man's pride has prevailed over his intelligence and pride uses it for evil or does not use it at all, and intelligence hardens, atrophies due to loss of interest in shaping and information. Evil has captured the heart of man, and this is a very serious matter, children. An insensitive heart is the greatest weapon of evil, because it leads a person to act completely contrary to God's deeds and works. My child may have great intelligence, but if his Heart is empty, he lacks that main ingredient that transforms everything for his good. In these moments man has entered dangerous ground, where he does not reason, but acts manipulated by the impulse of the moment.... Humanity without God is the greatest prey for evil. Man has not sought to enter into the knowledge of his surroundings, so he has remained indifferent to the attacks that this same man has committed against nature, against himself and against the interests he should guard, thus disobeying the mandates he received from the Eternal Father and unleashing the great tribulation in which you are already living and when treaties of peace and unity will arise in the name of interests that will bring evil to mankind, which is the fulfillment of what was written. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, whoever is ashamed of the Cross is ashamed of himself and faces alone the onslaught of worldliness, whose current will not stop the spread of the turbulent ruin of souls. Beloved children, the doom of humanity is unbelief. The more numerous the signs given, the greater will be the rejections of Divine announcements, as after the Great Warning, when people will deny the Warning as a Divine sign. Children, with great sadness for you, my children, I must urge you to protect yourselves, a new disease has been created to cause harm to man, and I will not remain indifferent to it; I will give you, my help. Pray, my children, pray, the enemies of my Son's people are accelerating the misery of my children. Those who abandon my Son's Church are not just a few of my children; likewise, the number of my favorite children - priests - who will be martyred will not be small. The persecution of my Son's people will intensify; my Heart bleeds because of this in the face of mankind filled with the desire to disappear everything that reminds them of my Son, in order to replace it all with satanic signs. The worldly man easily falls prey to the devil, as does the one who considers himself a Christian, but acts like the Pharisees, does not live a dignified life and does not love his neighbors. The down-to-earth man expresses this shamelessly; the hypocrite hides from his brothers and secretly makes pacts with the devil. This, children, weakens you, who live together with creatures who do not give themselves completely to divine works and deeds; instead, they are creatures who shine intermittently and drag you down with false deeds. Therefore, I urge you to know, to be prepared; prophecies and signs must not be unknown to you.... that you analyze every word.... that you ask the Holy Spirit for discernment, so that you can see where the devil is working secretly to prevent you from being completely faithful and to prevent you from fulfilling all that my Son and I ask of you. Satan remains with his boxes full, preparing everything the antichrist will need to dominate my Son's people. Beloved, be truthful, repent, be willing and determined to make the ultimate change; do not be of those who repent and then continue to live a perverse life.... control the human ego, so that it does not fall into the traps that the enemy of souls sets in order to lose my children.... do not forget that man has weakness, which the devil exploits to tempt him and lead him to fall, leading him toward everything that involves sin in the 'lust of the flesh. In this holy season of Lent, in a special way, resist - strong, firm and resolute - against this sin; approach the reception of my Son in the Eucharist. My children, do not rush to accept the actions of a ruler who seems to seek the good of humanity. Don't you remember that the wolf takes on a sheep's skin in order to attract the attention of the world, and then he will attack with all his might? From a small country you will receive news that the war has intensified. Pray, my children, pray for Jamaica; the roar of the earth will herald the awakening of the volcano. Pray, my children, pray; Italy will suffer the fury of nature and suddenly it will be world news because of a terrorist attack from abroad. Pray, my children, pray; the Vatican will suffer. The division will become apparent and some prelates will take what is not in their power. Pray, my children; the weather is plaguing the country in the north. The earth is shaking constantly. Pray; the attractiveness of France will fall before the bewildered gaze of the people; the powers will be held back by fear. Children of my Immaculate Heart, convert; evil multiplies, flourishes everywhere; save the youth with the witness of each of my children. Children, misused science will put mankind on alert, and animals will desperately seek their habitats due to climate change and millions will die in several countries. Man will feel alien to the earth because of so many reactions of the earth against man. The economy is keeping people in turmoil; the economy will collapse and not recover; instead, a new coin will emerge for people to use. Children, do not waste time, do not let these calls, these warnings go unnoticed. Cherish these calls not only in your mind, but also in your heart, and decide to make a radical change, yes, yes! Or no, no! I come to your aid so that the mundane will not crush you or diminish your desire to be better, even if you have to fight the world. My Son calls you to be His, so listen clearly and do not be misled, remember that in the days when the earth will be plunged into darkness, the soul must shine and be a light for your brothers, for those who cry out with a sincere and contrite heart. My children know well that my motherhood is for all people. I love you. Each of my children is a treasure, and I fight to ensure that evil does not steal or open or move the treasure to another place. Do not move away, for the trial of souls is near. Receive my Blessing in a special way in these moments of this special Lent. Sacrifice yourselves, fast, be fraternal and patient, but above all observe the Commandments of God's Law, which call you to unite with God's Will. In Heaven there is 'joy for one sinner who repents', receive my motherly blessing. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 18 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I hold you in my Love, as the sun that shines at its zenith holds you all in its light. The wind blows for all of you. It is the same with my Love, it is given to all without distinction, waiting for my children to want to breathe all that I continually give them without reservation. In My House, everyone is awaited with eternal impatience, so that you may share in the glory received by those who have lived, acting and working in accordance with My Will, fighting for righteousness - that which I have taught you, being imitators of My deeds and works and keeping My Commandments, living the Beatitudes and constantly testifying that I live in you in truth and in spirit. My beloved people, mankind in all moments of history has been led by bad habits and false ideologies, distorting My Will for human convenience. My mystical body has taken the wrong path, although I call upon it through my children, my prophets. You have disregarded my loving warnings and entered the sinful path that surrounds you, because you have abused your free will, thus impoverishing your spiritual relationship with my House, limiting yourself. Evil exists, but evil does not penetrate a person if he is strengthened by faith, hope and love. My Love is a protection for each of my children, it is a magnet that draws you to me, if you seek me and surrender to my Will for me to act and work on you. Children, you must understand that not everything you perceive is intuition, it is my Holy Spirit within you as your surrender leads you to unite and bask in the love I give to each of you. Beloved ones, this moment is complicated for man if he is not properly oriented towards Me, because this moment leads you to perceive the need for 'something' and you devote yourselves to a foolish search. You encounter that which is deformed and accept it, thus failing in spirit, unable to wait for discernment; instead, you act on impulse and act erroneously if you do not discern. A person knows that he has received a soul and a spirit, only he does not know what his own soul is, and he does not penetrate into what his own spirit is. For this reason, right now, there are so many wrong ways of seeking me, and my children think they are good, not so much because of ignorance, but because everything seems to be another irrelevant thing. My children, you are suffering mentally and emotionally when you live in a constant battle with your conscience, which is calling you to return to me and to act and work properly. You do not feel the tense relationship between your conscience and the deformed actions and works of your free will. I desire peace and the good of each of My children. My Mercy is so infinite that you have not been able to draw on it to avoid the evils that attract humanity and which you face without having answers or actions to stop the unpredictable progress of creation. Man's actions are a reflection of his own spiritual disability, which he suffers from the lack of proper guidance and teaching from those who occupy the hierarchy of my Church. My people should not underestimate the consequences for their spirit and for the development of their brethren of their actions. At the moment, humanity is living a chain reaction that is the consequence of evil deeds and works that awaken the creation, which acts. The creation does not react; it acts against those who mercilessly annihilate it and against those who annihilate themselves, man. It is necessary for me to call you at this time in this way, and not in another way.... it is necessary for me to give you knowledge so that you can reason and each one can make a decision to save himself and cooperate with the plan of Salvation for mankind. Children, power struggles are not only about economics, even if economics is a factor, you should not stop watching. The struggles you don't know about go beyond the natural. The great powers of the world have come to undermine the human will, in the same way they undermine nature against my will; and I allow this until man himself laments how far science has taken him when it is used for evil. When you move away from me, you fail to discern and react, failing to set in motion the good will and good feelings you possess. Hence, it follows that at this moment you are seeing man against man. You are spectators of the catastrophe and carnage that my Mother warned you about, and you ignored her. This is the moment of a man who recognizes the evil he has committed.... this is the moment of a man who makes amends for his deeds and works.... this is the moment of a man who asks for forgiveness.... this is the moment of a man who listens to My Word.... I am ignored because they have not been led to a deeper knowledge of me and do not feel me close, but distant.... They have distorted the image of My Mercy, they ignore Me and deny My Justice - which is an act of Infinite Love for My creatures - accepting it as a punishment rather than accepting it as a consequence of human disobedience. My beloved people, man's mental agitation paralyzes the affections and hardens the heart in order to prepare man to act in subordination to evil, which calls for immediate haste, so that the devil may take all his wickedness and spread it throughout the earth to those who rebel against My Merciful Love. Terrorism works ruthlessly to make you afraid. This is the weapon of the antichrist to frighten my people who lack faith. My children, pray, terrorism will present itself, agitating with repression the nations that do not know this weapon of evil. My children, pray, the earth is following its course and repelling those who harm it by polluting it with nuclear energy. Pray for Turkey, Syria and Russia. My children, pray for the United States; it is accelerating tragedy for its people. Pray; the earth is shaking and the water is not giving a truce. Pray, my children, for Russia; it will suffer at the hands of nature. Pray, my children; the awakening of the volcanoes will be astonishing to you. Europe has been invaded. Just as the sea water undermines the sand without noticing it, so Europe has been invaded; the invader remains inside. You, my people, do not reverse my Law; love my Mother, just as the day respects the sun and the night respects the moon. A wolf in sheep's clothing leaves traces of its deeds. Be precautious and attentive to conversion before you judge yourselves. I love all my children. Not all religions that man has put into practice are faithful to Me, not all follow the Commandments, which are the revealed truth of My Father's mercy towards His children. My Church is that which acts and works in the Will of God. For the one who faithfully fulfills all mandates without prematureness, disputes or compromise, my Truth is my Truth, just as my Love is my Love, the only one, unfathomable, impenetrable, infinite, the same yesterday, today and forever. My Church calls evil, evil; and calls that which is wrong, wrong. My Church is led by Me; it does not submit to human interests. Pray, children, for Central America. My beloved people, I remain with you, do not argue further. You are my children, you are not your own god. I am your God, whether you want it or not! Do not be afraid, I will never abandon you. In the face of injustice, I will send my angels to help you in the same way they have helped and are helping those who are faithful to me. My Love surpasses everything, from weakness to ignorance, if only you choose to surrender to Me. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 24, 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I comfort you with my Love; in it will unite all human creatures who, desiring to transcend humanity, tirelessly seek justice in my Truth and in my Church. Eternal life is my children's reward when they break down the walls of the human ego and free themselves from worldly oppression, so that I may be all in them. I urge you to pay attention to everything you do. Children, evil no longer prowls, no longer prowls; evil has taken root, it attacks my people constantly, so that those who think they are good will fall, and those who try to be good will fail. My children are those who tear down people's walls and surrender - without hesitation, without thinking - carrying their personal Cross, and sometimes other Crosses placed on them by their brothers. My children are aware that my Cross is love, and the heavier it is for them humanly, the lighter it is spiritually. What they see with human eyes seems distant and difficult to reach and bear; what they see with the eyes of the soul is light and turns into joy. Pay attention, because righteousness can be tainted with evil. Precisely because it is good, it can become less good when it enters dangerous territory. You, my children, must grow and deepen your knowledge and practice of my deeds and works, so that you may be a witness to my deeds and works, and so that you may not be deceived or led down paths other than those of our Will. My beloved ones, you should minimize the action of evil that spreads throughout humanity, unnoticed by man. Evil destroys the good and thus proceeds to demolish those who prove spiritually weak, without solid faith. This is the reason for the insistent call that you must pay attention to. Strengthen your faith so that you are strong, firm and resolute; overthrow the human ego by being increasingly humble. He who is humble is the joy of my House; he who is humble allows his brother who is not in my way to know me, so that he may love me. He who is humble is not a hindrance to others, but is a constant mirror of love, mercy and good intentions. Good will always triumph over evil, even if the human will, wanting to abuse free will, decides to reverse my divine plan. Many of My children have brought imperfections to the order that My House maintains at creation. This man will find My Justice swift and sure, stopping the destruction that the evil inclinations of ambitious man are determined to cause. My beloved people, during the season of Lent, when My children are invited to repent, evil redoubles its attacks, and you must remain prepared so that you will not be defeated during this very special Lenten season that you are experiencing. The manifestations of evil are being felt all over the earth, and they are growing stronger every moment. My children will not live in the peace of the past, nature is showing man its power and its discontent with the deeds and works that have flogged it. Regions on earth where there are nuclear power plants will be shaken, and these movements will agitate the waters. Man does not realize the magnitude of the destruction he has caused until he sees himself and his brethren in the most severe condition ever devised. My beloved people, be alert to the wave of gossip that persecutes My Church. Find Me in the Body and Blood in the Eucharist, pray the Holy Rosary, fulfill the Beatitudes and be proclaimers of the testimony of My Will. Beloved children, faith must grow, otherwise the enemy of souls will cause you to stumble and separate you from Me. I, as God, foresee events. Therefore, I call you to be true, and not to live a personal and hypocritical faith; I have called you to be part of my fold, which you cannot enter unless you have discovered that love is the source of grace and virtue. Pray, my children, pray; the United States will suffer when it is unexpectedly attacked. Pray; nature continues unbroken; India will be news; the earth will be shaken with great force next to New Zealand. Pray, my children, pray; Turkey will be world news, the hand of war will seize it. Pray, my children, pray; my Church is led by those who do not love it, do not respect it, and I suffer because of it. My beloved people, man's security remains in the power of arms, because he uses them to intimidate his brothers. The god of man, the economy, falls to the ground, because it is necessary for them to turn around to look at me. But they will not; instead, they will lash out at those who sell them lies and lead them to suffer more than necessary. My well-known children are lost because they separate themselves from my true teaching. By means of false deceptions, they will create euphoria in mankind, which does not distinguish between what is true and what is diabolical. Rome will burn; the truth will come to light. Beloved ones, this moment is a moment of purification, and in the midst of this my true children will be tried like gold in a crucible. My Church is not completely faithful to me; a veil of mediocrity covers it, causing confusion in my people. I urge you to be more spiritual; do not be worldly; in that which is worldly and sinful, sin abounds. Do not trump sin with your elbows; you have a weak faith in which you do not discern and let your impulses carry you away. Beloved children, my temples are desecrated time and again, my temples are used as entertainment centers where they preach my Word and satisfy the enemy of souls with mundane activities. My Sacred Heart is constantly being wounded, the madness of the world is quickly overwhelming my people, they make me live - again and again - on the road to Calvary. My people, you do not yet understand the gravity of this moment, and you are wandering in trivial or individual matters, not taking into account that a moment is not a moment, and my children must strengthen themselves in faith in order not to fail. None of my children will come to me without the path of repentance, without practicing Christian virtues, without striving to live according to my Will. You must walk away from sin, it is not good for the soul; but man continues to commune with sin, and this has led him to consider what is evil as good, it has led him to agree with what is not my sound teaching; it has led man to consider it good that my children are lenient towards other ideologies, thus ensuring the continuation of evil in the bosom of my Church. The poverty and humility of my children, the priests, are the hallmarks of being my followers. They savor and desire to live like me and do the will of my Father who is in heaven. My people, strange figures and colors will appear in the sky; some will be the result of man-made damage from testing bombs in the sea; others will be given as warnings to my children. Act justly, honestly, so that the rottenness of human power does not touch you; you are my people and I love you; my Love will purify you from greater evil. Discern!... I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my peace, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 28 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I seek the love of my children and find it only in a few.... You have separated yourselves from the love of my Son and your heart has been emptied. Children, you are in the generation of the fulfillment of the prophecies that I have handed down around the world at different times. Mankind does not see the geomagnetic changes that the earth constantly presents. The poles are undergoing great changes that affect humanity, announcing to man that in order to change his actions and works, he must unite with his God and Lord. Nothing happens if this is not the call of humanity to the Salvation of the soul. The seas will roar, and you, my children, will seek the source of that sound. Then you will see the waves of the sea rise and go inland with phenomena that have never been seen before, and they are not exactly waters. Not all is misfortune for those who remain on the path of truth. This generation has abandoned the truth, and for this reason, when you least expect it, my Son will come for his children and.... What will he find: cities at war, pain and constant suffering.... Destruction and famine, because when they talk about peace, that's when war will be closest to man. Peace is a necessary means for nations, but not this peace contrived by interests so that at the minimum moment, like predatory wolves, they will lash out violently at each other, annihilating millions of human beings. Man ignores so much about creation that when he rebels, every creature will be surprised by the magnificence of God the Father and will see with horror and horror how he has polluted the perfection of the divine creation. Science has helped man with discoveries that have made it easier for him to face the vicissitudes of life; but at the same time, science has been used for evil and is responsible for great hecatombas at various stages of humanity. You have lived in the midst of slanderous human beings who have led man to cruel sufferings. At this moment, the powers are uniting to make way for the true antichrist, who will sow terror in mankind if they do not become his allies. My children, do not forget that at this moment families will be divided and will turn against each other for their sustenance. This is not an accident, humanity has been led to this, to detachment, to disobedience, to disrespect, to denial, to disrespect, to living the moment without thinking of God. Parents lament their children's disobedience without thinking about the fact that all their lives they have given their children not what they need, but what is their whim. In this way, young people gain power gradually until they achieve control over their parents and elders. This is the youth who have ceased to love, replacing love with a moment without feelings, not recognizing in themselves and their brothers the brotherhood called for by my Son. The young isolate themselves, and in this frantic race to isolation they want to live in solitude, because in solitude one does not need to make efforts to be better; instead, one can give free rein to the human ego. By not sharing with others, the young become dehumanized when they don't want to interact with someone who requires effort, someone to whom they have to cede space, time, place. This is what is brought up in homes where there is no communication. Love is not the focus and is not a matter of effort for the one who says: 'this is who I am,' and this is the answer to everything that happens to him in life. A lonely man will more easily become a persecutor of his brothers. What is in the heart of man? Anxiety immediately ... My Son is despised.... He who gave himself out of love is despised! ... entrusted to Him to fulfill the Will of the Father, and what will man answer to the question of how He acted with all that was given to Him? Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, at all times the prophets have managed to reach the children of God with the Word of God, and at this moment the explanation of the events that are happening in the world is an act of Infinite Mercy for this generation, a generation that has deviated from the Divine Plan of Salvation, a generation that, overwhelmed by the lust for possessions, has joined everything that is mundane and exists to degrade man, to degrade him and make him part of those who believe in a limited God, who is unable to transform evil into good with a single breath of His mouth. Beloved ones, you have not understood that the true prophet, because of the Divine Light that permeates him, does not need human understanding, but gives and gives all that he receives from the Most High. Revelation is given to man as knowledge of what man could never learn ahead of time, and is given to man to prepare himself, not only on the physical plane, but also on the spiritual plane. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, delve into that inner peace in which you find yourself alone with God, and do not go on through life as if there were no other moments in which the path, however difficult, can be cleansed and blessed. Man, of himself, would not draw near to God if God did not draw man to Himself. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, hear my requests. I do not want you to hear them when it is already late. It has been prophesied that evil will overtake mankind with modernism, music, games, disobedience, hunger, violence, war, plagues.... and my Son warns you, prepare now, do not leave it for another moment. You know that there is life in you because you are breathing, but my Son does not want that kind of life, He wants total surrender and that is what you must focus on. Little children, the suffering of humanity will not remain in what it is living at the moment, the suffering of humanity will progress. Evil wants to exterminate you, and my children do not notice this.... nature is giving you important signs, and my children do not notice it.... volcanoes are waking up, and humanity ignores it. Only when the great volcanoes of the world erupt with the force they harbor and raze entire cities to the ground, and thus hasten the darkness of night, only then will mankind be able to feel some respect for the Warnings Heaven has sent him. Dehumanized humanity is wandering, looking at itself.... the worship of Satan has aroused the forces of evil so that embers will enter the earth, causing great fires over which man cannot control. Children of my Immaculate Heart, what is coming for mankind is not encouraging for those who do not keep hope in Divine Love and Mercy. Soon there will be betrayals among those who have signed peace, and this will initiate, with even greater foolishness, attacks against those who believe in peace. It pains me to see the treachery into which humanity will fall, treachery caused by Freemasonry, which rules everything it can on earth and has taken over the world government without some governments noticing. Children, don't be part of those who contribute to the new economic growth that the devil has designed. Some of those who participate in the Bilderberg club and those who are their servile offspring are secularists from the Church of my Son; they are the ones who are hurting this generation and making it suffer relentlessly, and when the antichrist is in power, these powerful ones will be cast aside because of the laws they gave to the antichrist. Children, wake up! Save your souls! Come to me; I comfort you to live in the truth. Beloved children, pray, my children, pray for Spain; it will fall victim to the panic; nature touches it with a firm hand. Pray, my children, pray for Turkey; war remains over that homeland, making immediate progress. Pray, my children, pray for India; it will not be able to resist the scourge. Pray, my children, pray with strength for England; it will be shaken by hatred. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son holds you in the palm of His hand so that you will not fall prey to Satan; He is returning accompanied by heavenly powers to be the conquering King. The heavens will open and there will not be a being on earth who will not tremble at the sight of the majesty of the heavenly powers that will accompany Him. They will sing joyfully as no man has ever heard, and those who recognize Him will fall to their knees before such glory. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, there will be celebration and joy in the world who will recognize their Lord.... but before that, there will precede this creature, a creature who will seem young to the world, but when he speaks, they will know that he is the man and that whatever comes out of his mouth is more than worldly, and faith will return to my children. I love you from the bottom of my heart. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 01 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, as the faithful Mother and Advocate of mankind, I protect the people of my Son in my Love. The entrance of each of you on the path of justice depends on the human freedom with which you act and how you accept the requests of the House of the Father. Obedience and sacrifice are for justice. Keeping my Son, not as a priority, but as a strategy for the time when you will need help, is an inconsistency, because everyone receives according to the measure with which he acts and works in God's Will. My children are not selfless, they do not live half-heartedly.... they are those who strive without excuses, they are those who give everything for the Divine All. Beloved children, do not forget that my Son is coming to separate the wheat from the weeds.... You are the wheat, and the responsibility within the framework of brotherly love is to work in the field of Divine Love so that souls are not lost. Children, you will accomplish this by bearing witness through action and work with a smile or a good response, because indifference, lack of love and pride repel your brothers, because these qualities do not come from the soul, which remains on the path to eternal life. Everyone has his own spiritual path, which he must take care of and nurture. Man's progress depends on spiritual progress. My beloved ones, lack of love and indifference are destroying this generation. At this time, it is necessary for you to be vigilant and in inner silence, to hear the voice of your conscience, which guides you and constantly tells you whether you are acting righteously, or on the contrary, you disregard this guidance and sacrifice yourself to offend your brothers, to treat them badly, to be jealous, which is a cancer to the soul. There are those who sacrifice themselves to hurt their brothers, and when they read these words, they feel that these words are not for them, and because they do not take responsibility for this, they continue their lives in the same way, without radical changes that would lead them to accept my Son. At the moment, the forces of evil are working hard to dissuade the people of My Son from the true path, because they know that the coming events will prompt some people to react for the good. Human godlessness stems from the automatism of man, who, for lack of knowledge and to avoid thinking, allows himself to be drawn by the current of the world, leading him to adopt all ideologies and make them his own. The masses grow by the power of people without conscience, and man acts in response, reacting to what he sees, without reasoning, without using intelligence, without love for his fellow human beings; in this way he transforms himself into an unknowable being who does not appear to be a creature of God. The creature goes into convulsions; it does not recognize the man, because his actions are wrong and irresponsible. The creation is agitated and disturbed by the reaction of the actions of evil and the stingy response of good in man. Mankind ignores the fact that all its deeds and works have an impact on the environment and like a plague contaminate everything around it, which violates the natural order of creation, and so creation turns against man. Man's hand has not measured the consequences of everything he has transformed with his excessive and uncontrolled actions, through which he comes to build his own punishment. Pray, my children, pray for the Middle East, pray for Turkey, it will be darkness. Pray, my children, pray for Indonesia; it will suffer on a grand scale. Pray, my children, pray for Japan and Chile; nature will flog them. Pray, my children, pray; nature will not give a truce; the United States will suffer. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my pain is over all that you suffer, it is constant; a new plague is approaching humanity with even greater force. The powerful of this world are controlling mankind, causing wars to reduce the world's population, and they will have no qualms in doing so. My Son's Church continues to be attacked by the Freemasons, who are ruthlessly working and will work to create one unified world religion, to banish Christianity to make way for one religion. My children, in this special season of Lent, you continue, without pushing away the deeds and works with which you satisfy your senses, your tastes, worldly pleasures, and are incapable of making a sacrifice to rectify your own sins and those of all mankind. Man is so deeply entrenched in his habits that he loses the ability to control himself and restrain himself because of what has become habit and because of personal desires. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, man will not achieve the Will of God by acting with deeds so worldly. Be willing and ready to make the decision to change, otherwise it will not be possible to move away from what is mundane and sinful, and you will be less likely to rise spiritually. To survive, this humanity must be love, grow in love, feed on love.... Humanity will face the consequences of its disobedience and irresponsibility; humanity will be disturbed and distraught by the global announcement, which will put all human beings under tension. Look up, the coming events are foretold. Volcanoes are waking up and their behavior will be unusual. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must know that prayer must be accompanied by actions and works in accordance with the Will of God. A true Christian is one who obeys God's Law and shows himself as he is. Those who are in good health suggest fasting; those who are not in good health suggest abstaining from things other than food. Fasting and abstinence help the spirit and direct a person to detach from his own ego and open to the Holy Spirit. Children of my Immaculate Heart, I promise my help to those who are obedient to requests from Heaven. Call upon me: 'Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived'. The devil and his henchmen tempt the man who is guided by free will, and therefore will easily fall prey to evil. But he who resists and wants to please and fulfill the requests of my Son is guarded to repel the assaults of evil with greater strength. Lent reminds man of the gift of my Son, of the Father's love for mankind, and of the blood of the righteous that redeems mankind. Evil will remind people that with blood it annihilates life, but it will not annihilate the souls of the righteous. The wise of this world cannot understand that nothing is impossible for my Son and that God's Teaching surpasses human theory. My Son perplexes the scholars of this world and is a light to the humble and simple with broken and contrite hearts. Beloved, you who are willing will comfort one another. Nuclear energy is used to intimidate one another. Could it be that nuclear energy has already been surpassed by inventions that are not yet known? Man is attracting his own scourge.... Come, children, come to me; I intercede before my Son. The struggle of this moment will intensify, but I am with my children and my hand will not leave you unprotected. Fulfill what my Son asks of you, and I will hold your hand. Pray the Holy Rosary, meditating on what you say. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 06 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My peace is with you and My blessings are for each of you. I am in all mine, forever, I carry you in my hands. My Word is eternal, powerful and true, so that those who are humble will understand. My beloved people, in the truth of My Word and in its fulfillment every creature grows in faith. I am unchanging, I do not change with the times. It is the duty of each of My children to obey My commands; for some there are no rules and for others there are not; for some there are no Commandments and for others there are not. Children, the human ego is strong; once it takes possession of a creature, it does not abandon it, unless a person decides to put up a strong fight against his ego and defeats it with sacrifice, prayer, fasting, perseverance, peace, humility and determination; otherwise the ego will take root in the creature and pollute all the senses. Beloved, if everyone seeks personal truth, more will be lost. Man tends to what is direct and human, clinging to worldly matters. And mankind has given itself over to the enemy of souls, who drags human creatures to perdition. There are so few who listen to me, and so many I want to save! I constantly call on you to be wise, and my children ignore how to be wise in spirit. They think that wisdom is only knowledge. They ignore that wisdom is also the relentless search for eternal Salvation, when all effort is directed toward Me, and the human 'I' fades away - because it diminishes, because it no longer finds nourishment - and I take the helm of the soul and guide it in My Truth, so that it finds joy in all situations of life. My beloved people, you claim to know My Word, to be faithful Christians who obey My Will, but in the midst of Mine you attack one another, as if the burdens you voluntarily impose on yourselves of your own free will were not enough. And how you suffer from those who call yourselves scholars and experts in my Love! Children, do not look for dates, trying to know time. Dive deeper and really look at yourselves.... radical change in each of you is urgent. What is good according to you may not be my Will. All of you - absolutely all of you - must look at yourselves and change in order to come closer to Me and bear witness to your brothers. My House wants hearts that are willing and ready to testify to my Love, to my Truth; hearts that know my Word and are ready to abide in it. At this moment, mankind considers evil deeds and works as good conduct; this is one more sign that you are not walking in obedience to my Will, that you are not examples of my Love, but have condemned yourselves to drift on the rough sea of debauchery to which the power of evil has led you. Man's decadence is visible not only on the outside, on his body, but the outside is also a witness, and what he lives inside comes out from the inside. Driven by the evil oppressor of souls, people do not satisfy their desire by snatching the gift of life from their brethren; they desire more and more violence, more immorality, more drug addiction, more agitation, more confrontation and more cruelty. The devil has inspired man with sin and muddled the human mind, thinking and reason, so that mankind will repeat the sins of devils. I urge you, I don't want you to remain dormant, I don't want a single soul to perish, I want everyone to be saved, but you won't succeed unless you decide to correct the evil committed, and the first evil is the abuse of the human ego. My beloved people, the convulsions of humanity are agitating the creation, the waters of the seas will rise unexpectedly with greater frequency, hurling themselves upon the earth and causing the death of those who are mine. Volcanoes are an expression of the oppression of human souls. Volcanoes erupt... slumbering volcanoes are awakening, not in cycles, as people say, but in order to lead humanity to turn its eyes toward Me, and then to see the need to recognize Me as their Lord. Pray, my children, pray for China; it will suffer an attack and its land will be shaken, unleashing fury. Pray for Chile; the earth is being agitated with force from its bowels. Ask my Mother for help in the Holy Rosary. Pray; the United States will mourn over its land with the power it has usurped; terrorism will cause great tribulation and its land will shake. Pray; nuclear energy is causing in man what man did not ask for, disease and unprecedented contamination that is spreading throughout the earth. Pray for Colombia; my people are suffering from nature and violence. My beloved people, I give myself for each of you, and you look to me devoid of feeling, without conscience, because conscience has been darkened by sin. I am waiting for you, but I am watching you move away. You do not love me properly; you love me with false religiosity; you love me with repeated prayers that you do not live in your heart. My poor people! You have not been taught to love me! My Church in its hierarchy should care for souls, not mislead them to be lost. The law is one, there are no shortcuts, only one way leads to me and it is written. My people are lost without stopping; with applause they give themselves over to error, and no one stops them. He who acts outside My Law must change his course, reconcile with Me and resume the true path. I do not reject the repentant sinner, but I am not a God who is lenient towards that which is contrary to My Law. My children, I see you seeking Me and being held back by some of My priests.... I see some of My children going to My priests, seeking guidance to My Mother, seeking guidance to My House, but being stopped.... I see my people go astray, and because of this, they are kidnapped by evil - without the evil revealing itself - and then, once they are in its clutches, my people lose the strength they need to return to me. Way... My priests must love my Mother. I am the Son of the Blessed Virgin Mary, I am not a son without a Mother. Devote yourselves to the protection of my Mother, devote yourselves to Her Immaculate Heart. My beloved people, those who defend Communism will be astonished. Spreading to all continents, communism has turned humanity into masses, instilling fear from which there is no chance of escape. The confrontation continues and moves forward, in words and deeds. Communism in sheep's clothing will teach humanity a harsh lesson. Russia hides those who are not afraid to take the lives of my children, and the United States, in order not to fall, feeds those who are not afraid to kill the innocent. Beloved children, do not point when you ignore what I know. Do not act like unbelieving fools. The suffering of mankind does not justify those who call themselves scholars; darkness will prevail on earth, and those who live in sin will not see the light because of the darkness that will envelop everything in the midst of the fire that will come down from on high. My beloved people, strive to be better at all times, be faithful to Me and love My Mother. Do not disregard my calls. In this fast I have called upon mankind to break the patterns of mundanity and to come closer to Me before suffering. Human gods are falling, and the hopelessness of those who live without me will be a total lament. Science without conscience appears aggressively on the scene. I do not reject the repentant sinner; remember that I am not a God of spectacles; I am a God of Love, peace, truth, hope and mercy. Come to me, all of you who are tired, desperate, all of you who feel attacked or hated, all of you who are wronged, slandered, come to me, I am Love. I am the light of the world. I bless you. Listen and make life by My Word. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 12 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I appear every now and then to my people, and they do not recognize me. I give myself to my own, and they do not receive me. Great is My Mercy that I give without expecting a response from My people, who prove to be strangers to My Divine Love. Beloved children, you are the treasure of My self-giving. My Sacred Heart is full of blessings and I pour them out on my own. Some receive them, others despise them. But I give Myself equally to all mankind, just as the sun gives its light equally to all. My children are love, each of them knows that they live in God's Will, each has our love in the same proportion, so that at some point in their lives they reflect the precious content of our love. My Love - present in those who are mine - motivates them to constantly seek my Truth, not for personal satisfaction, but because the more they know me, the greater is our union, which rises united with my suffering and my joy. Children, what is human is overshadowed by the fervor of the soul that seeks me, because the soul wants to taste more of the Divine than the human. And this is not because what is human is wrong, but because the deformed human ego tends to act more on free will and tends to move away from me. I want my people to yearn to seek knowledge, to be concerned about fully finding my Love and to taste obedience to my requests. My people are those who love to abide at My side, but even more, they love to give themselves to Me with their souls, abilities and senses, and I, as a beggar of love, fall in love with the soul that seeks, calls and recognizes Me. My people, I encourage you once again to nourish your love for Me by renewing your consecration to My Heart. I call you to bear witness to my Love, so that in the fraternity in which you are called to live, every human creature may find joy in giving without expectation of receiving. In view of the imminent arrival of the deceiver, I warn each of you so that your longing for My House will prompt you to remain aware and vigilant, so that you will not be deceived. The imposter is coming to usurp what is mine, and you are called to be responsible for your personal actions and works, not letting confusion stop you, not letting anguish take hold of you. This is called faith. I warn you, repent, lest you lose eternal life. Do not act unreasonably in trying to save what is material. That which is material is water leaking through the fingers of your hands. My beloved ones, a large part of humanity is immersed in a constant offensive against My Sacred Heart, making it bleed. The rage in mankind is growing rapidly. Inhumane acts are committed for the sake of pleasure, because my children, distancing themselves from me, feel they own the world and forget about me completely. This has allowed evil to drive them to commit abominations against life itself. My people make me wait for the human will, which does not want to live as I command. Everyone is watching events, but only some are reacting. I suffer from the passivity of My Church. Children, you are wanderers in your own land, seeking refuge in foreign places, where some will be sent to the battlefield and others will betray the One who took them in. Man ceased to be human when he became dehumanized, rejoicing in his brother's pain. Although mankind is plunged into wickedness, I do not abandon My people. The vintage is near and I will separate the wheat from the weeds. How much love do you have in your heart? Can it be the same one you receive from Me? My beloved ones, remain in a state of readiness, the Third World War has not been forgotten. It pains me to speak this truth, my Love warns you not to fall into the clutches of the deceiver. You are my people, and each of you should pray with your heart, with all your mind, authorities and senses, taking seriously the possibility of taking part in my goods, which I will not pass on to those who have not dedicated themselves to my House. The earth trembles at the wickedness of this moment. Pray for England; it will suffer at the treacherous hand of man. Pray, my children; where the sun was, it will be cold, and where it is cold, the sun will prevail. Pray, my children, pray. Man is already deciding his death. What else will he create to offend me? Pray for Mexico; it will suffer; violence will reemerge and nature will respond. Pray, my children; the earth is moving with great force. Purification will come for all mankind without expectation. Terror will engulf the earth; the day will be dark because of so many tears shed. My Mother will wipe the face of my suffering people. The great discovery will give new strength and energy to this civilization, but after announcing this, they will embrace evil through misused science and follow the path of pain, suffering and wickedness. My beloved people, economic power sponsors evil, and evil will make the economy collapse to drive people to despair. Children, do not put your hopes in the metal god; he is falling and will not rise again. The anguish of those who do not put their hope in me will be endless. My people, Puerto Rico will suffer; because it is the land of my Mother, it is the land of blessing and my Mother will rescue it from the water. My people, you will yearn for the peace you have despised; mankind will live in anguish because of the constant threats of one from another, until those threats materialize into a desperate truth. The heart of man drives me away, and evil takes my place with man's acquiescence. Be attentive! Hunger is approaching, causing despair in the midst of the pestilence that advances without letting you know the truth. Children, come to know me so that you will be strengthened by my Spirit, and so that you will unite, forming one protective wall against unbridled anger, against unprecedented hunger, against incurable diseases that science cannot explain because it has no answers. For this reason, cherish the cures that my Mother reveals to you. My beloved people, the day is turning into night, do not distance yourselves from Me. To look inward is a blessing. A great warning is coming and you will be tested. Do not disregard my calls. Repent! Your brothers laugh at you, but do not forget that those who despise my warnings perish in the same wickedness that repeatedly silences man, but never before as at this moment. My word says: 'for at that time there will be great suffering, such as there has not been since the beginning of the world until now, there is not and never will be. do not disregard my calls, be vigilant. In the end my people will be free from all evil, and I will be their God. Do not be afraid, I remain with my people. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 13 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, come to my Heart; in it you will find protection and strength to continue to fulfill the tasks of my most beloved Son. Children, invoke the Holy Spirit, whom you have forgotten. Ask for the gift of discernment and act justly. Do not neglect faith, feed it constantly, be children of a pure heart. For this you must live away from sin and more united with my Son. At this time, a true Christian must persist in spiritual growth, so that he does not live from afar what he should live intensely and very close to himself.... I watch with pain as the enemies of the Church of my Son grow.... I see how ungodly hands touch Him, how ungodly hands and tongues receive Him.... The people of my Son are being led to confusion, and through confusion to the perdition of souls. I look upon the earth with pain; desolation makes the earth more barren through the same barrenness of hearts that claim to belong to the Church, but despise my Son and embrace the devil. They erect great statues and worship them, attracting all the evil they should reject, and thus hasten the coming of the antichrist and the great persecution of the faithful Church. With each passing moment, everything seems to be sinking further and further because of human indifference. The entire creation rebels with great force against the man who wants to eradicate it. Malice flows like foam, intensifies in childhood to deprive children of their innocence in order to increase the number of evil ones. In this way, the demons achieve greater power over mankind, nullifying faith in my Son, love for neighbors and mercy. Beloved children, be strong in the face of the deceptions you receive, in the face of the indifferent treatment by your brothers and sisters, and in the face of the power that evil has attained and will increase as the moment progresses. Beloved ones, dangerous rifts are coming among My Son's people, as well as among the clergy. My faithful children will be slandered for not obeying the Holy Scriptures. Heresies will spread under the cover of the immorality in which mankind lives, under the cover of Freemasonry, which has been allowed to operate freely in My Son's Church, infiltrating all classes of society and establishing a serious control over the youngest, drawing the youth to rebel against God and to accept what is worldly as natural. Mankind does not know that the devil rejoices when he takes away the innocence of young children and leads youth to despise my Divine Son.... beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this coming Holy Week must be dedicated to meditation, in the midst of acts contrary to brotherly love and faith, acts that will spread throughout the earth with revolutions in countries where man is considered a thing and not a worthy son of God. My Son is Mercy, but Divine Justice cannot be overlooked in the face of the constant calls that mankind receives, so that people will not be indifferent to Divine love, to Divine truth and to so many souls who are lost and apostate because of the freedom with which evil acts against the people of my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, peace will not be completely alive until the mud of evil stains what is most holy, a freedom that will not be true freedom, but a semblance of it, until the poison of antichrist is driven from the earth. Beloved children, there will be war; the great bloodshed of my children will exceed all expectations; the atmosphere will be filthy because of the devils who fill it with so much of their impurity that it will fall to earth with all its filth and all the demonic freedom that the Heart of Man attracts with its impiety and rejection of all that is divine. The devil is already being honored and this evil is growing, this evil that corrodes hearts until it comes to the elevation of man in order to banish from the earth everything that could remind man of God. Children, man thirsts for power and in order to secure it, he will wage wars, hiding the true goal of communism at this time, the rule over the nations. There will be spreading horrors - such as those at the moment - under the protection of those who hide the wolf in sheep's clothing, who shield and arm the rebels, who are beginning to reveal themselves - and will continue to reveal themselves - all over the earth, bringing terror, tension, uncertainty and insecurity to the people of the world, thus preparing the arrival of the false liberator, whom mankind will accept because of its great ignorance. Just as mankind will disavow the two witnesses and inflict death on them.... such will be the slow acceptance of the Angel of Peace whom my Son will send to guide his people and liberate them from the clutches of the antichrist. My children are stubborn and accept only what suits them to know; they do not delve into what awaits them; this would save them from confusion. At this point, prayer is necessary. It is necessary to pray the Holy Rosary; awareness of the Eucharist is necessary so that souls are not condemned because of ignorance; it is necessary to practice the Commandments and works of mercy, and to be a living witness to the deeds and works of my Son. Pray, my children, pray for the United States; it will continue to be flogged by nature, and its people will be agitated and stir up protests. Pray, my children, for Argentina; it will be agitated by its inhabitants, and nature will be merciless. Pray, my children; Thailand will suffer the fury of nature; Indonesia will be surprised by the eruptions of most of its volcanoes. Pray for Colombia; it will not find peace. Beloved ones, abide in the unity of the Holy Trinity, praying for one another, being active for one another, all aware of the good you bring to your brothers, and the good you do not allow your brothers to participate in, when you seek only your own personal Salvation. Look to the mountain, the signs do not end, examine yourselves and be transformed, be reconciled to my Son. In these days that are coming up in Holy Week, unite yourselves with the Father's House as never before. I bless you and give you my loving hand. I intercede for you. I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 16 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, from moment to moment I bless you to strengthen the faith in each of you. Evil has spread all over the earth, attacking man, mainly his senses, to make them act against God's Will. All the angelic legions are on earth, attentive to the call of each of you. Do not forget that asking for help, asking for Divine assistance - the intercession of the saints, the help of your traveling companions and their intercession - will strengthen you in this such a cruel moment that all of humanity is experiencing. There are so many detractors who scoff at my Son's calls and my calls at this moment, when they hear peace being spoken! They forget the words of my Son spoken by St. Paul, when they feel peaceful and secure, then sudden destruction will come upon them. False peace is in the hands of power. Do not put your hope in that which is not lasting. You go forward, attentive and vigilant, preparing, especially spiritually. You must move from prayer through repetition of words, to prayer through conversation with God, to meditation. And this is because, because of the coming strong moments, my children need to meditate on every word they pray, in order to find shelter, strength, help, nourishment, along with faith and confidence that, through every prayer that is considered, faith will grow in every human creature. Right now, some of my children are being persecuted by the same brothers and sisters in their immediate vicinity. Rejoice and rejoice, for this is a sign and signal that my Son is leading you on His way because of the speed and closeness of the events I have announced to you at this time. At this time, when behind the backs of humanity the deceiver is preparing for a fierce attack on the people of my Son, he wants to make the children of my Son deviate, leading them to focus all their attention on a false peace. Children, do not forget that the wolf will be a wolf and will persecute all the true children of my Son, will torment them, and they will have to take refuge and live united to protect and shelter each other. Some will remain at a distance, but in bloody moments they will miss their brothers. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the new pestilence is coming fast. Use the means of nature that I have given you, with confidence and faith. Do not forget that unity is essential - unity among you and unity with the house of my Son. Those who are persecuting you at the moment are pushing you faster toward true unity with my Son. Given the coming events, the children of my Son cannot live half-heartedly. You know that you must be faithful, just and merciful, and you must decide to say 'Yes! Yes! to my Son, or no! No, because the lukewarm will be spit out of the Divine Mouth. Events alone will separate the wheat from the weeds. Evil has infiltrated humanity, and people have opened the doors of their homes so that misused technology will take a place of honor in them. Through misused technology, the minds, thoughts, consciousness and subconscious of my children have been intoxicated with deadly venom. At this moment, when you know this, you must decide to replace the place of technology and give it to the altar of love for my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not underestimate the signs and signals of this moment, do not rejoice in false rumors of peace. You know how evil works, deceiving, lying and showing another face, which is not the true face. My beloved, terrorism is advancing; pray for France. Pray, beloved children, for Ecuador; nature will flog it. Pray, my beloved ones, for Nicaragua; it will suffer, its land will be shaken. The cleansing of the United States continues; pray for this land of mine. Look on high, look on high, my children! My Son will show you ahead of time the events you know well, a sign of mercy. Abide in peace with my Son. Constantly ask for the help of the Holy Spirit, so that you may discern correctly. Do not be of those who flee in suffering at the first attempt. My Son's people are brave because they traveled the road to Calvary with my Son. You must live this coming Holy Week in a holy way. At no time will you walk alone, because my Son lives in each of you, and I am constantly coming to you to show you the right way. Awaken your spiritual senses, because with lukewarm faith you will not be able to overcome persecution.... Awaken your spiritual senses, meditate and delve into every word that you say during prayer; do not be of those who, in order to obey, pray hurriedly, for you offend my Son when you pray to fulfill an obligation. Pray, my children, pray and meditate. You must continue on the road with the armor of faith, but not a weak armor, it must be the armor of God's Will. A certain ruler, known and recognized in the world, will be put to death, and this will enrage his people. At this moment, evil is insidiously moving everything it needs, so that from one moment to the next you will be surprised by news that will make you shudder, because you will see how a nation is being destroyed to carry out the wishes and plans of the one who comes to usurp the place of my Son. Work on yourselves. Do not use the gift of the Word to speak recklessly. Be love, as my Son is Love. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, before the whole earth runs out of food, foodstuffs will be contaminated so that those who consume them will become ill. The purpose of this is to destabilize many of my children. Do not forget that he who acts with faith is free from all evil. Do not forget that communism continues to grow with greater force against the nations. Be love, as my Son is Love. Give living witness. Accelerate your steps. Grow spiritually. Do not forget that I joyfully accept the sufferings of those who are Mine, and pour blessings on all mankind. My motherly love, my Blessing be with each of you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 21 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I continue to look at the deeds and works of each of my children, not to judge them harshly, but expecting them to return to me.... I am love, I long for you, I wait for you until, in acceptance of the free will of each of you, you decide to call on me to help you. I live alone in the Tabernacle without any of my children to keep me company.... I have found myself in contempt and have heard myself called the God of history, of the past. Given the very deep distance from everything that represents me in which man lives, they took indifference into their own hands to distance themselves even further from my teaching. Luz de Maria: 'My Christ, what is it that man has lost, that he has distanced himself from You?' Christ: my beloved, man has lost the desire to rise; he is content to stand out with his human qualities in order to attract the attention of others, and is content to be admired by others. The desire to rise is stagnant; they don't want to grow spiritually. That's why these same people can't tell the difference between a believer and a non-believer. Unbelievers are found in my Church and sometimes participate without being recognized as such, without the slightest suspicion from their brethren. There are very many who say they believe in me, and so few who really practice their faith and who have absolute faith in me, who see me as I am, who transcend and love me as I am, who feel and perceive me so well that they have complete trust in me, so much trust that they believe everything I explain to them, because it is for the good of those I love. I give to man, and man gives me his trust, so that he can transcend and unite with my presence in each of my children. I want them not only to believe in me, but also to enjoy my presence...'. Luz de Maria: 'Lord, what has led man to stagnate in his spiritual life? Christ: beloved daughter, for some it is enough to blame all my favorite children, the priests, from this moment, but from long ago, the denial of the existence of hell, sin as such and the responsibility of the one who commits it, the toleration of immorality, the lack of exaltation of faith and union with me, the little acceptance of my Mother in my Church, the abuses of the hierarchy, which always distorts and departs from the true sense of faith, tradition, truth, shepherding, teaching the truth, my ministers are no longer the last and servants of all; All this, along with the placement of my ministers in the circles of society, has flooded my Church with interests that are not now and never were my Will. And you, my people, have not wanted to delve into my Will, nor to know me better, nor to learn about me. What you hear is enough for you. That is why you are like a balloon, you rise and say that you love me, but when some matter in the air touches you or rubs against you, you let the air out and fall to the ground, as quickly as you rose, you forget about me, and then you become persecutors of my people and me. Children, do you know who I am? Every day or on Sundays you hear in the Gospel about me, but do you live in me? Do you know me deeply? Or do you have only a light layer of my raid?.... Some who visit me and receive me daily are constantly setting snares for their brethren to bring them to ruin, and then throw them into the river to drown, with no one to save them; they act and work secretly like snakes against their brethren, and hypocrites murmur against their brethren, asking them to explain their conduct, because they want to point fingers at their brethren to shame them before the community. Hypocrites, they receive me every day and make me nauseous! The one who acts like this is evil and cruel. Who are they to hold their brothers accountable? No one knows what I know, they were not there, they do not know the secret of my Love for man. Worse is the one who receives Me with false religiosity than the one who falls and repents, and then rises to be a beacon to his brothers. That is why only I know the mystery of My Love, that is why 'I am who I am'. Woe to him who wants to order the course of humanity, considering himself pure and holy; the time will come when he will be judged before Me. Luz de Maria: 'beloved Christ: we are sinners, we strive every day, we want to abide by Your side. Teach us to live according to You and to love Your Mother'. Christ: beloved daughter, the saint does not judge, he prays for his fellow men. The sinner points to the sinner when he recognizes the same sin in his neighbors; the sinner betrays his neighbors and persecutes his brothers. At this point, humanity is missing me. Some call themselves Christians, and live as those who are not my people; they deny me with their actions, words, behavior. They are My people who are part of this evil that plagues humanity; they make My Cross heavier. The injuries are more painful and the flogging is stronger, coming from those who claim to love Me. Humanity is in purification, waiting for rebirth; they do not recognize the signs of this moment, because they do not know My Mother's warnings, and they call the past My eternal word, which is in the Holy Scriptures. They chain me to the past. They chain everything that is said in the Holy Scriptures with My Holy Spirit to prevent it from revealing My explanation to this generation, lest it be lost. They do not respect my Commandments, abuse the sacraments, reject the works of mercy, blessings are a thing of the past. Will the institution of the Holy Eucharist be a thing of the past? No, my children, the Scriptures contain the transformation of my people. Therefore, I explain my Word to this generation, and my Mother is appointed by my Father, me and my Spirit to guard this generation and save souls with her maternal love. I have revealed this My Word to My prophet, because I have called My people to be My witnesses, but they cannot figure out how to bear witness to Me; they seek special gifts or virtues, but with them they will not bear total witness to Me, only when they know Me in truth and in spirit will they be able to have My strength, My Spirit, freely, without restraint or limitation. Pray, my people, pray and put prayer into practice so that you may be fruitful. My children, come to me. Let each of you come to experience your personal encounter with Me. Each of you must come to wipe my face, to have me engraved in your heart forever. Luz de Maria: 'beloved Christ, how can we tell you that we love you?' Christ: beloved, by obedience and by knowing Me, so that everyone lives by Me and gives himself to Me unreservedly and in obedience. Humanity is living in this dangerous moment, dangerous for the body, but also for the soul, and I do not want my children to be lost. You begin the week of remembrance of my devotion out of love for the Salvation of souls, and what is man's response? You will see, you will see... My beloved people who flog Me, why do you flog yourselves arbitrarily? You have given yourselves over to debauchery, you have given free rein to your senses to lose yourselves and to go on the path of evil. My beloved people, the axis of the earth will shift, those who know the truth are silent, and I call upon you to prepare yourselves, for you will see what will be man's purification falling from heaven. Pray, my children, for Chile; it will suffer. Pray, my children, for the United States; it will be flogged. Pray, my children, for Israel; it will suffer. The earth will continue to shake with force. The night will surprise mankind. Evil fights hard against those who are Mine. Wake up, children! The moment has come! my Love does not cease. My Angel of Peace will come to be the way for My people. My beloved people, the earth will be flogged along with its inhabitants; all will suffer the rejection in which I have been plunged, not because I am punishing you, but because the rebellion is against My Love for all mankind, and this rebellion will turn against that same mankind. I am waiting with My Mercy; only do not forget that I am approaching with My Justice. Evil will never have more power than good, but mankind has given power to evil and evil imprisons them. For this reason, they will be passed through the sieve of the crucible until my people become my true people, and I will be everything to my people. Unite in this celebration of my Passion, unite in the silence of my Mother, fulfilling and loving the will of my Father who is in Heaven. I love everyone, but not everyone seeks me. In a special way, I bless each of those who read and make alive this Word of Mine. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 23 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, each of my children is my Son, even those who do not love me. You are my children, those whom my Son redeemed on the cross, and I, as the Mother of the universal family, announce to you and warn you constantly. My struggle against evil does not cease at any time. Beloved children, during Lent humanity must be prepared for change. What change are you called to? Without fully knowing what needs to be changed, those who decide to change set many goals with good intentions, but they do not really know themselves. A.... if a person does not know his weaknesses, what will he fight against? If a person does not know himself in his virtues, he can take a moment to do something other than his weaknesses. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, Holy Wednesday, the day my Son went to the home of Lazarus. Because Lazarus was a great friend of His, my Son stayed in that house, where Lazarus' sisters cared not only for my Son, but also for my Son's disciples and those who followed Him. Lazarus is a faithful friend of my Son; Lazarus, unconditional, obedient, the one who gives everything, offers everything. Lazarus is generous to all his brothers and sisters, without looking at faces, social standing or economic conditions; he was as each of my children should be. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son, Perfect Love, was sent to save you from the evils that drive man to fall victim to his misused free will. My Son gave Himself for each of you in a true sacrifice, taking upon Himself the sins of men, the sins of those who have not obeyed the love of my Son, who have despised His delivery, who have rejected the Commandments of the Law of God and do not observe the Commandment of Love of neighbor. Dissoluteness is the food with which you feed Satan; you regard heresy as natural; the worship of Satan is man's choice, and in this choice you will suffer unspeakable suffering at the hands and under the rule of a usurper who will truly be the cruelest persecutor of my Son's people. Just as Judas betrayed my Son, so many of you are continually distancing yourselves from my Son in order to join evil and collaborate in the spread of evil, and perhaps by a minor detail you are overshadowing the good you have done!.... my Son, aware of all that he is about to suffer, does not run away, for this insult will turn into a sacrifice in which he will be priest and victim. He will ask the Father for forgiveness for all, paying the price of justice for all sins. Who has understood this.... Who understands this at this time?.... my Son foresaw His suffering.... at this moment He foresees the suffering of mankind.... and they do not believe, they despise the calls through our prophet and other instruments. The House of the Father warns; it does nothing without warning its children, and they do not believe.... therefore, when darkness comes, do not lament. When you see a person turn into the unthinkable, do not lament. In times of plague, remember the calls of Heaven. War is an expression of the moment in which you move, some suffer from ignorance, others from lack of care, and these human creatures will be the weakest. The cruelty of those who have senses, feelings and hearts clouded by the false promises of ideologies opposed to the true love taught by my Son will increase every moment, and the lamentations of the innocent do not move hearts of stone. Children, do not look away from what will spread throughout the world, until man lives trapped in his own home. My Son has not given in to this, but he knows everything, and as in the past he knows that his own children will betray him. People of my Son, renew the consecration of our sacred hearts every day. Live these holy days united with my Son; do not forget that the evil one is over mankind and as soon as he finds even a little open door, he takes what is not his and leads man to do evil. My Son was merciful to His people and will be merciful whenever man seeks Him. Beloved, do not forget Divine justice, it will come. You do not expect my Son, and He will return. And where will be those who have denied Him, who have perverted the Divine Law and sacraments? They have distorted the Word of God. Pray especially for the Church of my Son. Pray for England; she will suffer pain of her own. Pray, my children, the earth is suffering. Beloved, prepare yourselves, grow by prayer, by meditating on each of my Son's sacrifices; get to know each of them so that you may love Him more. It is urgent that you trust in the promises of my Son, that you delve into the love of my Son and make it your own, that you may know Him truly, that you may not be led down the wrong path. My children, since some have not lived Lent as they should, accompany my Son in every step he will take, beginning Thursday, in reparation for Lent. Accompany my Son beside me during these days of agony. Study and become children who love in truth and in spirit. Come to me, give me your hand and let us walk beside my Son in this loving devotion. I bless you, my children, you who delve into the knowledge of revelations and are attentive. I bless you with my Love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 26 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, children, I call upon you to honor my Divine Son by living His will at every moment. Wake up, children! Wake up so that you can live a life of true peace in spirit. Wake up! You are living in ignorance and poor spirituality because of the materialism in which you have plunged, and because of the eternal and constant search for that thing which man does not know what it is, but moves in it; This search puts you in a situation where ignorance plunges you into a sea of restlessness, where you search for something without knowing, and you are fooled - even willingly - by fantasies that other, more open minds present to you as something very advanced, when in fact they do not represent any spiritual progress for you, but on the contrary, distance you from true knowledge. You, my children, must keep your senses clear, clear and knowledgeable, so that your mind and reason will lead you to the desire and determination to be better at all times, for your own sake and for the sake of all humanity, and through this determination you will become faithful. Children, I want your hearts to burn with the desire to escape the falsehoods you may hear, and the deviations that materialism, negative ideologies and the devil himself present to you as attractive in order to take you as his prey. Children, the spirit is immortal, just as the Father, who created you and to whom all His children must return, is immortal. My Son's love is eternal truth. He wants you to be aware of the unity in which you must remain, three persons in one God, Father, Son and Holy Spirit. This is the responsibility to which each of my children is called, guide and direct your brothers and sisters to the truth, so that evil cannot take as its prey those who wander in evil ways. The power of love leads to obedience. If you love my Son and belong to Him, you know that you must not save only yourselves, you must give light to your brothers. Children, consecrate yourselves to the Sacred Heart of my Son and to my Immaculate Heart, but not just for the sake of consecration; you must be aware that this entails an obligation to bear witness with good deeds and works, in which the Eucharistic food remains indispensable and for which you must be properly prepared. Do not forget meditative prayer and the recitation of the Holy Rosary, not as a command, but as a necessity for each of my children. My beloved ones, do not listen when the world censures you for being spiritual beings because you pray, because you love my Son and recognize the Holy Trinity, because you love me. They will call you crazies, fanatics, they will incite you, slander you and threaten you; it's just that hearts that do not love, not having love, do not know how to listen or obey. Children, come to me, come to me. I am a refuge for you, so that through my hand every plague is a true victory offered lovingly to my Son. I am despised, and those who love me are also despised, because I call you to my Son and to the fulfillment of the Law of God, so that you do not fall into sacrilege, falsification, apostasy or what is the great sign of perdition for the human creature, so that you forget and reject the Holy Trinity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, man will have to understand that there is a will far superior to the human will, and man will have to remember that the greatest among you is the last, and he who boasts is a son of perdition. Children, be vigilant! You, my beloved, pray, persevere, know my Son, love Him. He who does not know Him cannot live by the knowledge of his brothers; everyone must know Him personally. Know Him, draw near to Him with confidence. My Son is Love for all, He is Mercy for all. Children... do not bring God's justice upon yourselves, do not rebel, be obedient and observe God's Law and Sacraments. My Son is eternally present. Do not allow hatred within you; hatred breeds more hatred, and hatred is used by evil to divide and cause death. Children of my Heart, the Holy Trinity invites you to know, to the truth, to put into practice the word of my Son, so that it may be life in all, life abundant. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the present moment is the moment. Be attentive, follow the straight path, do not deviate from it, recognize that the children of my Son do not stir up strife, but are called to fraternity in obedience and observance of the Law of God. Beloved children, with the moment will come the fall of the two heavenly bodies. This event will be seen in the sky by all; then every human creature, in its soul, conscience and being, will see all the evil it has committed and the good it has not done. God's mercy does not end, for when a person finds himself before the abyss, He gives him the grace of purification. Some will accept it as a blessing; others, after undergoing trial, will rebel and join the one who will reign over the earth, the antichrist. Be attentive to my warnings! They will strike with greater force with the passing of the moment. Children, save your souls! I bless those who read and treasure this word flowing from my Immaculate Heart. My maternal mantle covers you, you are my great treasure, my beloved children. I remain with you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 29 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I constantly urge you to be attentive, each of you as part of humanity, as autonomous beings who have free will and are therefore bearers of the human 'I'. Beloved children, the human self can only be overcome by God's Will and by not wandering down the wrong paths in search of what you have inside. Children, do not look for my Son outside of you, He lives inside each of you, the truth is within you. Listen to Him and suffer no more. Beloved ones, my Son is watching humanity consume all that God the Father has given it, and man, as a predator, is exhausting all the resources he has been given for a healthy and blessed existence. Man joins with other people with common ideals to excel, bypassing his conscience, forgetting his moral and spiritual duty to restore all that he borrowed from creation, but which he used as his own to pamper himself, without renewing what should be renewed for the proper existence of the human race on earth. As a Mother, I see that creation is mercilessly and constantly polluted with chemicals that scientists know are not suitable for either nature or animals, least of all humans. When this happens, nature continues its growth, albeit defective due to contamination. Children, your suffering is rooted in the fact that you have not done what you should have done, ruthlessly abusing everything you have received from the hands of the Eternal Father and exploiting without compassion everything that has been created. Given man's constant aggression against divine goodness through misused science, the earth suffers from constant violence, from toxic chemicals that are spread in the air, thus altering the normal growth of nature, animals, and even more so humans, who are deliberately drugged. Creation has completely mutated due to the merciless hand of science; foodstuffs no longer nourish, but invade the human body with all the toxicity to which creation has been subjected. It is man who attacks himself, it is he who sickens himself.... beloved children, the earth suffers from the horrific actions of man, who invades it and pollutes it with nuclear tests at sea, in the air and on this very earth, as well as waste left over from radioactive tests, materials buried in deserts and in poor countries, which in exchange for food and money receive and accumulate such materials that eventually and irreversibly pollute the human body. Children, you have shortened the path to the disastrous outcome you are heading for. Everything you have changed is changing the human being, so much so that the human subconscious cannot reject what it knows in advance will cause even greater evil to man. The earth is desolate because of the lack of human beings with consciousness and without fear of rejection. So much moral decadence has allowed contamination to spread through the sea to the entire earth. Creation fights death, the sun is not an ally of man, water wants to cleanse the earth and hence the lack of control over this moment in the climate all over the world; aridity prevails not only on the earth, but also in the hearts of people. Everyone is a reflection of what he has in his Heart and his toil in ardor, if the creation is worldly, his toil is worldly.... if the creation leans towards God, its toils will be directed towards what is spiritual.... For this reason, I invite my favorite children, the priests, to lead my Son's flock along the right path, giving them wise guidance so that they have clarity on how to approach and live in God's Will, which goes beyond prayer.... The Holy Trinity commands man to love the Triune God. My favorite children, the priests, teach people how to love their Lord and their God, how not to offend Him, how to approach God with the wisdom of the Holy Spirit, so that He lives in the soul of the people of my Son, so that people merge with Him and are one.... This is the point at which a person must walk with the knowledge of God, so that he remains clear and determined, and so that he does not sink into the mud, but into solid rock.... do not give liquid food to the children of my Son; give them knowledge, the ability to delve into the One who created them, loves them and wants them in His heart. Proclaim to them the true teaching of how to recognize sin, how to move forward on the spiritual path, to fly, not with wings like birds, but with spirit, to attain eternal goods and be worthy of God's mercy. My Son does not live in silence in heaven, but tirelessly seeks His children. My Son is not an avenger who chases after his children to punish them; he has given his children the freedom to choose, so that man himself can decide what path he wants to follow. But how can man seek his Creator without having the right teachings? People constantly blame my Son for everything that happens to them, because they ignore responsibility for their human actions. But how are they supposed to take responsibility if they are told that there is no punishment for sin? ... Everything a person has is a gift that comes from heaven. And what will a man say to his people when they disregard God's Law at this moment, disregard pain after death and eternal life? Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, it is never too late to unite with my Son.... With an open and thirsty heart, ask the Holy Spirit to guide you.... solidify yourselves in this desert where you live, so that the same traveling companions may soothe your thirst for the sinful world and instill in you a fervent desire to meet my Son.... beloved children, the proximity of great events such as earthquakes - given the force that is currently moving the earth from its bowels and surface, not only agitating the waters, but also affecting man - makes it essential for creation to be united with its Creator, united in the right way, and not according to each man's free thinking. In his unconscious, man perceives the proximity of natural events and events from the universe, as well as those that affect the conscience. Do not despair, seek the only company that will never let you down, the company of the Divine Will and that Mother who loves you. The animals that inhabit the earth lose their sense of direction, they come to the surface when the earth trembles in their guts, and man allows everything to happen without a moment's reflection. The devil's madness engulfs human creatures who plunge against the gift of life in a moment of madness, or who do not take my Son seriously and constantly reject Him, blaspheming. My children, strive to be better, to be true and to search tirelessly for God's Love and truth. War does not wait for the right moment, it is man in his unbridled madness of possession who decides when the pains of humanity will begin. I remain before you not only to console you, but also to guide you along the right path and to intercede before my Son when, truly repentant, you come to me to ask for my intercession. I will not abandon any of my children. In the face of adversity, you will find in me a Mother who loves you. Children, do not forget that my Son is in each of those who are His, and He loves His people, so He sends His angel of love to guard the path of His people when they are in the crucible and persecuted. Have faith, do not be discouraged. Pray, my children, for the Church of my Son. Pray, my children, for Costa Rica; she will suffer. Pray, my children, for Hungary; she will be flogged. Pray, my children, great sacrileges will be committed. Man's destiny is eternal glory; the devil's ambition is to steal souls in order to make them part of his legions and lead them to strike the true children of my Son. Children, do not lower your guard, be vigilant, pray, meditating union with the Divine, and do not forget that I am the Morning Star who guides my children, and darkness will never be able to drown out my light. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 02 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Sacred Heart calls you to delve into it, taking for yourselves the good, the gifts and the virtues you need at this time to combat the inclination to evil. My beloved ones, it is very important that you do not disregard my words, given the ease with which humanity has been led to take everything that concerns My House. You will find good only by directing yourselves toward Me; everything else will separate you from Me. I do not love sin, I condemn it, I judge it if you do not repent, and I suffer for it. Sin is not a part of me; it is everything that my Father presented in the Commandments. Whoever does not love Me and does not keep the Law and repent is with evil. Humanity hides evil in a thousand forms, under false stereotypes and false ideologies, under false alliances and black desires to seek the common good. My children, confused by the worldliness that afflicts my Church, are falling into debauchery - the work of Satan to lead my children into quicksand and to catch them in the desire to fit in with modern behavior. Isn't it topical to love God above all else and love your neighbor as yourself? Or is this Commandment neither incidental to this generation nor important to my children at this time? Beloved children, my people, you feel so exalted in all teachings, you enjoy great progress in all respects, and yet you have not discovered that evil is taking advantage of all that I am mentioning to lead you to be more worldly and more accepting of all existing ideologies and wickedness with each passing moment. Satan has found fertile ground in this generation - ground that has been fertilized with the truth of my Word and the necessary severity, given the Great Purification that you are already experiencing and which you refuse to accept - in order to put masks of goodness on what my House does not accept as good, because Satan's own head and his tentacles have already struck my people mercilessly and without restraint. You do not know what it is like to face evil when it hides behind supposedly good intentions, deeds, actions, obedience. Exposing evil is not easy for my people, because they don't know my Word and have relegated me to infinity (or to the back of the hereafter) so that I won't make them uncomfortable. I will continue to expose the evil rooted in my Church, so that my people, my mystical body, will know the true holiness to which I call them at all times. They offend me when they introduce satanism, in the form of attractive music, into my temples, into the altars built for the consecration of bread and wine, so that I can offer myself out of love for my people; during my transubstantiation, my altars are profaned, with the consent of those who represent me on earth. O.... terrible pain that tears my Heart and crowns me anew! ... where is the hierarchy that represents me? ... where is the authority of this Christ in His own house, when in my temples, blaring music with obscene words is welcome to call my Church modern? My Church, which has no beginning and no end! My people, what would happen to you if I completely removed from you My Word, which I am explaining at this moment? I am the God of Love, of peace, of joy, of happiness; I am not the God of spectacle or show. That is Satan, not me. I explain My Word to you so that My people understand the moment in which they live and its gravity, yet I am ignored and rejected. You forget that I see everything that happens in the life of each one of you, and before mankind I will call blasphemy the one who loses My sheep and leads them to another pasture poisoned by hatred, indifference, arrogance, immorality, lack of justice, obstruction of My Truth and persecution of My prophets whom I sent to save souls, souls who were warned beforehand by My Mother in all Her revelations, so that they would have the ability to distinguish between good and evil beforehand. My beloved people, you have lost the ability to discern, you are making decisions recklessly, pulled by a current that is stronger than the faith you claim to be, given the strength with which evil is accepted by my people due to ignorance of my Truth. For this reason, you will accept the enemy of my people as if he were me, and give him the honor that creatures owe to me, thus causing the bloodiest persecution of my faithful and my Mother's children, those who are firm and convinced, those who wish to achieve holiness. Children, such a great concealment of the revelations - which my Mother gave to mankind to be prepared - has caused the smoke of hell to reach my Church, where Freemasonry has been surpassed by Satanism. Man causes great pain to this God of his, my angels, who weep, because you despise Me and My Mother! Evil is industrious and persistent, slowly casting itself upon those who are Mine, with great dissimulation, taking the place of good, but not obeying My Law; therefore, My people must know Me, so that they may recognize Me fully, and not with a light flair. I am Love and Mercy, I forgive those who come to me repentant and with a firm intention to improve, and at the same time I am the Righteous Judge, before whom no sinner escapes without due repentance for the wrong committed. This moment is crucial for my children, the ultimate in terms of their joining with me, so that, using their free will, they accept me as their God and savior. I treat my children very carefully; I know well that if I call them 'my favorites' before their brothers, their lack of humility will step in and take my place. Therefore, the one who is more fulfilled for me, I leave as the last of my servants, and I do not praise him before his brothers. All people wander in life, they will receive the ultimate reward before our Holy Trinity. If they do not know of man's faithfulness to man, because they are not faithful to Me, who is their God, then what use is it to be honored before men? 'Give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar, and to God what belongs to God. I don't want offerings to be made to me that will not be fulfilled; I don't want children dying because of prolonged fasting if the mind has led the heart away from me. I do not want empty prayers or long discourses without content and without teachings for my people. My beloved people, the earth has changed its constant movement, and this is causing the great tectonic plates to shift all over the globe. Creation is trembling with force because of the sins of man. Pray, my children, pray for Indonesia; it will be shaken. Pray, my children, pray for the United States; man will flog it and nature will cleanse it. Pray, children, for Russia, pray; it will bring pain to my children. Pray, children, for Chile and Brazil; man and nature will speak strongly to them. My beloved people, the god of humanity will cease to be a god before the bewildered gaze of my children; they will panic and become insecure because they have not entrusted me with their safety. Universal coin is coming fast with governments implanting microchips in their citizens. Because of this, my children are suffering. Do not forget that I give sustenance to the birds, just as sustenance will reach my people by my hand. Children, man has entered the path of transgressions and provocations. Soon they will cease to be offenses and provocations, and mankind in general will know the bile that man himself can bring in his hands and to his brothers. As the pupil of my eye, I will not abandon you; in every Eucharist I will clothe you with faith, in every prayer my Mother will give you the consolation of her love, and your traveling companions will help you when protection from my House is needed. You, my beloved people, you who repent, you who abandon the mundane, you who make the decision to belong more to me than to the world, you who tirelessly strive to be more my House and a better child, you who despise me and ignore my calls, you who do not believe, you who have been filled with hatred, you who do not accept me and despise my Mother, you.... you who read this Word of Mine, I, your God, bless you and offer you My Mercy. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 05 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you and I call upon you all to abide in my maternal Immaculate Heart. My beloved children, the Mercy of my Son is never exhausted, it has no end, but you must repent for the offenses you have committed and you must make a firm resolution not to offend Him again. Since God's mercy is a sign of the Father's Infinite Love for human creatures, you must rush to it and receive this very great blessing before the oil runs out. Man does not want to take into account the holy Divine Justice and clings to a God of mercy who forgives everything - even the most terrible sin - without the need for human repentance, and this, children, is not true. It is necessary for you to believe, to increase your faith, and this will not happen if the human creature does not come to know my Son.... mercy goes out to man, and at the same time Divine Justice is waiting for its moment, which is the one, the one before mankind, and which is closer every moment, causing chaos, destruction, anger, revenge, lust, immorality.... Beloved children, do not think that the nuclear confrontation is a matter of science fiction; provocation leads mankind to suffer, the new inventions of man for military purposes are a scourge to man, and man will feel firsthand, in his own body, their effects. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, at this time it is not Divine Love that reigns, but total individualism, due to man's lack of self-control. Children of my Immaculate Heart, in this generation a technological revolution has taken place, and technology has taken possession of my children, imprisoned them in its clutches, invalidated man's ability to perceive, and therefore man's ability to remember has begun to vegetate, no longer produces, obeys a series of commands with seemingly religious intentions, by means of which the great advertising corporations lead man to serve science, and despise my Divine Son. Children, you have not noticed that you have been subjected to a study designed to defeat and divide you, so that the majority of you walk around carrying perverse desires, and are therefore irrational and pagan. Man's instinct has attacked a few so-called religious leaders to make them act like pagans, to blaspheme about what they do not know amidst the boundless idolatry of the good life and money. Poor children, those who before money fall to their knees! When the economy collapses irretrievably around the world, it will be like a game of dominoes in which money will be thrown down with no way to stop it. My children, you will watch in amazement as too many of your brethren fall prey to the disease of lack of economic power, and the devil, seizing the moment, will offer you comfort in exchange for your souls. This will be when the legions of evil take the bodies of those of my children who sell themselves for money, persecuting those who were previously their brothers. Pray in faith before this prophecy is fulfilled. My children, immerse yourselves in the knowledge of the Holy Scriptures, so that you do not offend My Son by following false Christs who circulate in the world. My children, do not follow false teachers who mislead you with ideologies that are not found in the Holy Scriptures. Do not forget that the Kingdom of my Son is forever and for all generations. At the moment, false teachers who call themselves Christ are circulating to lead you to another reality that is not the reality of my Son, instilling in their followers the worship of these teachers who are seen as little gods. Do not get lost, children, do not get lost in these hidden clutches of the enemy of souls. Evil flies across the earth like the wind, so do you breathe wickedness. Only those who know my Son and His word find the way of escape from evil. Those who do not know Him fall into nets of heresy that do not appear to be what they are. Evil runs in its lawlessness and unbridled desire to cause the persecution of my children and innocence on a global level as quickly as possible. Voluntary abortions are seen as a defense for a woman who is losing her sense of motherhood and responsibility. In most countries, this practice is accepted; since man despises the gift of life, what awaits man in his fate? my children have been severely infected with everything worldly; they do not want to listen to either my Son or me, and are walking towards the abyss like sheep towards the abyss, experiencing pain like never before. This moment of great spiritual struggle is not perceived as such by those who do not fight for the Salvation of the soul, which is why my children are called crazy and are persecuted. They are blinded and do not see how the war is advancing towards humanity.... where will they find complete peace? Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the Middle East will be a source of great confusion; therefore, the nations that wore linen will wear rags because of the usurpation they will be subjected to by their invaders. Pray, my children, pray for Argentina; rebellion will be hidden at the waking of the day. Pray, my children, for Europe; it will be severely wounded by the invaders. Pray, my children. Pray, my children, volcanoes continue to erupt with power throughout the earth. Pray, my children, the United States will have reason to rejoice at the loss of its citizens, because of terrorism the earth continues to tremble strongly because of the power the sun exerts on the earth; from the center of the earth moves abnormally. Minds - agitated and confused - lash out at their brethren; agitation leads to rage, and man will be an animal without being one. Children of my Immaculate Heart, consecrate yourselves daily to my Son, pray to Saint Michael the Archangel, but above all, submit to the Will of God. God's Law is and forever will be the word you must know and obey. Each of you consecrate yourselves to my Heart, pray for what has not been fulfilled in my request concerning Russia. My children, I bless you. To those who read and carry in their hearts this Word of Mine explained in this call, I bless you and protect you with My mantle. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 09 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son gave Himself for the Salvation of the human race, because each of His children is a hidden treasure. As the Mother of all mankind, I love my children without reservation, even if they do not love me as I love them.... and I will go wherever my children call upon me in a state of Grace, or where they seek me with a strong desire to change their lives. Beloved children, you must be alert to the attacks of evil, and in order to do so, you must know what is good and recognize what is evil, so that you will be able to distinguish with certainty between good and evil and not make mistakes or fall into contradictions. Ask the Holy Spirit for discernment so that you will not fall into the mud from which you will not be able to come out. You must know that sin is sin, and there is only one degree between venial sin and mortal sin. For this reason, you cannot be satisfied when the only sins you commit are venial sins; they become a habit that eventually clouds your path and you fall into grave sin without thinking. Children, it is the duty of every Christian to respond with perfection, not only with the heart - for the heart does not think - but also with the mind, thinking and reasoning, in the daily, constant friction to which man's actions and works are exposed, from moment to moment, as if man were constantly being darted by the evil one to separate him from the faith. Beloved children, faith cannot remain inert, truth is not inert, the testimony of the lives of Christians cannot be an inert testimony; otherwise, if they were inert, what testimony would they give of my Son? Constantly live the truth of God's Word, putting it into action every moment. Just as my Son knocked, so must you be responsible and sure in your faith, because Christianity is not theory, it is life, and life in abundance. Insensitive cold-minded beings are busy thinking about how to criticize, how to destroy, how to kill, how to slander and lie, how to insult and deny.... children of my Immaculate Heart, you are love, and as love of my Heart you know the way my Son was taken to the Cross. You know this, and yet you struggle devotedly to be more Heaven and less the world. Beloved ones, of your own free will you must struggle to be more virtuous, and for this you need God's grace, not because the human will cannot of itself perform deeds and works, but because without God the deeds and works are more for the creature, leaning toward what is human, are not more God, and will not lean toward God in the same way. Children, it is your duty to study knowledge, so that your Will will make the right decisions, without being carried away by all that comes from everywhere without any basis. You know that my Son knows what part of the way you will go, where you will go and how you will go, and even then He does not stop loving you. My Son knows everything you need, He knows everything you desire, which is the human will, and everything you need, which is the Divine will. You must continue to pray, not only with verbal prayer, but also with the prayer of helping your neighbor, the prayer of surrender, the prayer of determination, the prayer alone with God, so that you can listen to God's voice. Children, God is great, infinitely good and merciful, but He does not give out Heaven for free, you must earn it with deeds and actions in accordance with the teachings of Christ and the law of the Father. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in the face of the good news of the Second Coming of my Son, He desires to find a people worthy and prepared, not a people undecided, but a people wise and trusting. That is why He continues to send His word to prepare you. Beloved children, you sense so many events that you know well, and those that are about to come have accelerated.... You are waiting for events to measure the nearness of the fulfillment of my revelations. You are so wrong! Human calculations will never surpass the divine moment. You forget that everything you expect can happen in an instant, if that is the Divine Will. This is the truth that only God possesses. Beloved, you must be honest with yourselves and commit to being better at every moment, so that my Son will receive from his people the love, sincerity, peace and repentance that all creatures should give him. Events will repeat themselves, man will become more savage and with the help of evil will penetrate fields unimaginable and impenetrable. As this moment approaches, the actions of evil become more violent. Man reasons according to what he sees; he forgets that the truth of the big picture is hidden from most at this moment. My children, do not expect a great change on the part of mankind; they live immersed in indifference to all the affairs of the House of My Son, seeking alternatives that will give them more freedom without having to make any commitments, although this endangers the soul and leads it to perdition, because the teachings of My Son's Church on the value of the Salvation of the soul are very scarce, poor and almost nil, offering innovations to the faithful, who at the moment want what is easy, what is convenient for the world, which means ease and minimal effort in seeking a merciful God who forgives everything and gives freedom - the kind of freedom man desires - even if it contradicts the word written in Scripture. The hearts of some of your brothers have been tainted, and reason has come to believe that justice must be administered by their own hand. This led them to commit the gravest sin, anger, which blinds a person so that he makes great mistakes and falls, unable to get back up. This is one of the many frontal attacks of the devil that you face without realizing it. Children, evil knows how to buy you, how to defeat you and compromise you, so that you cannot get out of its circle, which is controlled by the uncontrollable lust of those who lead humanity to a great catastrophe. Evil is constantly fed even by those who call themselves my children, and rage keeps them in prison.... Evil is fed and easily penetrates every human creature.... children, the human body will be changed by the great emanations coming from the sun. They will cause changes in the human psyche, in the nervous system, increasing the stress under which humanity lives and changing the behavior of nature at the same time. The weather on Earth will never be the same again. Evil is approaching in the guise of a lamb. I told you about it, but if you do not know what evil is, how will you discover it? Beloved children, evil is spreading, and with it the scourge of hatred. The eradication of purity, goodness, brotherhood, understanding has been desperately imposed; therefore, you must know how to reject those moments when the devil arrives to cause discord. My children, protect your children with the love of my Son, pray to their traveling companions that their angels protect them from evil; infants cause the fury of Satan, who wants a land without children. Pray, my children, pray for Canada; it will suffer from man's selfishness through terrorism, and nature will flog it. Pray, my children, for Argentina; they neglected the teachings of my Son and separated me from their lives; the devil scourges the mind of man; I knocked at the door, but I was not answered. Argentina will suffer. Pray, my children, for France; it will be flogged by those who live by hatred and desire revenge. What is unexpected is coming to France in broad daylight. Pray, my children, for the Church of my Son; it will suffer unexpectedly. Attention will be focused on it. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, Spain will suffer in her territory without having it taken from her; she has given it, without giving it, and her people will be foreigners in her land. Children, do not forget that you must pray with the knowledge that prayer is the union of man with my Son. Do not pray repetitively, pray, meditate and wait for the one whom my Son will send at the right moment to help you in your pain and confusion, confusion that will come from the four cardinal points, which has never been seen before. Be smart, don't fall into the snares of evil, be a blessing to your neighbors, carry light wherever you go, don't let your homes be destroyed by the influence of devils who nest on earth and take pleasure in destroying families. You are children of the Most High, you will be helped by countless angels, if you trust in the power of God's Will and if you act and work in love, God will be with you, to those who are sad or suffer physically He will give shelter, to those who are suffering He will give relief, to those who are afflicted He will give peace. None of you is alone; my Son is in each of his children. Look on high, children, look on high. Drink from the fountain of living water. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 14 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Mercy seeks you, so that you do not lose your way by overlooking My Word and its explanation. At this time it is necessary for Me to instruct you, reminding you of the truth, so that you do not deny what is undeniable. I do not want you to lose your way, believing that the devil does not exist, and for this reason plunging into sin and taking My Mercy for granted. Hell is eternal... the choice of hell is special, personal; everyone will have what he asked for. The sinner does not find himself before eternal fire just because he did; the reason is that during his life he rejected repentance and despised My Mercy. The Eucharist is the life and center of My Church, I give Myself in My Body, Soul and Divinity, so that all My children may seek Me and draw nourishment from Me, being properly prepared. The respect shown to My Body and My Blood by My priests will cause persecution; the worldly man does not respect My Divine Presence. My Love is Mercy for each of My children. My Love is not blind, it is infinitely merciful; therefore, I constantly give you opportunities to make and keep a proper amendment for every sin after due repentance for every fault committed. A person who has fallen into sin may freely make amends for his guilt and return to be undefiled before Me. This does not apply to those who do not repent of their sins or do not believe firmly, despising our Divine Law. My beloved people, the reality of the place of fire is indisputable, as is Heaven for those who put aside the human ego and give it up so that I may be all in them. Children, my Mercy does not destroy my Justice; on the contrary, my Mercy reaches its fullness when it appeases my Judgment.... children, save your soul! Do not deaden your soul with the false analogies that the modernists want to implant in you. My beloved people, my Love and my Righteousness are a mystery to mankind, so much so that there are too many people who are calling me at this moment to tell my people what is not my Truth. You know well that the signals are numerous, but man does not see them because he does not believe and does not wait. The wickedness in which he lives causes the ungodly not to see the signs that I allow. My beloved people, you will suffer an irreversible shortage of natural resources, you will suffer all over the earth, because the entire economy will come to a halt because of a plan devised long, long ago by groups that precede the antichrist. You will be confused by those who call themselves 'Christ', and my Church will be lost .... and schism will occur. For man, having money is what keeps him in the world and gives him status. Children, lists will be drawn up in parishes with the names of my faithful in order to persecute them and hand them over to Freemasonry and, in turn, to allies of the antichrist, who will subject them to merciless torture in order to make them renounce their faith. My children will be prosecuted to be implanted with a microchip, as I announced to you several years ago. A large part of humanity has lost its fear of me, they will deplore the atrocities against my children. Man has surpassed the devil, there is no finding that can stop the appetite of the human will filled with lust for violence. Those who have given themselves over to the devil are thirsty for blood, a sign of life, at this moment. Beloved, the earth, weakened in its bowels, is opening up; faults that reach the surface of the earth are vibrating, causing strong earthquakes whose waves touch the extreme points of the earth. Pray, beloved children; remember that the geography of the earth will change. Pray for Indonesia; it will suffer from the wildness of nature. Pray, my children, pray for Japan; it is attracting earth tremors. Pray, my children, for Bolivia; it will be flogged, its people will suffer. Beloved of my people, the auroras will be visible throughout the earth; these effects will be signs to the people of changes in the earth's axis and the movement of the earth's axis. Beloved people, social agitation is uncontrollable by man; the lack of control along with the lack of values and scarcity of food is driving several countries to despair. Some are impatiently waiting for the fulfillment of my Mother's apparitions at Fatima to undermine what my Church has truly asked. I love and wait, wait and love. My people, it is not only the earth that has accelerated its changes; my children have separated themselves from me, adopting what gives them greater comfort, rejecting the principles of our Divine Law and dragging their own misery with them. My beloved people, you must continue to pray; prayer from the Heart reaches our Triune Throne, and we are not indifferent to the earth.... pray with full awareness that every word is a union with our Holy Trinity and with our most holy Mother. Ask for protection from fellow travelers and the intercession of the saints. Pray from the heart, understanding each word so that you consider it deeply and not repeat it senselessly. At this time, man needs to expand his knowledge of me, so that my power within him is not limited. I give myself to you to the extent that you will allow me. I flood you with the greatness and power of my Love, so that wisdom is not tied to the earth, but elevated by my Holy Spirit. You must be spiritually wise so that you will discern and not be deceived by evil. Love my Mother. She is the protection and refuge for each of those who are mine. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 17 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I hold you in My hands.... as the ears of grain grow to the color of the sun, so you, My children, must look toward My House and wonder in the depths of your heart, how close are you to Me? When the wind changes suddenly and out of time.... When the seasons do not continue in normalcy.... When fruits and foods harm the human body.... when contaminated water infects man with great diseases.... when man no longer looks his brother in the eye.... when a man and a woman do not look at each other, but look at another person of the same sex.... when little children lose their innocence.... when the earth grows old because of man's ill will.... when science is taken over by those who have no conscience, but in their zeal to serve evil set aside eternal life and forbid my children to proclaim me their Lord and their God.... A crook will stand at the door of humanity. In my youth he has launched his silent attack against me and against all who declare allegiance to me. My mystical body will suffer unspeakable suffering. The closer humanity gets to the revelation of the imposter, the antichrist: the greater will be the persecution of my faithful children. My prophets will be mocked, especially you, my daughter. Do not stop! Continue! I will not let you out of my hand. The earth will be contaminated by a man who, throwing a deadly weapon, will cover the clouds with fire, and before the horror of my children they will see the sky burning, and they will see the resistance of the unbelievers, who will laugh at this event, until, immersed in the pain of their own bodies, they will lament, blaming me for the deadly effect of the weapon on their bodies. At this moment, natural disasters will intensify, announcing that the path that man must follow is completely different, different from the one he is following now. Time is no longer time... I am the eternal present! Man has given names to months, dates to years, and names to days of the week. I give mankind My revelation, and they laugh at Me.... My Mother gives you Her word, and you do not love Her.... the great apostasy is imminent; my people will be reduced to silence and will adore me in secret. My Church will lose some of my favorite children (priests) because of apostasy. Then the enemy of my children will enjoy his entrance into humanity to take over this generation, which, having rejected me, opens the door to the enemy of souls. These moments have their hours and their months; do not wait like fools who do not listen to my Word, do not heed my calls and do not make the decision to convert. Difficult moments await you; the water will not cease, and the sun will raze several countries to the ground; in his desperation man will consciously drink contaminated water. To man's delight, snowfall will occur for no reason. My children will find themselves in the sea - which was harmless - and before their eyes, to their amazement, the sea will recede, making the beach a desert. Nature will be a cause of fear for my children and rejection for those who will blame me for such human suffering. Society finds satisfaction in passing pleasures. Those who live by the faith of moments and emotions will mistakenly seek my callings, for they do not see that it is the clarification of my Word that precedes events. The ruler will act impulsively and fan the flames, and conflicts will escalate until they become unbearable. One, two, three, in an instant what man has built will fall into the hands of those he considers his enemies. The superpowers have engaged small countries, supplying them with weapons to usurp territories to store strategic weapons. The metal god is a sign of power and stability to man; he will fall and succumb, and will not rise again. Mankind will accept what is offered to it, agree to be branded, and in the face of a single value, will surrender without hesitation into the clutches of the announced enemy of this generation. I encourage you not to let my Words pass by. 'I Am Who I Am'. Out of love for My children, I will send My angel envoy with My Peace. He will come and be a refuge for those who will adore Me in solitude, he will be love for those who choose not to deny Me despite persecution from the antichrist. My angel will be the voice of those who, subject to persecution, live under the rubble, in the mountains. He will lift up the weak, so that, standing, they await my Second Coming. I will give my messenger legions of angels to help my children. My people, nature is increasing its burden over man. Do not delay in seeking me, come to me quickly. The fire of embers will descend from on high and fall to earth, sowing havoc and destruction. Repent quickly, seek me steadfastly, tirelessly, love my Mother and pray that she will intercede for you. Pray, my children, pray for the United States; it will fall victim to terror, and nature will overwhelm it, the earth will tremble, the smoke from the volcano will alarm humanity. Pray, my children, pray for Italy; pain comes to its land, the hand of man falls on Italy. Nature is shaking it. Pray, my children, from one end to the other the earth is moving with force. Japan, Chile and Greece will suffer. My people, nuclear power is still the scourge of the people. Do not lose faith. I am explaining what awaits you, so that the coming events will not find you sleeping. Wake up from your lethargy! Do not be asleep! Wake up! Time is no longer time, and the moment has ceased to be a moment. I am with those who seek me, my Love longs for them. My Mother, the refuge of my children, fills you with good things in every Rosary you recite. 'I am who I am'. I bless especially those who receive this Word of Mine and make it life, and life in abundance. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 23 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, as the Mother of all mankind, I love you. My Heart suffers for each of you when you do not respond to the call of my Son. Conversion is necessary. All children of my Son must come at this very moment in search of conversion, you must go out to meet and convert, because at this moment man is galloping at full speed on his human ego full of imperfections that have festered over the years. Beloved children, mankind must immediately cease all actions contrary to goodness. You are unable to see how much you are harming yourselves by denying my Son. You stubbornly close yourselves up so as not to look at your mistakes and the good you do not do. Everyone looks at himself from whatever perspective is most convenient for him, overlooking all that is associated with impiety, contempt, disobedience, and even more, with sacrilege committed against God. Beloved children, you have been unable to look at yourselves, to see yourselves without masks and without frivolity, to see how much you deny yourselves, how much you leave out, and how miserable you are when you close yourselves up in an impoverished human ego, tainted by mundanity, so as not to see your spiritual reality. You have chosen not to see the truth, you have chosen to live hypocritically on the side of evil so as not to feel remorse for your daily evil deeds and actions. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I see you walking in the world, but more than walking I see you wandering, because he who walks stops at some point in life to look at himself, but he who wanders in the world does not stop, only goes on frantically, wildly, and when he stumbles, he gives himself over to evil, because he doesn't want to see his reality, so that he can continue to live in this unreality, in this falsity, in this darkness, which evil presents as something nice, so that he feels good, immersed in sin. Beloved children, jealousy is excessive among all my children at this time! Envy, the great evil that afflicts humanity! Because envy blinds and humiliates man, it makes him attack the innocent, it makes him attack those whom my Son has appointed as his spokesmen, faithful and truthful; it makes him attack his brothers, because envy makes him think: 'why not me and why him?' I will give some answers to this, but some people will not be satisfied; but what you children are missing is telling the truth. A significant number of my favorite children could be instruments of my Son as prophets, in the sense that you could spread explanations of the word of my Son revealed directly to you, my favorite children. My Son has chosen a few souls from among this priestly and religious sea, and taken the rest from his people; and he has not given more authority to those who lead his church to stop and reflect when they see how my Son's instruments, my Son's spokesmen, faithfully raise the word that my Son reveals and explains to them before the entire people, believers and unbelievers. My Son gives His word according to His Will, not according to rank or wisdom, not according to study or position. For the most part, my Son explains His word through His people, through His children whom He has picked out of His people, because at the moment, not all of His priests follow His Will and His Law, and this causes envy - in some of His favorites and in some human creatures - against the souls that my Son and I choose, who are then harshly attacked and called charlatans and false; but this should not be news to my Son's faithful people, for my Son was called 'Beelzebub' and was mocked when he said he was the Father's son, and even on the cross they did not believe him. Beloved children, people of my Son, you will not awaken until you repent, and when you do, it will be late, not late to gain the Mercy of my Son, but late to go to your brothers, to those whom you criticized and massacred with your tongue, to those whom you insulted and tried to silence, to those whom you called absolute liars, apocalyptic; to those tools of Heaven that tell you the truth, the truth that you have hidden in the deepest part of your Heart and that you do not want to accept. Once again I repeat, it may be late, because the conditions of the world may not allow you to send a word, one word of apology, to these brothers, because you have wronged those whom my Son has chosen. Beloved people of my Son, the life of a prophet is not easy, he is constantly and unjustly refuted and attacked. However, he lives what others will not, others, 'like whitewashed tombs', devote themselves to criticizing everything, because they consider themselves scholars of spirituality, and consider themselves almost gods, but these will not enjoy Heaven in advance, because he who lives out of envy lives a disturbed life, lives in sorrow, in ambition, lives with a heart filled with arrogance and looks down on his brothers. One who lives a life of envy easily falls prey to Satan, and acts and acts in accordance with Satan's conduct and actions, until some event in his life prompts him to open his heart, mind, stop his aggressive instincts and return to the true path. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, as Mother I have tried to talk to you and guide you in one way or another, to mention mistakes, sins, slander and all that leads you to muddle your spirit. But you don't listen to my recommendations! What can I expect as a Mother if you do not obey my Son and despise Him? I must tell you that you are at the most delicate moment for all of humanity, you are on the edge of the precipice of great events, you are on the edge of a cliff, it only takes one minimal move for humanity to fall. It is sad and extremely painful for the Mother to have to say these words to her children, but my voice will not be silenced just because a few want it.... if my Son is thirsty for souls, as a Mother I am ready to the last moment to call out to you, because if even one soul looks at me and returns to my Son, I will give my Son the greatest happiness.... my beloved ones, what happens, what happens when a person approaches a plant that has leaves and a trunk full of thorns? It stings and causes him pain, and he has to pull out the thorns one by one. You do this over and over again to the heart of my Divine Son, and all the angels, shedding tears, worship my Son so that you do not inflict so much pain on him. Man's unconsciousness has reached an unimaginable level, so much so that he does not think, but instinctively acts madly. The same instinct that the devil puts in man because of the irresponsibility with which man undermined all of creation, the same instinct with which man touches a tree, and the tree dies because of the feeling that man externalizes, a feeling that has become a sense of death, and at the same time it is a feeling that can make man rethink and change his life.... everything that my Son tells you is like the wind, you hear it pass, and then you continue with venial sin. Children, I regret this moment so much! Because the one who sins and does not repent of his sins, the one who sins and does not make amends, the one who sins and does not have a firm goal of improvement, then my child walks in the shadow that leads him to greater sins, and when he wants to regain right thinking, right walking, right acting and working, he finds himself so saturated with evil that he must make a heroic effort to return to goodness with humility and with truth in his heart, in his mind and in his word. Not everyone who says to me: 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the Kingdom of Heaven," because Heaven is gained by deeds and actions on this earth. My Son does not distribute Heaven. My Son is great in mercy, '...not inclined to anger...', but my Son does not give away Heaven, even though He loves you so much. He does not give away Heaven, just as He does not unnecessarily apply His justice. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, stop to think about the suffering of all humanity, the natural, social and economic disasters at this time.... what humanity is living at this moment is a total convulsion. The earth is shaking with force and will continue to shake. The sea behaves in a different way, natural phenomena can not be compared with the scale of the past; these are giants that rise up against man, not because they were created to punish and purify man, but because man emits so much negativity toward my Son, so much wickedness toward my Son, that the creature, finding no resemblance to the human creature, turns his gaze to that creature, sees God's creation and wants to awaken it from the evil in which it lives, wants to deliver it from the clutches of Satan, and the creature, because of the negativity emanating from man, calls him the only known way to that which was created by the hand of God, calls him love. And the thing is, man believes that love is only when all is well. Love, in turn, calls for righteous action; and that's what nature is doing right now. Nature is calling man to righteous action by trembling, yes, by the waters parting, yes, yes, in this way nature is calling man to wake up and return to his God and Lord. Man's rage has led him to look at other people as inanimate objects, without life, without the gift of life, and the acts that man commits at this point against the gift of life are sins against the Holy Spirit. But what do my children know about the gifts of the Holy Spirit or the gift of life when they throw themselves at each other in an endless hunt? Beloved children, if some of you were given the opportunity, given by my Son, to be taken from this earth at this moment and placed on another planet, and if you could see the convulsive actions and works of man, and if you could see the negative force that comes out of man against all created things, you would choose not to return to earth, because at this moment man is throwing on the earth the waste of a spirituality that is completely contrary to that which my Son has handed down to you, and this is transforming the earth into a repository of filth - spiritual, corporeal and social - where those who have power and more money rule, and those who do not have it voluntarily submit to the law of those who rule with money. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the state of this humanity is deplorable, and the people of my Son do not unite, I see them constantly separating, constantly criticizing each other, destroying each other.... this causes infinite pain to the Sacred Heart of my Son and to my Immaculate Heart. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, beloved people of my Son, I must inform you that the earth will continue to shake strongly. Do not expect any other action from the earth that has nested you, this is the grief of the earth for its children. Pray, my children, for Ecuador; it has suffered and will continue to suffer. Pray, my children, for the United States will be so shaken that the people of this nation, which is loved by me, will want to rise up, but will not make it. Pray, my beloved ones, for France; terrorism will wreak destruction and annihilate many lives. Pray for England. In Italy, the volcanoes that lie dormant will awaken. Woe to you Rome, woe to you Rome, how much pain it brings to all its inhabitants! Pray, my children, pray for Chile and Argentina. Chile will be shocked and will be surprised by something unexpected. Pray, my children, I urge you to pray for my land of blessings, Puerto Rico; it will suffer; it will suffer because I myself inhabited this land, and at this moment it has been overrun by the enemies of souls and by those who participate in sects. And why? Because my beloved children are not using the truth, prayer and the gift of the Word they have received to draw the sheep to the fold of my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my beloved ones, I will tirelessly admonish you and call you to reconcile with my Son, and let those who are judging at this time reconsider whether your life is a testimony to God's Love. Beloved children, my Immaculate Heart bleeds for each of my children, but it bleeds even more because of contempt for the law of love. To all who read this motherly word, I bless you and keep you in my Heart. I cover you with my mantle. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 27 2016 - Jesus Christ
My people, my beloved people, I am the same yesterday, today and forever.... I am Infinite Love.... each one of you is to Me the reason for My Love. My people, you will walk full of tribulations until you return to Me. I do not abandon you, but you reject My protection.... I do not abandon you, I forewarn you of events, so that you may prepare yourselves by returning to Me, but you despise My warnings.... disobedient! You suppress My Word like wax in the fire.... You are deaf to My calls, because you are controlled by human blindness, which overcomes each of you, so that you do not see, do not hear, do not stand in the truth of the coming events. My Word is full of love for humanity, constantly calling you to return to Me, so that I may embrace you anew. I am the mystery of love revealed on the Cross, but mankind has used the Cross as a generalized fashion symbol - not out of love and not for its meaning - until now, when what was taken as fashion is a source of shame and persecution. You take up without remorse the fight against our Divine Law, falsifying the will of our Trinity to fall prey to Satan. My people only need a breath to fall into the abyss. For this reason, and before it happens, I will intervene, giving mankind a new opportunity to look at itself - each of you in particular - and be renewed by my Holy Spirit, and filled with faith, strength, hope and love, so that you can face all that this generation must encounter in order to be worthy of my goods, which this generation has despised. My Mother cries out in pain for her children, for all of humanity, and is still despised by much of humanity. Divine Love calls upon human love to become spiritual, for only in this way will you be nourished by My Will, remaining in the world, not partaking of worldliness. Only with our divine strength will you be able to repel the attacks of the legions of evil. When calamities escalate, those who proclaim these and other calamities in My Name will multiply, or those who, taking advantage of circumstances, are seen as indispensable to their brethren. My people, you are not maturing, because you do not know Me! My Father sent me, and I am still an eternal unknown! I am the center of my people, I give myself to you in my Body, my Blood and my Divinity in the Eucharist, I am eternal food. At the moment I am not received with dignity, my children come to my temples sloppily dressed, shamefully dressed, unscrupulously dressed, and my representatives do not warn them that to enter my House they must dress appropriately, and that to receive me they must be properly prepared. My people look at the Commandments with contempt and without attention, and come in sin to receive Me, not caring that it is a grave sin. The consciousness of approaching Me in a state of sin does not exist, they have left it underground; they come to receive Me as a social share, for a share in something they do not consider holy and divine; instead they mock Me before Me. Sometimes people take me and lead me into dark places or places of satanic rituals; and it pains me to see the extent of human indifference and ignorance, conditions that allow the devil to seize more souls, while My representatives do not raise their voices. My people must awaken from the sedative that evil has given my children, strategically invading them to achieve the spiritual decay of my children. My Mother has revealed to you the wishes of our Will, but her word has been hidden, distorted and trivialized by all of my people; Satan has taken advantage of this and worked out his interference in humanity without being recognized. He took possession of my people by means of misused science, by means of which man satisfied the whims of the devil, who wasted no time. Children, intelligent, rational and thinking man was sold, and he allowed it. His wealth passed to other creatures, and man was not fully aware of this. The enemy got inside the households and you are very happy to open the door to him, and he is coming to cause more divisions than there is so far, he is bringing diseases not only on a personal level, but also on an emotional level. My Mother has already warned you, and you have failed to get ahead of this enemy; instead, he has entered your homes and at this moment has become acquainted with family members and society as a whole, thus achieving more family breakdown, infidelity and mental disorders; I am talking about the most popular means of communication at the moment, the telephone. I see robotic people walking around in a sedated state, mesmerized by technology, debased by technology. They have lost their modesty; shame is unknown to them; and this is the work of Satan with the complacency of man, who uses this as an excuse to indulge in sin in most cases. There will be new things with which evil will echo man, and man will love novelties and despise God.... my Mother warned you. My beloved people, the earth has been saturated with sin, which for most is an everyday thing, nothing new. This sin is a magnet that attracts more misery to humanity. The earth will crack to a significant degree, landslides, man will not be able to justify it. Misused science has led and is leading my people toward hatred, revenge, sin, death, lust, senselessness, and the creation reacts without science, which cannot explain it. My beloved people, the sun will emanate its warmth, affecting communication. Then humanity will feel silence and impotence. My beloved people, pray for Nicaragua; this nation will be flogged. My beloved people, pray for Germany; they will be betrayed and experience the harshness of nature. My beloved people, pray for Japan; its land will shake with force. My beloved people, pray for the United States and Mexico; great upheavals of the earth will cause unrest, and nature will affect them greatly. Pray for Central America. My beloved people, do not separate yourself from my Mother, I am her son. My beloved people, the tyrant who will persecute you has given the order to accelerate his plan. Continue to grow in my Love, in wisdom and in knowledge. Wait patiently, my House will help you, do not give up. 'I am who I am' and no one will uproot my faithful ones. Beloved children, control your free will, so that it does not control you. My people, before darkness overtakes you, draw near to Me. Come to Me, all of you who are weary and carry heavy burdens, and I will give you rest. I bless each one of you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 02 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing remains like a lamp filled with oil for each of my children. I urge you to carefully read and put into practice each of the messages you receive from the Divine Will. You must not feel satisfied with just reading the Scriptures, you must delve into the Divine Word and not feel satiated, but with each passing moment feed more and more on the Divine Truth, the Divine Way, so that you will live in the Divine Will and thus be more spiritually mature and less mundane with each passing moment. Beloved people of my Son, my Heart trembles at the thought of the events preceding the Great Purification of humanity in its totality. I speak to this generation of God's Will - this stubborn generation - waiting for the conversion of a single soul amidst a sea of human will, shattered and uprooted by the evil oppressor of souls. It is not a priority for man to believe in my Son or in these incessant calls. Man is content with material goods and has forgotten eternal Salvation.... selfishness has reduced man to the role of a delirious fiend to satisfy his ego and his wealth, making him more and more in need of having everything his imagination can desire. My Son's people are being manipulated without their awareness or consent. Children, you are literally and aggressively being led to rebel, to challenge my Son. Children, so many of you have squandered the opportunity to help your neighbors! Do you hear the lament of your brothers who are suffering at this moment.... Beloved children, the storms will become more frequent, so much so that you will feel fear. The waves will rise this one place, that other, and science will not be able to warn you. You don't know that this is happening because of the movement of tectonic faults of the earth's layers. My children, you will tremble at the events and fury of nature; you will look with trepidation at the force with which the sea will penetrate the land and destroy what man considers indestructible. In my pain I foresee the fury of the elements, idle volcanoes will surprise mankind, the earth will lament man's indifference to his creator. What are you waiting for, my children, to return to my Son? I do not hide from you the fact that privation will be felt throughout the world. The rich and the poor will suffer hunger, money will not be a means of obtaining food, clothing or medicine. With a collapsed economy, nothing will be suitable for human sustenance until you are ready to put the mark of the beast in your body, the microchip that the rulers of the nations will require of people to deliver them into the hands of the antichrist. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, faith will waver, my children will weep and regret that they did not obey my Son earlier; my children will regret that they were not aware of the personal need to seek and delve into the word of my Son; my children will regret that they did not delve into the Divine teachings and put them into practice. For man, spiritual growth is not important, because he does not believe in the foretold events and does not believe that the conditions of the world will change; even when he sees a sudden and extraordinary change in creation, he does not want to stand in truth about the state of his soul and does not allow his conscience to move him to change. He stops his conscience with his Will. Beloved children, violence in humanity will increase, attacks and assaults will be incessant, the weather will be intensely mocked, and all over the earth the seasons will change, the winds will sow destruction and the frost will rush in. Children, the antichrist is guarded by an elite that rules the destiny of humanity through power; the control exercised by these allies of the antichrist will intensify with social repression. My children, through health, they will lead you to surrender yourselves into the hands of the enemy; by unleashing their hidden power, Freemasonry will find its breaking point to dominate the Church of my Son, and they will remove their mask before the people, who cannot intervene in the matter. You, my beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, persevere in faith, even if what you see beside you is barren, continue to pray with faith and bear witness to the love of my Son and to His promises. Unite to confront evil, so that you can discover it and not be caught in its nets. Beloved children, you will witness the testing of a new weapon whose effects will be spread by the wind.... and death will be a consolation for my children. You will not find a place to bury the dead, and the stench will rise along with sickness, weeping will come from within your soul for not heeding the calls from the Father's House. Confusion will be great because of man's desire to control his brothers. A world leader will lose his life at the hands of his brothers. Agitation will increase, rage will increase. Pray, my children, pray for Argentina; it will be flooded again by the water that falls continuously; its land will not bear fruit, and my children will experience privation and lack. This people of mine will be purified by myself; blood will be shed. Pray, my children, pray for Chile and Venezuela, they will taste pain again; the land will be shaken. Pray, my children, alliances seem confirmed when betrayal is a hidden strategy that, like a bird of prey, will arrive unexpectedly. Pray for France; it will suffer from terrorism, and nature will flog it. Pray for the United States; the cleansing has not left its soil. Pray for Russia; it will scourge humanity; it has won the desired time. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, come to know my Son, so that you may discover Infinite Love, without which you will live in emptiness and, unable to find your way, you will come to adore people who, with treacherous words, will tell you that they possess the power given by my Son.... they will tell you that they possess the word of my Son.... they will tell you that they are chosen by my Son.... and instead they will lead you to be stray creatures separated from grace. Beloved children, the comet that I announced is near, and with its proximity, the change of man will be evident, in the weather and in all of nature. Earthquakes are increasing, my children, and with them tsunamis. Man does not believe that sin affects all of his surroundings, and even animals will change their habits and treatment of man. Beloved children, seek the truth, it is within you. First see yourselves in the truth, and after examining yourselves, go to reconcile with my Son, in this way you will be able to begin the way to order within yourselves, to order within yourselves. Rise above yourselves so that you will truly know yourselves, finding the center of truth that is within each of you. You will find the truth only within yourselves, because truth, not being light, not being reason, not being conscience, is necessary for you to rise above yourselves. You have goodness, you must do goodness, you must work and act in goodness, you must act in goodness. My Son expects no other treatment from His children. Beloved ones, you walk insecurely in the power of my Son, in His Divine Omnipotence, in Divine Providence, and this manifests itself in fear, in weak and unstable faith. These are moments when my children must live fully, being children of my Son and possessing the goods of the Father's House, being assisted and filled with the Holy Spirit. Allow the fruits that my Son has given to you to blossom; do not delay, for this moment is closer than any other moment to the core of the Great Tribulation. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I am with you at this moment more than at other moments; let me guide you. Come to me. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 04 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Love for my people is infinite.... do not ask who 'my people' are, my people are all human creatures faithful to our Will, attentive and obedient to our Will. Beloved children, indifference is the antithesis of love, and on this basis my people are divided by their own Will. He who has no love is not worthy to enter My House. Just as a bird glides through the air, the souls who have an excess of my Love are those who glide on the spiritual path and know my Mercy well without rejecting my Justice. This is the moment when you invoke My Mercy to justify human sin.... A person who acts in this way is greatly mistaken! my love has no limits.... my mercy has no limits.... My justice has no limits.... you speak of My Mercy in words full of hesitation, leading My people to believe that they are worthy of My Mercy without repentance. At this time, you must walk the paths with the help of My Holy Spirit; in this way, every step will be guided, so that you will not believe what is not true. My Love - deposited in each of my children - leads you to recognize and accept that if you do not live, bearing witness to my Love, if at the last moment of your life you refuse to recognize yourself as sinners and reconcile with me, then by the will of man my Love is withdrawn and replaced by indifference and hatred, and you will not attain eternal life. My beloved people, you are all loved by Me, but not everyone accepts My Love; this stops many of My children. When they reject Me, hatred enters them, which drives their actions and works away from My Love and thus from My Mercy. You do not have the strength to imagine what it would be like to remain on earth without my Love; everyone experiences my Love according to human will, some more, others less, each according to his own measure. Children, imagine for a moment life without my Love; in the lake of fire, souls remain completely devoid of Me. There they do not live my Love. When a person gives up on Me, everything that is contrary to goodness and everything that is contrary to My Love enters the nature of creation. Violence increases, and so horror and fear spread throughout the land as man separates himself more and more from Me. You forget that in My Vineyard, everyone receives the same retribution; that is, everyone who accepts My call and revives it before ungodliness spreads like a plague. The entire creation interacts with man and receives from him what it has in itself. That is why I constantly say that creation does not recognize man who despises me and disobeys me. It would be different if mankind took the path of righteousness, working and acting in my image. People would possess so many virtues! This moment would be so different! My light would embrace everyone, and the fire of my Justice would not touch you. My people, this moment is shortened; the tainted rays of the sun fall on mankind and the weakness in man is felt in the flesh; this weakness does not allow man to resist the promptings of Satan, who urges him to abandon grace, repentance, faith, deceiving man with lies and causing him to fall into evil deeds. My beloved people, save your soul at this time, when the presence of evil comes out to meet man in every circumstance, when sin is the evil that suffocates man so that he does not understand My Love, moves away from it and gives himself over to evil with joy, carried away by evil spirits that move in all directions. Evil will drag down My children, those for whom I gave Myself, and the possessions of those who are Mine will be destroyed to make them seek refuge with those who work for evil. The unbelievers, the ungodly, those who have lived in darkness, will be like vultures seeking prey. Therefore, I urge you to make an effort to cling to the faith and not be of those who do not know me. You will experience pain anew. Unbelievers will attack with greater force those who are Mine; the truth will be adulterated even more strongly than it is now. Goodness will be seen with contempt, and the righteous man will hear false teachings from the mouth of evil, which will spread throughout the land. The righteous man will be able to discern what the ignorant will accept as correct. My Mercy reaches as far as My children will allow. My Mercy waits for a person's call, even when they may be the biggest sinner. They ignore forgiveness because they do not forgive. I am forgiveness and I do not ignore the repentant son, the son who begs with repentance and a firm purpose to change. My Mercy is infinite, just as infinite is our love for man. My people, it is not only sea water that invades the earth; it has been invaded by Satan, as I announced, as My Mother announced. It is not only the sun that causes skin cancer, it is man who keeps his heart in a state of decay and is therefore insensitive to the pain of others, and mercy is a non-existent word for him. I offer you my Mercy, my forgiveness. Come to me, do not reject my calls. The clouds will come quickly, man will look up and reject what he sees, nothing will be familiar to him who gives himself over to the malignant oppressor. War has not ceased, my children, she is under the cover of territory to surprise man. Evil has created power and given it to several world powers to change human nature and the elements. In an instant, evil initiates its actions, and man looks aside. My people, my Church, will suffer; do not forget that 'I am who I am,' and my people will never be left out of my hand or that of my Mother. My beloved ones, what man has rejected as a threat will be activated with power at this moment. Dormant volcanoes will awaken, streams will become flowing rivers, lands will be silted up and lose their resilience and solidity.... the sin that man has deposited in the earth will rise to the surface. My people, man created with his hands what he uses to fight his enemies. Right now the power is in the weapons, except that man did not foresee that the atmosphere is contaminated by the sun and by the same man, and therefore the effects of his creations will exceed the expectations of science. Children, My people, the moment is not waiting, I am waiting for My people now! You will receive My help and My peace, so that you will not despair in the presence of the doer of evil. My Angel of Peace will come to give My people the light that was stolen by the malicious oppressor. My Love will live with my people at all times, until those who are mine receive my inheritance. Do not look for Me outside of you, look for Me inside each of you, where the oppressed wait for a single word: 'my Lord!' ... Pray, my children, my Mercy does not despise any of those who come to me repentant. Pray, my children, that the earth will continue to shake, changing its geography. Pray, my children, creatures, agitated by the convulsions of peoples, will lead to the shedding of innocent blood. Pray, my children, pray to my Holy Spirit, ask for discernment, do not be separated from me. My people, my Love is eternal, you only have to love me and repent for the evil you have committed. Come to me, children, come to me, your Lord is waiting for you! Do not disregard my calls, do not wait. Come to me! Live the wonders of my Love. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 08 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I seek a place of refuge, I make a pilgrimage from Heart to Heart in my children to give them the support of my motherhood and to lead them to my Son, 'the Way and the Truth and the Life.' Beloved children, you must not separate yourselves from the Will of God, where all order, goods, virtues and gifts are concentrated over abundance for those who choose to be more spiritual. My Son constantly calls you to live in God's Will, that is, in obedience to God's Will, the ordinances, living a living witness to God's Love and the evangelization of the Word - revealed in the Scriptures and explained in these calls of love - and the daily practice of all that characterizes the people of my Son. Beloved children, you must understand that each of you has been given a mission from on high to be a living example of the deeds and works of my Son and to fight for eternal Salvation, not only your own, but that of your brothers and sisters. This generation has transgressed the Law given by the Father to His children, an eternal and universal Law. It is the Law that gave you the knowledge of good and evil in the intimacy of the human conscience by means of the intellect, so that you freely choose as man was allowed to choose. This generation chooses evil and - going against the universal Law - rebels and refuses the enlightenment of the Holy Spirit, despite being rational beings. Beloved children, the human will needs God's help to abide in union with the fullness with power. At this moment, mankind resolutely rejects this Divine Help and accepts evil, which it should not have access to, and so restrains human powers, rendering them inert by acting on that which is inferior, which is evil. At this time, man looks at himself and becomes stagnant, does not think that there is something more. Everyone is a child of my Son, but not everyone has gained eternal life. You must act and work in the likeness of my Son, you must obey His will, you must live the Commandments, you must receive the blessings and fulfill the sacraments in order to be worthy heirs of eternal life. Everyone has been redeemed by my Son, but not everyone lives this redemption or is an extension of it. Therefore, not everyone is reconciled to participate in His Love and eternal Salvation. Not everyone has attained Heaven; everyone must attain it. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, use reason to ask yourselves: what have I given? ... what do I deserve? ... My Son does not deceive you when He promises eternal life; what happens is that man does not know what eternal life is, does not delve into the Salvation of the soul when he ignores what the soul is and how to save it. My children see what happens to them, but they don't see what they do and don't think about how they use the human will; and, my children, it is the human will that is innocent or guilty of man's deeds and works. People say that mercy comes from God. And justice? Divine Justice is the justice of the one who is righteous among the righteous; Divine Justice is not given if man is not worthy of it, if he is not attracted to it. Fear, uncertainty, wondering what is about to happen, confusion, disobedience, rebellion and inconsistency are the human factors through which a man of little faith makes himself known, and his great question.... To believe or not to believe in what is coming, in crises, great shortages, revolts, pandemics, political upheavals, robberies, assassinations and persecutions, among some of the cases I mention, along with the plagues that will come from the universe to earth, signs and signals of the elements; this is a sign of man's spiritual immaturity, immaturity in the face of a reality that is closer every moment and which man will only manage to stop through serious repentance and constant conversion. My children, my Immaculate Heart calls you to return to the righteous path, listen to the voice of the shepherd of souls; do not confuse the Word of God with the word spoken by men. Know the holy word and let the Holy Spirit guide you. Let reason not be an obstacle, but let it be the light that leads you to penetrate the heights. Beloved children, the sun remains at a constant boiling point; a great sign will descend from heaven and reach the earth; a meteorite will wreak destruction. The world powers are not ignoring this, you must not ignore it. You have all been warned by my Son and by me. The signal will cause terror, leaving death in its path; the tsunami will rise and usurp life in an instant. Wickedness has increased without measure; the devil has instilled his wickedness in people, transforming minds and hearts into shields against love and life. On the face of the earth there has never been a generation so devoid of will as that which is subject to the devil, forbidding man to express faith in my Son. Immorality - the absence of God in today's society and in the world as a whole - is a great sign that I announced in my revelations, and people do not want to see it. Egoism among people is so great that they kill each other, hurling venomous criticism to defeat missions, not thinking that it is the devil who gains the upper hand when God's children are divided. Parents fall into anguish, their children rebel, lies rise up and gain territory, the enemy eclipses the youth, who have lost all shame, because of the air that has been tainted with the devil's madness. Youth who fall into the meanness of error.... Parents will lament that they have not brought their children to the knowledge of my Son! Pray, my children, pray; all over the world, industries are closing down, the economy is collapsing, and man is looking for those to blame. Pray, my children, pray for Argentina; it is suffering because of man, the pain is precipitating. The weather will be relentless and cause more pain. Shocks are at hand, minds are inflamed. Pray, my children, pray for the United States; its earth is shaking with force, weakness is coming, its people have fallen into great error, politics will come to a standstill like never before. Pray, my children, pray for Italy; its nightmare is coming in the midst of anguish; volcanoes are roaring, sleepers are waking up, Vesuvius is screaming, and people are running out of time. The people with economic power will want to share their wealth, but it will be too late, too late. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, on May thirteenth, I wish that a chain of the Holy Rosary be established throughout the world; every human creature must consecrate itself to our sacred hearts. It is important for humanity to unite and for the prayer of the Holy Rosary to be uninterrupted throughout the world. Pray for Russia; she who slept in apparent peace is awakening. Pray, my children, love and adore my Son, abide in faith, so that the winds will not bend you to the steps of the great tyrant of mankind. The earth speaks to man, but man did not listen to her before the great compromise with evil. That which is mundane still exists and will be reborn, giving free rein to evil; my children will feel that they are dying. Do not turn away from my Son, receive Him worthily prepared. You, my children, wait patiently and with faith. You will witness the Angel of Peace whom my Son will give to His faithful, so that they will not be oppressed by the wickedness of the antichrist. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, save your souls, call upon me, I am with you to guide you to my Son. I am Mother to each of you, and as Mother I lead you to the light. Ask the Holy Spirit for help, do not go without entrusting yourself to Him. My Son is life and it is life in abundance, do not let your faith falter. I warn you to be prepared, not to fall or lose heart. Be one in the love of my Son. Come, I am setting you on the path of goodness. To those who read and put this word into practice, I bless each of you. I bless you. I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 11 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I am guarding you as you approach our meeting. This is the moment when many of My children follow the wrong path, because they ignore My Word or want to remain in sin. From the beginning of my calls to all my children, in this Word I have foreseen everything that has happened to this generation, what is happening and what will happen, so that you will be prepared. I was left on the sidelines, just as my Mother was left on the sidelines. You are living the effects of My revelation and do not believe, although you have the events before you. My Merciful Love does not stop, it remains in constant motion, seeking souls and renewing those who give themselves to conversion. My universal love is complete, making no difference or bias towards certain people. I give my hands to all who call upon me with a contrite heart. My beloved ones, Salvation is not found by extending my hand, nor by simply reading and memorizing a few verses of my Word. No! Salvation is found in loving obedience to our will and in living this Holy Word to the fullest, putting it into practice every day, every moment. He who does not live the practice of my Word risks believing anyone who comes up and says: 'I am the Christ. What has not yet been said will be said: 'Where sin has increased, grace has abounded even more.' My people, I love Rome, where grace abounded, but sin was spreading there, sin that stealthily infiltrated it, taking over among my people, perverting the raison d'etre of my Church. Mankind corrupted its flesh, not needing death, not being in grace, it achieved this while alive. The powerful dug long underground tunnels as a place to stay after committing great mistakes against my people, giving them pain, tragedy, famine and pestilence, forgetting that nothing will allow them to escape from my hand. And you, mortal, do not fear them and do not be afraid of their words, though thorns and roots surround you, and you live among scorpions, do not be afraid of their words and do not be afraid of their looks, for this is a rebellious house. No creature will pass before me without judgment, not even the most exultant on earth. At this time there is great anxiety, sorrow and anguish of mind. My people are suffering, they are afraid, but my Holy Spirit will lift them up with power, with the power of my hand. In order for them to come to me, my Church must be cleansed of errors. The upheaval in the world is increasing under the public appearance of the antichrist: who has been giving guidance to my people from time immemorial. My children are being led into greater temptations because of the proximity of the Great Warning - an act of mercy for my people. I encourage you, be my true children, come to me and I will give you eternal life. I did not send you to suffer, but to live, being one in my Love. Evil was not inert, and man paralyzed the law of love and became an automaton of the course of the world. Therefore, he comes to suffer of his own accord, being outside my Will, and entails not only evil, but also his own purification. Suffering is not light or easy for any man, and this generation enjoys the suffering of its brothers, betrays its own parents.... so many devote their lives to immorality, which, as God, I do not condone! I have not moved away from my children, my Love gives them the strength to resist temptation, I forgive them and await their return when they regret having sinned. My children do not believe in sin because they do not know my Love. I will return at My Second Coming and give joy to those who have suffered, when I separate the wheat from the weeds. My beloved people, each one of you must bear witness to My Love, each one of you is responsible before Me for what is happening at this moment, each one of you is participating, agreeing, consenting to good or evil, in one way or another, with the passivity with which you allow what is happening. You are amazed for a moment and then return to your activities. I call you to be spiritual by showing spiritual growth, being the last, carrying the greatest burden, not seeking honor, accepting my resolutions, responding with my Love, not judging, being one, because the one who calls for disunity, the one, is not in my Love. I have instruments that I use to explain My Word to you, the disobedient generation. No one knows everything about my instruments. That is known only to me, as God. My people, the way the earth shakes in its bowels is the way a man's heart will tremble when he looks up and sees the fire coming closer and closer until it falls into the sea and causes high waves in the seawaters that will hit countries. Pray, my children, pray for Puerto Rico; the water will rise over this land. Pray, my children, pray for the United States; it has placated the citizens of the world and lives with them in degeneration. The power on this earth is not my power. Pray; this nation will suffer from the Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean; the east coast is cleansed of its sin. Nature is working. Pray, my children; Mexico will suffer; its land will tremble; violence is increasing; these people will be oppressed. Pray, my children, pray for Europe; it will suffer strong attacks from those who rebel against Europe. Spain will surrender my temples of abominations. Italy will nestle in my temples music that calls to the devil, and he arrives in terror and horror. Bulgaria will suffer. Children, my people, do not wait, the moment is ... 'I am who I am', my shadow covers you. Be faithful children, I will not abandon you. Come to me. Consecrate yourselves on May 13, do not underestimate this love of our Holy Trinity. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 13 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I remain before each of my children because my Son does not want you to be confused. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, it is necessary for each of you to specifically ask me for help, so that I, as Mother, may take you by the hand and lead you to my Son. Each of your cries is a balm for me, for which my Heart longs, so that I may intercede for you for your Salvation before my Divine Son. I will not abandon you, children, I will not leave you alone, at this time, with the infernal enemy, through organizations created for the benefit of man, but which have created death, and you ignore this because you trust in human protection, and these organizations have given themselves over to the devil. Technology has advanced and at the same time created people who do not think, who act like the majority. Misused man-made science is a weapon with which man flogs himself. Look, children, at all that is happening on earth! The earth is being stifled by man and his evil deeds; sin has ceased to be sin and has become blasphemy. Some temples are nauseating stages where the devil has satisfied himself and continues to indulge himself. Thus, right in front of all of you, my children, the devil will receive some temples in a sacrilegious manner. The temples of my Son are not stages for worldly spectacles; music that calls Satan King of the world cannot be accepted where my Son is adored. The devil infiltrates the church, and the church does not see the great insult done to Heaven. Children, do not participate in sacrilegious activities inside temples. My children need to expand their knowledge so as not to be misled: 'Render to the emperor what is emperor's, and to God what is God's.' In the spirit there is no half way, you belong to God or to the devil. Man in his madness - because of his contempt for God's Law and disobedience - has become the greatest danger to himself. My maternal Heart is suffering so much! Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, not only at Fatima, but also in My apparitions and revelations to the world, I keep calling for man's rescue. The journey must be continuous. In order to achieve the joy of union with my Divine Son, you must make an effort until every work, every act you do, is done with the awareness of being children of the King, and this leads you to act and work in the likeness of my Son. Such action is seen as impossible because of the agitation of humanity, but it is not impossible for those who want to belong more to my Son, to be more spiritual, to be closer, truer to themselves and to the Divine Will, which all people should strive for. My Son's people will be severely persecuted in their own land; every creature faithful to my Son will be persecuted as foretold, each in a different way. Sacrifice all that you live for the Salvation of souls. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the Holy Trinity has entrusted me with the protection of its children, so that as Mother of the Word I may be the one who will fight at your side against the hosts of Satan under the defense of Saint Michael the Archangel and the legions of heaven. My children, the specter of war is no longer a specter, and you are experiencing an onslaught, only a silent one, through a war of words and threats that will become action, fearing and foreshadowing the Third World War. You must not allow the implantation of a microchip in the human body, have faith; neither my Son nor I will allow a faithful people to march under the illusions of the followers of the antichrist, who walks freely throughout Europe, daring to enter even the House of my Son. Better weapons than those you know are in the hands of the powers that be, who will not hesitate to use them if they feel threatened. The great madness of man has created weapons that can cause the greatest destruction on earth. Enough of this! Do not continue to deny the calls of my Son and mine! Do you not understand that you are giving the devil more power? Man is not only a body; he has a spirit, a soul, reason, five senses, intelligence and a will, all of which, when offered and taken into action in the way of my Son, multiply infinitely, spreading goodness throughout the earth and on into the universe. Bacteria and viruses multiply in a sick body; they multiply if the disease is not treated quickly. This is what happens to the earth; everyone is a body that spreads good or spreads evil, and therefore evil attracts negativity to the earth itself, from the universe, so it is a few heavenly bodies that will reach the earth. Man does not know how good or evil can influence for better or worse. My prophecy at Fatima has not yet ended. My Son's Church will suffer from schism; mankind does not see it, because of the accelerated daily life, man has separated himself from my Son because of human activities to which man gives higher priority. The people of my Son must take up prayer anew to Saint Michael the Archangel, protector of my Son's Church. My request at Fatima has not been fulfilled.... children of my Immaculate Heart, as Mother I ask you to consecrate yourselves to our Sacred Hearts, personal consecration as well as for the world. I pour out abundant grace upon those who will fulfill this request on this day. I expressed a greater request that would stop the sorrows that will befall humanity. I have not been heard ... children of my Immaculate Heart, do not separate yourselves from my Son, receive the Eucharist, remain united, share the happiness that comes from being children faithful to the Divine Will, desire souls so that you bear the fruit of eternal life, persevere in the faith even when it seems to you that all is lost. To the amazement of all mankind, the legions of angels will come to save the people of my Son, my children, whom I bore despite the darkness that tried to undermine the Church of my Son. Evil will not prevail, I will crush the tyrannical oppressor of humanity and bind him so that he cannot mock my Son's people. You have entered the moment, and my children know it, the moment of purification. A shepherd who loves his sheepfold does not give it into the hands of the enemy, but warns it and leads it to another pasture where it will not be devoured. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Immaculate Heart will triumph, and you, children faithful to my Son, will rejoice in eternal lap. Receive my Blessing as you read this invocation and give life to it. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 17 2016 - Jesus Christ
My people, I love the hearts of the humble, for they are submissive to my calls.... My people, seek Me outside yourself, and you will find Me within yourself.... My people's interest is different, they do not want to get close to Me and know Me, but delve into the novelties that the world presents to them. That's why they stopped seeking me, stopped obeying me, forgot my requests and replaced them with their personal wishes, interests and whims, which leads them to be like little children, behaving in the same way, immaturely and with an ego so entrenched that they don't see their brother next to them, and above all those who need them. They let the ego grow deeper roots until they become so strong that although they want to overcome their own humanity, pride will overcome them. They quickly forget that they are fighting the devil and his legions at the moment more than others, and they don't see him, they don't believe they hear him; he only controls them, taking them from my Will to become others of his own, repeating his behavior. And what does he attack? The heart of man, hardening it, desensitizing it, until he leads the Heart to act contrary to the way it should move properly inside man. My people, you wrongly seek Me with hardness of heart. It is not so much wisdom - though it is necessary - that is able to convey My Word; it is the constant living, practicing, of what man keeps in his heart. My beloved ones, a hardened heart does not comprehend the interior of its brethren; it is not wise to derive spiritual profit in its brethren; on the contrary, it becomes senseless and foolish. My people, you must desire me. When you abandon this desire, interests are different, personal interests appear, not my Will, and you imprison your brother's Heart in your personal human Will. Children, you must constantly remind your memory that you do not know everything. Inner strength is born when you know what you store in your memory, but you must constantly remind your memory that it is not with memory that you come to Me, you come to Me with what you store in your Heart, because the Heart cannot give what it does not have, and therefore what comes out of memory is memory, not reality. My people, he who lives in discord does not allow wisdom to guide him along the way. The wise man is humble, and in his Heart is the intense living radiance of my Merciful Love. There are so many who speak of Me with great eloquence, but do not convey My Love to their brothers! My people, seek knowledge, delve into Me, but with a Heart of flesh, the knowledge you gain will be erroneous. Seek Me by loving what you seek, by loving yourself and your brothers, because for a person to do the right thing, there must be a parallel between what he transmits and his heart. My people, you say that you raise your hearts to me, and this is not true.... you tie the Heart to the will of man or to the desire for personal interests, which mostly belong to the world and its selfishness. You seek the answer to the unity to which I call you as My children, but this unity has no answer except the one that naturally flows from the Heart that is united with Me and that desires union with its brothers and sisters. My people, I have called you to unity. As God, I know each one individually; you are not alike, your interests are different. But if I call you, each one must be available to the purpose for which I have called you.... You have been called by Me, but you come as spectators, without making the decision to move from being a mere spectator to participating in the action that aims to create unity. The one who wants to be a spectator will be an obstacle at some point.... He who wants to act in the call first fights his human ego to seek inner similarities with his brothers and is ready with a submissive heart to be life at my request.... The devil is agile to cause contradictions among those who are mine; therefore, unity should never be neglected. This unity is lost when each of my children takes on personal priorities and is not humbly ready to be part of what I desire, but moves away from knowing my calling. He who claims to know me overcomes his humanity for the sake of my requests.... he who does not know me seeks his personal interests, even if they are not mine. Unity is necessary, and for this it is necessary to know me.... close to my children are moments of anguish, moments when loneliness will accompany my faithful children, and the unity of my people will be the help that will achieve your triumph in my Name. I do not explain my Word so that a few may live it; I want all mankind to live it. Satan has scattered my people and there are few who follow me, but with these few I will manage to keep my people alive. My Angel of Peace will come to be the company you think you have lost when you are persecuted and slandered. The power of my Spirit will accompany you, so that with its light it will heal hearts and confirm the certainty of my Love for my faithful. My Angel of Peace will be a refuge for my people and a light in the darkness, strength for the one who thinks to surrender, and unfathomable mercy that can only come from me. He comes to be valor to my people and peace to those who fear. Have faith. My beloved people, pray; the movements of the earth will continue to increase; there will be great earthquakes all over the earth, this increases the inversion of the earth's magnetic field, and this, along with a strong volcanic eruption, can accelerate the magnetic changes within a few months. Pray, my children, pray; the earth's core emanates its activity toward the outer layers of the earth, and this attracts changes in the earth's magnetism. Communication will be paralyzed, and man will realize that he has no control over everything. Pray, my children, chaos is entering man. Those who are preparing the entrance of the antichrist are speeding up the pace; the elites who control governments on earth are revealing their greatest lie; be attentive. Pray for Venezuela, pray for Brazil. Pray, my children; where it has never trembled, it will tremble. Pray for Spain and for Argentina. Pray, my children, natural disasters are intensifying, pray for Sweden, for Stockholm. My people, who are still struggling, raise a prayer and ask my Holy Spirit for wisdom. He who does not discern does not hold fast. These are moments of confusion and upheaval, when my children express violence and rise up against me; they have exchanged good for evil, with which they confidently ally themselves. New plagues flog you; they do not come from natural causes; they are designed to work against my children. Do not separate yourselves from me; 'I am who I am' and I seek the humble. From now on satisfy the antichrist with human blood; with this blood he will get drunk.... he is the beast who will flog my people. My beloved people, I remain in each one of you; you are My people, whom I defend and will continue to defend. You must be obedient; do not allow evil to penetrate the Heart in any way, for evil will hinder you and lead you to commit evil deeds. Come to My Mercy; I am the Good Shepherd; My Mercy is waiting for you. Come, I am nurturing you. My Heart is a comfort to all. I bless you, make this call a life, make it a life. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 20 2016 - Saint Michael the Archangel
Beloved people of God, our protection remains with you thanks to the Divine Love that the Holy Trinity constantly emanates to her children. Our Queen and Lady of all that is created loves you and protects you all, whether you love her or not. As the commander of the legions of heaven, I have been sent to give orders to the people of our Lord and God, there is one and only one truth in Heaven and on Earth, everywhere, the Divine Word written in the Holy Scriptures emanates the love of God for His children. When it comes to faith, spirit and soul, today's man lives with a complete lack of concern; he is content with the weak and ambiguous thinking on which he bases his faith. At the moment, most of man's opinions about religion have no basis in fact, they are empty, but he defends them as if he were living a blameless life in unity with our King. Today's man thinks he is speaking with authority, and he is lying because he does not have the knowledge that is achieved through faith and conviction, adherence and connection to the Word of God. The norm of the life of the Son of the Most High is to constantly practice love for the Holy Trinity, for our Queen and Mother, for himself and for his brothers. Every human being is called to be a being who seeks the truth with wisdom, using his reason to gain knowledge, enlightened by the Holy Spirit. A man who seeks God without the help of that God does not find Him. Mankind believes that conscience is mute, that it has no voice, and therefore usurps the Word of God, giving the Eternal Father's mandates a different course. The Church, as the mystical body of Christ our King, must obey and fulfill God's Law. God's Law cannot change for any man; it is destined to be the eternal present of the Divine Will for God's people to adhere to. At the moment, our royal church is under attack by currents that oppose God's eternal Law. The goal is for mankind not to oppose this modern religion that allows man to disobey. Debauchery is the business of the people, with the participation of the people, and promoted by people who do not have God as a priority in their lives and therefore do not feel the need to participate in the unspeakable happiness that comes with the fulfillment of all that divinity has provided for man's proper walk on earth. Our King has been set aside. For this reason, those who struggle to be faithful are not in harmony with today's society, which looks upon them with contempt. Woe to the people who live in constant sin! Woe to the allies of evil; they will suffer so much, being in bondage to Satan! They will be so sorry after all the evil they will be led to do! Children of Christ, mankind in general has entered a period of darkness, both in the flesh and in spirit. They do not listen to the calls of our King, nor to Him and our Mother. Vile man seeks to unmercifully defile his neighbor; man is gripped by the madness of demonic rage. This moment is in the convulsive movement of the universe, when man receives what this same man proclaims, proclaims evil with his actions and works. He suffers from the disease of lack of morality, which leads him to lose his common sense, he does not reason, but acts guided by low instincts. Solar emanations came to change the mind of man, and man without God is more susceptible than man with God. The gravitational force of the universe is not the same, it is accelerated, and all the elements existing in the universe have aligned themselves with this accelerated force. The Earth is more susceptible to receiving celestial bodies that will harm it in certain areas of the planet. Our Queen and Mother shed her tears of blood in several countries as a prelude to the events that humanity will experience. Man is constantly rebelling against the Holy Trinity and against our Queen and Mother of mankind. At the moment, this has led mankind to plunge into spiritual ignorance, which expresses itself through abnormal acts and works without scruples, without heart, without fear of God. The trajectory of some asteroids and comets orbit the Earth. Some have been recorded by man, others will appear in the blink of an eye and will surprise scientific people. Some will fall into the sea, causing tsunamis, and others will wipe out cities. Pray, children of God, pray; the lack of order that lives in the minds of people is bringing chaos to countries on several continents. Pray, children of God, pray for Brazil; it will suffer a social outpouring due to lack of morals and food. Pray, children of God, pray for Venezuela; it is suffering. These people will continue to suffer the ravages of communism. Extreme poverty leads to insurgency, which in turn leads to death; the allies of communism will whip people. Argentina is plunged into convulsions; in the shadows are those who secretly inflame the mind and heart of this nation, where blood will be shed. Man will not be able to stop an agitated society, and the fight is coming without recognition. Pray, children of God, pray for the United States; the confusion is the result of the wrongdoing of this nation, which has seriously offended God. San Francisco will suffer; the noise will be silence as the water flows into this land. The country where fun reigns, where money is man's god, and formal gowns adorn the festivities, where great fashion events are held, will be destroyed by the same man. Pray, children of God, pray; the Middle East is burning mercilessly. Pray; the Third World War has begun, and you do not recognize it. Pray, children of God; water is causing great suffering in coastal areas and suddenly in lands where water will appear unexpectedly. Pray, children of God, pray; the butcher antichrist is getting help and protection from members of the elite who rule behind the throne, the Bilderberg club, the illuminati and the Freemasons will make him rise in the blink of an eye. Pray, children of God, pray; at this moment the elements are clearing, the snows are coming in a hurry, the increase in the strength of hurricanes will be such as has never been seen before, the fires will increase, and the earth, through earthquakes, will cause pain to man. This is a moment of time that man has not believed.... Do not forget that the unity of God's people is a refuge from attacks. Do not be distracted, remain united in the Sacred Hearts. We, your traveling companions, your guardians, are close to each of you; call upon us, let us help you in this tribulation. Who like God! Who like God! Who like God! Let the name be praised that is above all names, let the Triune God be glorified! My care is a comfort to children who strive for conversion. Glorified be the Holy and Dignified Trinity! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 22 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My children, I bless you with My Love, which I pour out upon all who thirst for My Will. You walk and walk, discuss and discuss, think you understand and do not. You must keep this enthusiasm of desire for union in my Love. Children, you don't see it, but each one in his thinking and in his memory stores matters that have affected him in his life. When these matters made you shudder and each of you thought you had forgotten them, at some point what each of you carries inside you pops up for good or bad, according to your free will. It is important for each of you to enter into communion with me and focus on asking my Mother and my Holy Spirit for help, so that your thoughts are truly my way, and your memory keeps you focused on me. Children, inside each of you is the flow of your thoughts, your personal intuitions, the concepts that each of you takes as the principle of life. You should be vigilant at this time, because the emissaries of evil are moving all over the earth, and at the slightest indisposition of a human being, they step in to cause a serious storm where there should not even be a light drizzle. I have called on you to be faithful and steadfast. The devils come to cause distress to those who want to live close to me. You didn't realize that the battle is not visible. The devil attacks the inside of a person to cause discomfort, misunderstanding, convulsions, wrong reactions; he brings out the worst in the human ego to make divisions. Be observant, do not fall into Satan's snare. My people, I lead you to inner peace. A soul at peace contradicts a creature focused on me, and a creature that pursues me and is focused on me contradicts the peace of the soul. The human will must move toward me, live in me and be subject to me, so that creation is ordered to my Love and to what comes from my Love. My children, you are in constant evaluation before Me. Every deed, every work represents a treasure before Me. Passivity before Me is a lack of witness to each of My Words; man's apparent certainty before Me is the greatest uncertainty and the clearest sign that he is not walking beside Me. My people, you cannot separate yourself from the authorities of the soul, from the memory with which you do not allow yourself to be distanced from Me, because you keep your memory active. I am in the memory of each of my children. The intelligence to want to be part of my mystical body, the active part, through love, which leads you to behave properly at every moment. The will to want you to live healthy and for good. The Will chooses correctly and directs my children towards me, or it leads you to spiritual weariness, denial, disobedience and thus distances you from my Love. At this time, this is important for my people, who cannot go to the deceptions of evil without knowing so that they can resist them. He who denies evil and sees everything as good cannot get rid of evil, but lives in evil.... he who lives above his brother in order to judge him does not see the harm he is doing, because he does not think that judging is wrong, since it is part of his being, and he has not been taught the correct way to walk my children, which is not to judge.... he who lives out of jealousy does not see that jealousy is an act contrary to love of one's neighbor, when the soul is poisoned by what the same being produces.... The evil that depraves humanity is indifference and being self-centered. What I am leading you to is the common good in my Will. This causes people to become a community of like-minded beings who constantly seek mercy for their fellow human beings. My Love leads to unity; unity leads to union; union leads to order, and order leads to obedience to Me. He who is obedient is free from pride; he does not live in disordered love, where the creature itself comes first; instead, he lives in love, which unites the soul with My Love. My children, remember that he who loves me, loves his brother strongly and abundantly, in such a dimension that the certainty and security of life in me leads him to externalize my Love, present and joyful in human creation, revealing at every moment the greatness of what is not human and common, but acquired by the grace and permanence of my Spirit, in the constant and active giving of myself to my neighbor. My people, remember that the love you possess is the Love that comes from Me, when you work and act according to My Will, not rejecting Me, but in continuous development to achieve greater possession of this gift. The earth that has nested you is cracking more and more, and these cracks will cause territories to disappear. Pray, my children, pray for the United States; it is being purged, racism will spread, causing past events to be revived. There will be mass arrests for no reason other than that it is an order. Pray, my children, pray for Italy; the Vesuvius volcano is attracting pain, awakening with force unexpectedly. Tyranny is coming to Europe, betrayal will take place in these lands. Pray, my children, you will see a great light that will descend from space, it will shine with its own light, causing panic. Then it will fall into the sea and in a few moments the nations will be flooded with water. My people, what I am conveying to you is not fear, it is what will befall you. You must cease the great sins that you constantly commit and with which you offend Me. Recognize that you have allowed Satan to penetrate your hearts, give it up and come to be united with Me; I will not reject you. The suffering in the Middle East will take the rest of humanity by surprise. Within days they will wage a bloody struggle for territories. In the midst of suffering, they will find that which does not belong to them, but is My property; they will find a reason for the great battle for which they have been preparing for years. My children, do not continue to be the creators of death.... be obedient children who return to Me.... beg for the intercession of my Mother, who does not abandon you.... I look at the earth and see it uninhabited; the souls who love our Trinity and my Mother are the ones who attract me, but they are not the majority. My beloved people, communism seems to be waning; it is the strategy of evil to create a new form of slavery to be handed over to the usurper's allies. Do not trust, the convulsions will remain throughout the world; the pain will be unspeakable for those who experience them. Right now, the authorities in some nations of the world are repressing human beings with torture, seeking to subjugate them in light of the agreement of some leaders with the elite who rule the earth. My beloved people, the freedom of my people has been sold to those who are preparing the entrance of the infernal butcher. Do not be misled by the modernisms of My Word, which is written. Know me, delve into me; it will be forbidden for my favorite children to warn my people. An extraordinary event will be announced to my children. Be attentive, the great powers of the illuminati and Freemasons will impose what is not my Will, and my people will be persecuted. Pray, enter into communion with our Will. You live in My Blessing; I am faithful to My People. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 26 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, as Mother I love you.... as Mother I bless you.... as Mother I speak to you with my heart.... Whoever is aware of my Son's love for his people is an obedient creature. Whoever is not obedient to God's commands expressed in the Holy Scriptures cannot call himself spiritual. Whoever stays away from my Son - who redeemed you - cannot aspire to the affairs of Heaven. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, union with my Son is essential for man. This generation is rebellious, deceptive, indifferent, ignorant and hostile to everything that is a sign of Salvation.... this generation is specifically hostile to my Son and, among other things, is a lover of riches.... this generation will be shaken to the point of gnashing of teeth.... by all means I seek you to intercede for each of you and lead you to rediscover the true path. Children, everyone has intelligence, thinking, reason, heart and will. It is in each of these that you must seek my Son and find true knowledge, that which the Holy Spirit gives only to those who ask for understanding and knowledge, but guided by the Holy Spirit. Beloved children, do not waste a moment delving into knowledge that is not based on the Divine Word. It is deceptive, false and will lead you to hell. You must focus your thinking on using this precious moment to expand your knowledge, to act and work in the Divine likeness. He who thinks only of himself does not act correctly. You must first give life in yourselves to the word from Heaven, not to keep it, but to share it with your brothers. Reason, enlightened by the Holy Spirit, will reveal itself in the humility and wisdom with which each child of my Son acts and reacts, as a mirror of works and deeds in the love of my Son. The hearts of my children must be sincere and must guard the Will of my Son in the first place, even against human will.... the hearts of my children are hearts of flesh, not of stone, and offer the first place to the King of kings and Lord of lords, Jesus Christ.... in order to gain raison d'etre, knowledge must remain immersed in the principle of endowment by my Son, in love. Do you want to penetrate further into the true path? I demand obedience. If you do not understand, you will understand along the way. Do not stop at this moment, when Divine Love embraces with its mercy anyone who abandons what is worldly and sinful and gives himself without reservations or conditions. I lead you firmly and tenderly, with maternal love and firmness; this moment is not for weakness; this moment is for the fidelity and unity of all the people of my Son and mine. Come to me, and by my hand I will lead you to the depths of the human will and you will see clearly that my Son is everything and man is man. Everyone bears fruit and that is witness, love. Do not live in the past. This is the moment when you must grow. Remember what you have all been called to do, so that you are not lost. Children, you may know arithmetic, grammar, literature, the great sciences, but we still come to instruct you in obedience and true love, because you do not finish learning the basics, because you are under the control of the human ego, which you must reject. You ignore the Divine Word, you ignore the warnings received in every call, because unconsciousness has taken possession of all your senses, polluting them to the point of hardening. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the man of this generation thinks he is superior, feels he can control with technology everything that exists.... science has forgotten that God exists and that what moves faster than the speed of light cannot be seen by science. What man thinks is his goal is only progress; and within that progress, man will find another, larger one to overcome. Thus man has reached a small scale of the great universe; he has gained a small scale of knowledge. Children of my Immaculate Heart, there is a moment before man. Great events are approaching. You did not believe in the miracles allowed by my Son during my apparitions, especially some of them. You saw the sun approaching the earth, you saw stars falling from the sky. Is this a miracle of God or not? And you still persist in disbelief! You remain in an infinite universe, and without the sun breaking away from Heaven, the divine hand, as if shrinking the universe, at the speed of light, can make a person feel as if the sun is falling and darting toward the earth, although its position has not changed. This was the case in some of my revelations, but even a man of science did not believe what he should know and accept as a miracle. However, this generation will indeed see the powers of heaven move powerfully, changing places. This generation will suffer through the stellar sun and before the power of man, this generation will feel the superiority of the creator and will have to accept that what man has achieved is not what he thought he had achieved. Beloved children, darkness will be separated from light, and darkness is the closest thing to ignorant humanity that mocks the Divine Word. Through mercy, you receive from the Holy Trinity forewarning of what will happen, and yet you do not obey. You know full well that you are warned of coming events not so that you will be afraid, but so that your human will will seek the true path. Children, Heaven is the transmitter and man is the receiver, but the receiver is unbelieving, is disobedient and arrogant, so much so that he doesn't even ask why there are so many announcements from the Father's House for this generation. Those few who are aware are ridiculed and constantly attacked by the many false data that are spread to draw My Son's people away from the truth. Humanity blindly follows the current of the ignorant majority. You have free will, your free will should decide in favor of eternal Salvation. Beloved children, endure this constant onslaught of satanic insinuations, defeat everything that is not God's Will. The Devil likes it when man follows him, he likes everything he suggests, and man obeys without thinking. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, open your senses, bodily and spiritual. This is the moment to give up everything for Salvation; spiritual frigidity is not for this moment. Pray, my children, pray for Portugal, for it will suffer unexpectedly. Pray, my children; Italy will be greatly flogged by nature. The Vesuvius volcano will be news, and Etna will cause people living in the surrounding areas to leave. Pray, my children, pray; France is shaken; terror arrives again in the light of day, agitated by its own rulers. Pray, my children; Ecuador suffers again; Chile is shaken in its land. Argentina suffers; from the upheaval of the few will come the cry that will later overwhelm all my children. Pray, my children, pray for Hawaii; their lament will be intense. My children, the volcanoes will continue to awaken; food will be scarce due to intense floods; the intense heat will contribute to food shortages. Where there is desert, there will be rain, and where there is rain, there will be desert. People of the whole earth, all children of my Immaculate Heart, man will experience what he has stubbornly denied, thus exposing his indifference to the Word of God. My Son's Church will be led into schism. Children, do not wait any longer, seek spirituality, that which does not come to man without his firm decision to seek knowledge, and through knowledge to unite in the Will of God. Do not be afraid, my Immaculate Heart will triumph. You live in my maternal heart. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 29 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, how I love you! Without my children I would have no one to love. I am the King, and a King without children.... What kind of King would that be? My people, enter into the depths of My Heart and drink from the Fount of Mercy that gushes forth for those who wish to take up anew the path toward eternal life. I call you to unity. My children are humble and strive for unity, even if they have to put what they want first, as long as it is not to the detriment of the indications of My Word contained in the Holy Scriptures or the Commandments, the Sacraments and other pious works of love of neighbor. I call you to unity in moments when you witness great human cruelty. In these moments, you will have to open the doors not only to your homes, but also the most important ones, the doors to your hearts, so that you can welcome those who do not know me, but want to know me. You say you know me. Ask yourselves, do you really know me? Do you see me in your fellow man? Or do you see another creature who does not follow the path you want? To the extent that you love me, to that extent should you love your neighbor, so that your humility is my humility, your patience my patience, your tolerance my tolerance, your mercy my mercy, and your severity the same that you apply to yourselves. My people, each one has before him the scales on which every deed and every work is placed, and I see how self-love prevails over the love of my neighbor and over the love of my requests. I ask, and you do not listen to me.... I explain, and you do not listen to my explanations, you disregard me.... Do you realize how this offends me? No, my people, you are not aware of the offense you are causing me. For this and more reason, those who remain in my work and action are few. I greatly regret that you receive me without unity, without awareness of my real and true presence in the Eucharist. How can you approach to receive me when the rags of sin cling to you?.... You do not want to be aware of who I am. I admonish those whom I love, therefore I instruct you in behavior, in the good way to act and work, in what is good. My people, you must give yourselves without measure in order to attain the gifts, virtues and graces that I send to My people. He who seeks finds the way, not only using the finitude of man, but also with a mind enlightened by my Holy Spirit. He who seeks - with his soul, with his mind, with his heart and with his strength - to belong more to My House than to the world, must be open to grace so that he can project himself onto his brother and spread goodness like the rays of the sun to enlighten everything and everyone. Children, the will, reason and thinking do not rise if there is no good in them. You will find yourselves in dullness, which leads the creature to do evil, and thus to lose eternal life. My people, use your freedom so that you approach the acquisition of eternal goods with good will. Abide in my Will, so that the eternal laws, together with the efforts of each of you, will lead to the flow of the Holy Spirit in my children. My beloved people, this moment is precious, do not allow evil to continue to dwell in your brethren, be a witness to my Love and thus attract those who wander in mundanity away from Me. My people, evil moves all its tentacles in search of souls to lead them to eternal perdition. If evil is not curbed in my people, they will not seek goodness of themselves; evil is comfort, debauchery, senselessness, ignorance, .... accepted voluntarily. And this, children, is what the tentacles of evil achieve, being attractive so that you become easy prey. These are confusing moments for my children, when they call good what is wrong. Be vigilant! What is wrong is wrong, it doesn't change like night and day. Confusion will spread with the wind, and my people will be divided in their search for debauchery. Only then will the tentacles of evil reveal the truth they have been hiding, but by then man will already be a victim tainted by the carnage that has infested his mind. These are the moments when you must decide to live away from the human ego, away from pride, away from sin. These are the moments when you must call sin everything that is against the law of God's people. Pray, my children, pray that those who approach to receive me will be worthy of me. Pray, my children, pray. There will be a shortage of food. The authorities are denying food to the people, and nature is interrupting food production. Pray, my children, pray in the moments just before imprudence.... Pray, my children, pray for Japan and India; they will be badly shaken. Pray, my children, pray; the water is hitting Mexico and the Philippines hard. My people, you do not listen to the explanations of my Word; you do not want to use my drops of truth to your eyes to stop and regain the dignity of my children. Communism attacks without being visible, thus extending its power over the nations. Communism appears benevolent, but when it is in power, it is the enemy of my children. My children are suffering from the horrors of a silent war that has spread throughout the world; a war against man with the consent of the man in power; a war against the people who suffer because they are hungry not only physically but spiritually, and in the face of this man falls prey to false satanic ideologies. The devil is constantly appropriating the will of man to make it tolerate sin. My people, darkness comes to earth suddenly, without explanation. Remain prepared in spirit united with my Mother, who does not abandon you. From outer space you receive a threat that science denies. Laboratories in the hands of the elite continue to spread flogging to my children, diseases continue. The sun will give a spectacle that is not a cause for concern for humanity. My people, social agitation is spreading throughout the land; do not participate in violence. A certain leader finds death planned by those close to him. My people, delve into me, draw near to my Mother. Do not be afraid, practice the Commandments constantly. Be obedient to my Word. My children have faith; even when they walk, not seeing the physical light, they will be illuminated by the light of the Helper. Pray; always lift up prayer - it is food - and put it into action. My Love pours out in a special way to those who recognize Me. I am the Lord, your God. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 03 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. The clock is still ticking, and mankind is submitting to time; mankind is constantly thinking about time and how to allocate it so that the duties of the day fit into the scheme that man has arranged for his daily life. Time is no longer time, but man does not pay attention to it. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you live in your time, in the time that each of you creates for your plans and life projects. Time is no longer time. We have repeatedly said that in God's time the space called time has ceased to be time. Time has become the moment, which is the one in which you live, which is the moment of moments, in which human time passes between day and night, but in the moment of the universe is a brief and fleeting flash of light; hence the importance of man's awareness to every word the Holy Spirit gives him. Man alone cannot understand the urgency of God's calls. Therefore, I tell you that you must focus your senses on the truth, managing your thoughts so that the mind centers in God and thus pursues the Salvation of the soul. The soul is in constant contact with the Holy Trinity, and the Holy Spirit, through the spirit of man, communicates him with the will of God. Therefore, I call upon the people of my Son to respond and not get caught up in the mediocrity of low instincts. Children, most rulers do not want to leave their places, because they are aware of everything that reaches humanity and therefore want to keep their power. The earth is a beautiful place. Right now, man has made it the shame of the universe. Man has stepped out of himself, out of his reason, without realizing his actions; man has forgotten the value of his soul and does not listen to our call to act and work on the Divine Path. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, destruction is coming to both small countries and great nations. People do not want to pay attention to this in any way; I can only say that prayer, penance and sacrifice are the most necessary for action and work at this time, crucial for the Salvation of souls. Sin keeps man in a great darkness that blinds him and obscures his thinking, does not give him peace of mind and therefore commits unthinkable acts. With great sadness in my heart, I repeat that disobedience to God's Commandments wants to imprison justice, so that injustice is a daily practice. Pray, my children, pray; the asteroid is smashed by man, but a large part of it falls into the sea, being a cause of terror and fear for humanity, while other fragments penetrate the earth. Humanity is plunged into chaos, not seeing it in the light of truth. The iniquity of the wicked confuses My children, who cannot break free from the tentacles filled with lies and errors. My Son has already announced this: they will walk, seeing evil as good. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the devil is weighing down next to each of you so that you have failures and reject this reality. In this way, you become easy prey for evil, and so you work in its favor by your evil actions, killing the innocent and defenseless, seeing every brother as a suspect and, like savages, fighting among yourselves. The warning is a great truth revealed to you in order that you prepare yourselves.... everyone feels prepared, but it is not true until you stop muddying your soul and spiritual senses with venial sin. This moment is for you to rise in the spirit, to delve into the Scriptures and fulfill the Will of God in the Commandments, Sacraments and others.... But above all in the Law of Love. Pray, my children; the sin of this generation is the scourge of the brethren, bleeding humanity with so much blasphemy, lust, ungodliness and other sins; this generation is stained with human blood. This blood attracts purification to the earth, so the diseases they will suffer from have not been experienced before, and only with the medicines I have given them and will give them in my invocations will they be able to be healthy. Children of my Immaculate Heart, you will see great signs in the sky, great signs that you have never seen before, and they will happen one after another. You will discover that the earth is not only reversing its poles, but is also sliding against the same man, and animals and plants have mutated due to climate change. As mankind, you are not in harmony; and as God's children, some are walking, struggling to be faithful, while others are walking in total debauchery and disobedience. Not now, this has been maturing for some time through the forgetfulness of God, which the same Church of my Son will take to itself. What is spiritual has been set aside for money, for politics and social relations.... The Church will suffer the consequences of this with the greatest pain. Pray, my children; Italy will suffer; it will be invaded from one moment to the next, and Rome will be flogged in the midst of birth pains; Russia will step in and take what belongs to my Son, the basilica. My Son's people will have to gather with my faithful favorite children in hidden places, but from these hidden places the light of faith will rise to the Father's throne. Beloved children, the Church will be desolate and will know that the alliances with other religions were not true, but served to lead my children into confusion; and as a result, my children have become more frigid than they were before, and the devil has snatched them up and drunk their blood in order to abominate them.... my children, the devil is on the spearhead; he is near. The warning is not far from man; in an instant you will explain your disobedience and the wrongs you have done, the good you have not done and the disobedience with which you have wounded the Sacred Heart of my Son. Children, everyone grew spiritually of their own accord, some closed the door, others lived half-heartedly, others refused to look to my Son, and still others gave themselves completely. I must confirm to you that those who live half-heartedly will have to convert, otherwise the pain they will suffer will be great. Pray, children, pray; the war that has already begun will intensify its effect as political decisions in the United States approach. This nation will be threatened by the meteorite that is approaching; politics will become static. This nation will suffer to the point of boredom. The Mount St. Helens volcano will erupt. The Yellowstone volcano is bigger than scientists think. People of my Son, the earth will continue to be agitated with force; great volcanoes will erupt, and those that were dormant will awaken. Man, with his evil actions, emanates evil into the universe, and the universe returns it to the earth with even greater force, thus awakening the creation, which looks upon man as a great unknown. Children of my Immaculate Heart, it is with sadness in my maternal Heart that I speak to you at this moment, which will not pass until humanity is cleansed and washed of all its sins. My Son warned you that when mankind disregards the Law of God and a man lives with a man and a woman with a woman, when governments condone such behavior and a part of my Son's Church spreads it - remember - this is a great sign of the nearness of what has been foretold. Do not be confused, purification will take place. Nature will alarm man with sudden changes and great events that he has never experienced before. Then the great deceiver will come without mankind understanding it, without mankind recognizing it, because of man's separation from Heaven. Freemasonry, illuminati, communism, those who are economically powerful will establish the King as the spawn of evil. Help will come from the Father's House and in your midst will be a mirror of my Son's love, will sustain you in faith, hope and love until my Son comes in his Second Coming to earth. My Son and I are not abandoning you. At the end of the Tribulation, with new eyes, new ears and a renewed will, man will cry out 'Abba Father!' Beloved ones, wait; my Son at His Second Coming will shake up all creation and come for His faithful ones; therefore, persevere and do not give up. Beloved people of my Son, in the face of an unexpected war, my maternal love will pour out to every human creature who wants to belong whole to my Son. I will send my heavenly legions to you, I will gather you so that you will not suffer. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 05 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I call you to pray together; it is necessary for this sinful humanity. I have already revealed to you the moment in which you are living.... You persist without listening to My calls, you persist without looking at reality, and because you do not know Me, it is more difficult for you to recognize Me. I was infinitely merciful, I am infinitely merciful and I will be merciful forever.... Man abuses My Love and refuses to return to My lap when false and erroneous notions of what is forgiveness wander in his mind.... I would not be a Righteous Judge if I did not judge the sinner who does not repent; I would be an imperfect God. It is ignorance on man's part to pretend that I do not judge sin. Modernism believes that it has modified everything I have handed down to man, assuring him that I will return and forgive him. Yes, I will return, but in order to separate the good from the bad and the lukewarm. I will separate the one who has repented and converted from the one who has not repented. Man's self-denial increases the power of evil over that same man; the will to fight sin is not the same in the one who fights and tries not to perish as it is in my child, who does not put up any resistance, and, seduced by evil, voluntarily sinks into vices and misconceptions about the non-existence of a place of sorrow for those who have been obstinate in evil. Man has five senses, and through them he has the gift of perceiving what is external; at the same time, man has inner spiritual senses that help him perceive the truth of what his reason approves of, and the folly and falsehood that reason urges him to reject. You are not alone; humanity has one thing in common, and that is that you are my children.... that is why reason calls you; it makes you restless when you refuse to say 'yes' to understanding something that is true, and resist persisting in the madness of the world. Children, my people, evil is not greater or has greater power or greatness than me. You have free will and therefore, without reasoning, without listening to the calls of reason and understanding, you throw yourselves blindly into the void, giving yourselves over to the devil in those moments that are so important to humanity. If you remain idle and refuse to grow by delving into my Word, you will allow what is contrary to my Will and abnormal, and you will approve what your brothers, through pacts with evil, will present to you in order to hasten the arrival of the domain of the antichrist. My people, it is not that you do not see evil. As a people, you feel where evil is, but because evil is permitted by some who represent me, you overlook this feeling, and you give yourselves madly to lust, dishonesty, immorality and all the other sins with which the devil tempts you, and you fall, accepting everything that is presented to you on your path and refrain from anything. I ask you to understand that you should delve into knowledge. It is the duty of those who are mine to oppose through knowledge that which is wrong and beyond the limits of Divine Law. Beloved ones, my Truth is unchangeable, and he who abides by it and makes it his life will find the light of truth, a light that is universal, because our Trinity is the essence in which all truths dwell. Children, we have called you so strongly to delve into our Trinity, into our truth, into the clarification of our word, to receive the word of my Mother, to whom we have given the most special place at this moment with each of you, to guide you. We have called you so much, and so have you refused to accept that I, as the second person of the Trinity, offer you Salvation. And you walk in search of evil, to which you easily succumb because of the audacity of evil in tempting you not to reason. Technology, which serves to voluntarily imprison man, has stolen from you the power of decision, and you, my children, do not think, do not reason, and therefore do not distinguish between good and evil, because reason has been removed from thinking. You are human beings incompatible with reason, and I come to shatter this structure, to abolish it, and to call you, through my apostles of the end times, to return to the path of goodness, repentance, the desire for the Salvation of the soul. You know that the earth will change its structure and its geography, and what is man's response? You know through the exhortations in which we explain with what extreme severity the climate will treat you, and what is the response? Eternal lethargy, living for the moment without thinking about the future, ignoring the soul and the miseries and sorrows to which the soul will be subjected due to disobedience. Beloved people, the earth will shake and man will be severely shaken, to the point that some will disappear inside the earth. This I have told you, but in some cases knowledge is not illuminated by my Holy Spirit, because man thinks that having human knowledge he is in control of everything; man thinks he has reason through knowledge, and this is a great mistake. Knowledge must be illuminated by my Spirit in order to be correct - and even then it won't always be absolute truth, because over the years each human creature has formulated its own concepts - but he who places all his works and deeds in the light of my Holy Spirit will be closer to the truth. Beloved children, because of the sun, the earth is overheating. This raises the temperature of the earth's interior, and because creation does not recognize You, volcanoes erupt, which in the past caused great destruction; volcanoes that lay dormant are awakened; heated waters evaporate quickly and very quickly fall to the surface of the earth, causing irreversible disasters throughout the earth. Man is in front of the purification, the greatest purification of mankind! And this does not make you fear and rebel against what is leading you to this purification.... but you rebel against the explanations of my loving Word, which warns and cautions you.... you refuse to think about the drastic changes that all of humanity will undergo because of the Third World War.... you believe my Word and accept modernizations that contradict the Commandments, sacraments, works of mercy and others.... You are constantly insulting me and disowning me because I call on you to improve.... you are hypocrites to yourselves, when without repentance, without conscience, without acting as I command, when you kill your brother and insult him mercilessly and judge him with great solemnity, and then come up to receive Me in the Eucharist.... woe to those who forge their own condemnation! My ministers must be dedicated to the Salvation of souls, before the voices of those who serve Me are completely drowned out by persecution, at the hand of the same man and at the command of the antichrist. Pray, my children, pray; a new pestilence is accelerating, making humanity tremble and man die in an instant. Pray, my children, pray; South America is trembling. Chile will be invaded by the sea because of earth tremors, and Peru, Bolivia and Argentina will have their share of earth tremors. Pray, my children, pray for Spain; terrorism will take it by surprise. Pray, my children, pray; communism will show its true face. Pray, my children, pray that terrorism, along with false religion, will infiltrate France and renew and strengthen the pain of these people. Look to the heights. The signs from above are at hand. My people, serve my Truth.... be one.... prepare yourselves for the severity of the purification that is proceeding with power.... prepare yourselves by submitting to our Divine Will.... be obedient, pray and practice what you pray for, be constant practitioners of the Commandments.... adore me, visit me, be a mercy and hope for your brothers.... do not be whitewashed tombs, do not be Pharisees or birds of prey.... beloved, sin is not just one act, it is a habit and it is a negative energy that leads you to be fond of evil, and this energy spreads to those who are weak in faith. Believe in what I am proclaiming. You must repent. I will send a Warning to stir consciences and for my people to unite to help each other. I am within you, do not look for Me outside, outside is confusion. I am above the senses, above memory, above the finite, above man.... I am what I am, and I will send my people my angel to light the way in the most difficult moments. My angel will embrace you so that the darkness will not torture you. He is already looking at you with love. I bless all who strive to stay on my path, all who convert and all who seek me. I am the Way, and the Truth, and the Life. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 09 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my Blessing be with each of you. You are My people, whom I love and through whom I continue to grant Myself to all. All mankind comes from Our Divine Will, without distinction. Before Me there are no differences, all are equal. It is human creatures who distance themselves from my Love when they have allowed their physical and spiritual senses to become contaminated by the emanation of the power of evil, which not only leads them to despise the good, but also to despise being my children. My beloved people, do not seek to find fault with the evil that you commit, for whoever falls into sin commits sin, acts in sin, and should not seek the author of sin outside of himself. He who sins is himself the author of his sin and his transgression. When a person sins, that sin is the result of free will, which aligns itself with the will to perform an act or work. My beloved people, I watch over you so that you do not fall into sin, but some set aside my instruction and indulge in evil inclinations. One of these is the abuse of free will. I urged you to be vigilant against evil, I mentioned to you that evil is spreading and polluting man's will. Whoever is not strengthened in me is easy prey for evil. Without Me, no man can attain Salvation ... How resistant you are to living in peace! How some human beings try to live in a constant convulsion in which peace depends on your bloated human desires! Children, look within yourselves, examine yourselves. Human pride is a great personal evil, it is a plague that contaminates the senses to the point where people begin to think that they will dominate every brother around them. I call you to unity; pride leads you to schism. My Love is creative; whoever does not live in My Love is not a creature who creates acts of goodness, does not exhale My Love and therefore constantly encounters obstacles on his path. My people, you are quickly moving away from Me, you do not see the beauty of the Father's work. Those who do not keep peace within themselves do not rise. On the contrary, they sink into the mud, going lower and lower every moment, until they become less than an animal. Children, some of you think that you are keeping yourselves in great spiritual development, which is not the case, because if there is no love in the creature, it will be far from achieving a change in its actions and conduct. My beloveds, every action has a reaction and every reaction produces a fruit good or bad. You have the gift of speech; if you use this gift for good, you will grow in me. If you use this gift of speech against your brothers, the words spoken against your brothers not only reach your brother, but return to you. Everyone shapes his own path, shapes it through his works and deeds, first and foremost in loving his neighbor, giving him support, being a Cyrenian in every aspect of life, loving his brother's virtues and helping the other's vices. Each of you has a personal set of scales on which you place your deeds, the works of each moment. When the personal scales weigh more on one side, the creature is flooded with anger, jealousy, contradiction, arrogance and refusal to forgive, until that same creature realizes that it is acting and doing wrong and is therefore not aiming at me, but at itself. Beloved children, do you strive to find the good? Love and forgive. My people, science has gotten so out of control that sometimes it cannot stop its own discoveries and research.... creating evil for the health of humanity and for the climate. In the face of this, humanity in general is most affected when they change the air and water. I urged you to be vigilant against those who have taken power over humanity. They have decided to viciously attack mankind, by annihilating everything that has to do with My Love and My presence in you. They have decided to persecute My People, giving permission for the greatest manifestation of world war. They have made pacts with some of the rulers of the great nations to create satellites of political, social, moral, educational and religious destabilization throughout the earth in small nations in order to accelerate chaos on a global level. The rainfall throughout the earth will be massive. They are being provoked at the behest of this elite, handmaidens of Freemasonry and the illuminati, who in turn are servants of the evil pending antichrist. My people, there will come a plague of insects that will seek food and plantations, and my people will suffer famine. I will send my Angel of Peace. Pray for him, pray with the practice of love for your brother, so that there will be peace in homes, peace in people of good will. My Angel of Peace will gather you into one flock, will protect you with My Word. My people are not alone... You should wait for my Angel accordingly, preparing yourself spiritually, being those who do my Will and keep the Commandments, but above all, living in my peace, my Love, my Mercy, in my hope, fighting against the evil that wants to distract you. My Angel is reuniting and is already suffering from the ignorance of mankind, especially from the deeds of those who will remain with Him on earth. My people, my Will does not cease, it continues in the great plan of Salvation .... To this I have called you, those who obey and fulfill it will bring my work to its peak; those who refuse will deny me. Pray, my children, pray for Ecuador, for it will suffer again and its volcanoes will awaken. My children, pray for Argentina, the land of peace will become a land of pain combined with the scourge of nature. Pray, my children, pray, Australia will be scourged. Pray, the sun will cause sorrow for humanity. Pray my children, Europe will cry bloody tears, the scourge of terrorism will not cease. My people, I am to be found in every person. Do not rebel when I correct you, do not push me away when I lead you towards my Truth. Do not forget that what is created by man himself completely changes.... Come to me, 'I am who I am.' The learned are foolish; it is on the simple and humble of heart that I cast My gaze and My love. I love the truth in the way of life. The Word can be temporary and superficial. You, my people, are my children, so you are not my owners. Do not forget that I look with special love upon the tireless seekers of my Love who bring it to life. My children are not content with themselves, but desire to reach out to their brothers and sisters to share Salvation with them. My people, I love you, I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 15 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I see my children on earth defiant, without respect or morals, agitated in the face of signs of economic loss, clashing mercilessly among themselves. What kind of generation is this? The one that has been trained to react this way in the face of what it disagrees with. Heaven has warned you of an elite that manipulates societies, governments, humanitarian aid organizations, organizations that bring together the world's governments, organizations concerned with global health, food, organizations concerned with the religious instruction of children and young people.... Children, this elite has been programming this generation for decades to react in this chaotic way at this very moment. Everything has been manipulated beforehand so that in the midst of confusion and protest, my children will attack what is holy, rejecting my Son and allying themselves with the devil. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this elite consisting of the powerful families and companies of the world calls itself the Bilderberg Club. Some of its members belong to the Masonic and Illuminati institutions and are in the Church of my Son in high positions and parishes. You, children of my Heart, are the product of the long wait of this elite, and I urge you not to accept to be among those who act by imitation. This elite has prepared this moment to advance the pain of humanity, uniting the satellite countries of communism, to impose itself and pose a real threat in every region of the world. Humanity is evil, the devil is kidnapping those who live with ideas beyond the truth, so that at this moment they can shout: 'crucify him' .... In a new way. Children, you have been led to food shortages, and this elite has decreed the collapse of the economy, coupled with a wave of global terrorism. They will announce that the day will end at their designated hour, and then you will have no freedom of movement, you will be surrounded by those who enforce the law. Acts of vandalism will become more frequent with each passing moment, until you, children of my Immaculate Heart, will be restricted to remain in your homes or in remote places.... In my refuge, in my Heart. Beloved children, keep faith in the love of my Son for His people, and at the same time help yourselves with a true knowledge of the Word of God in the Holy Scriptures, so that you do not say 'yes' to what is not the Will of God. Nourish yourselves with the Body and Blood of my Son in the Eucharist and pray the Holy Rosary; homes where you pray the Holy Rosary are defended by my angels; creatures who love the Holy Rosary carry with them my constant protection. Children, do not idolize human creatures, only my Son is 'the Way, the Truth and the Life.' Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, terrorism is a new weapon with which the powerful will fight nations to destabilize them. In this way, it is easier for them to provoke conflicts to a third world war. Remain faithful to my Son, nurture yourselves spiritually, delve into God's Law, do not browse through it, but delve with a desire for true knowledge. Children, look up to the heights, the signs will not delay, see that the climate is aggressive. The earth continues to sink, without announcement, the trumpets alerting man to the fulfillment of what has been foretold are heard by man. Pray, my children, pray for the United States; it will suffer from terrorism, its people will be killed by those who consider themselves enemies of this nation. Pray, my children, pray for France; the lament is not over, it will grow with the light of the sun. People dedicated to terrorism will attack with destruction in their hands and a slogan, killing as many of my children as possible. How my heart aches for these bloody events! Pray, my children, pray for Argentina, it will live the anguish that has caused pain in the past and stained this land of mine with blood. The moment will come and Argentines will pray, religion has been tainted by another god - money. Pray children, pray, Russia is waking up the world, pray, the pain comes from the hand of the alliance. Children of my Immaculate Heart, Chile is shaking, California is shaking. Mexico is shaking and Central America is shaking. Volcanoes are still erupting because of the heating up of the earth's core. England will weep bitterly. Lights fall with force on the earth, making news all over the world. A lake will appear in the United States. My Son's people must be strong in faith, and for this they must deepen in the knowledge of Divine Love for each of you. Be loving toward your neighbor, do not look for him far away, he is with you - there, yes, look for your brother. Every home must be a center of peace, so that the enemies of the soul do not disturb you and bring you into discord. Don't forget that Satan with his legions is prowling the earth before his moment is over. Therefore, you must be more astute, be and live the love of my Son at every turn. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in the face of such a warning, do not lose your peace or hope, much less your faith. As your Mother, I will not abandon you. I will send you my encouragement and my protection, I will not abandon you. The heavenly legions are watching you diligently to defend you. Call upon your traveling companions, your guardians, to deliver you from evil. Creation unites with the man of peace and love. That is why it is so important for you to live in peace and unity. Use your intelligence and will to dominate the human ego when it leads you to other paths that take you away from my Son. Do not tire yourselves by going down the same path later because of disobedience. Children, in my Son I saw each of you.... Children, before you loved me, I loved you at the foot of the Cross.... Come, enter into my Immaculate Heart. I love you. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 18 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, at this time My people must have courage, will and decision. My people maintain the intention to be obedient to Our Will. At this moment, intention is not enough for My people to continue moving forward in the midst of the spiritual density that humanity carries. I call upon you to be more spiritual, so that fortitude will compel you to change for the sake of the soul. The frenzied actions and deeds of humanity at this time, overrun by evil, must find my people spiritually strong. My children must remain immune to the constantly appealing actions of the world, to the spreading and unspeakable immorality, to oblivion and bad attitudes. You will not be able to achieve this if you do not consecrate yourselves to me, if you are not better children for me, if you do not pray and practice this prayer, if you are not aware of what is going on in the world, if you do not strengthen each other and if you do not receive me in the Eucharist. You must save your soul by remaining strong in the midst of so many false doctrines, in the midst of so many opinions that lead you to doubt and hesitate in the face of My Word. Right now, man is violent, arrogant and does not enjoy peace. You do not think that creation sees the cruel acts you are committing. Children, you must focus at this moment in my Love, you must keep your faith in constant growth by knowing me, adoring me and remaining in my Love. You must understand that love unites you with Me, as the rational beings that you are, the bond of love keeps you united with Me and with your fellow beings. Therefore, it is necessary that you do not forget this Law, so that evil does not take pleasure in bringing you into disunity. Watch out for the slightest loss of peace, pause, examine yourselves and do not allow evil to lead you into discord. Be astute and know that it is the work of Satan to keep you in quarrels, disagreements, misunderstandings, to spoil human relations and scatter my children, and despise brotherhood. Mankind, while experiencing the exercise of free will, is mistaken in exercising it, not placing it in our Divine Will, and this is the reason why in most cases it becomes a sin. My people, I urge you to pray and contemplate, so that you can maintain serenity and find the truth that is in every person. Otherwise, you will live as repeaters, the works of your brothers, regardless of whether your brother's work or action is right or wrong. Man believes that he is the master of his life, he thinks that he directs his earthly passage very well, he believes that he is the actor of life. Most people at this time maintain perversion in their environment; the word cancer fits the human ego of a large part of my children. The demands of the human ego bring homes to ruin when, in families, the pursuit of power is taken up by one member with a constant excess of persecution against other family members. My people, until you examine yourselves in truth and are able to see your flaws without masks, and what effect these flaws have on yourself and your own square meter, until you see yourself as you are, the devil will move you at will like pawns, working and acting in terrible ways. If you do not recognize your mistakes, do not overcome your ambitions, you will never be able to reject your own ill-conceived comfort. My people, when a human being is unable to see himself, he causes such misfortune to his brothers that he leaves deep wounds that lead to an inner contempt for the one who acts in this way. I am who I am and I know each of my children, and I ask you, if you want to see yourself as you are, the good or harm you can do, be humble and look at yourself with eyes that are not the eyes of the human ego. Beloved ones, pride leads you to believe that you are irreplaceable, giving you the power to try to subjugate those who stand in your way, until loneliness takes over the human creature, and helplessness teaches the human ego a lesson when your brothers are gone and the creature understands that it is only one of those who are at my disposal to do a great work. Children, right now the devil is firing his arrows at the human ego, and his target is intolerance towards families. The devil knows that a society without a family is a society in chaos. Man, in his quest to distinguish himself from his brethren, has succumbed to decay and spiritual decline; the devil has taken advantage of this to attack by force and bring evil to people, knowingly or unknowingly or out of ignorance. In the spiritual dimension, those who continue to do evil have been prepared to 'do evil,' while my children have stagnated and remain in a spiritual state in which it is difficult for them to act immediately against temptation, against what is wrong, against sin. Man has given himself over to knowledge without my help, and this has caused the ego to become saturated with human knowledge, leaving no room for knowledge perfected by the work of the Holy Spirit. Although evil is limited, because it works as much as I allow it to, you have not maintained the right spiritual balance so that evil no longer works in you. I don't want fanatical children, I don't want blind children, I don't want impatient children. I want a spiritual balance that will lead you to maintain a proper connection with our Divine Will. The good of man goes as far as man himself allows. Don't forget that the devil needs followers, and through evil deeds, without realizing it, you enter into negative action and isolate yourselves in this negative field, working and acting in evil without realizing it. You must draw near to me, for without me you will not attain eternal life. My people, how much I have warned you to prepare yourselves, and yet I see few who listen to the explanations of my Word! Creation reacts in the face of the nearness of events, and man, not wanting me to guide him, pushes aside my warnings. Pray, my children, pray, for at every moment evil is gaining followers, seizing souls through resentment, discord and conceit. Pray my children, pray, the United States will no longer be the strong power that once made decisions, it is one more power that lacks my person. That is why they have become vulnerable to unexpected attacks by those who identify themselves as their enemies. This is why the nation will suffer at times when it needs to be followed. Nature scourges it severely when this nation devotes itself to persisting in constant blasphemy, heresy and profanation of My Word. The earth is shaking and some coastal cities will suffer as never before, the land will not be land but sea. Pray my children, pray for England, she is suffering from error. The water will whip her by a strange meteorological phenomenon. They have despised me, supporting what is not our will, transgressing my Law. The suffering comes in conjunction with the sickness that passed through this nation many years ago. Pray my children, pray, Russia is rising, seemed dormant, is striving against humanity and in a temporary alliance, is instilling fear in everyone. The one you saw from afar is showing her power and with hundreds of creatures will come to Italy, where she will vent her anger. Italy, how you will weep before you are awakened and warned not to drink the elixir of death! The wonder of the world will be a lament for you, O Italy. Pray, my children, pray for the France of music, of artists, which is also my nation, and it is for this nation that I come, even if I find little acceptance. When the high tower is thrown down, this earth will shake. Turn to the prayer of the Holy Rosary, pray constantly, and make a real commitment to spreading the clarification of my Word. The comet is approaching, the moment will come when I will show my children the evil that threatens them. Pray my children, pray for Venezuela and Argentina, the peace in these countries will be destabilized, crazed and fanatical minds will distribute weapons to people who, without knowing why or for what, will receive what will then make them lament; they will bring violence that will awaken the nations of the world. My people, abide in faithfulness; I am the Faithful and Righteous Judge. My people will be purified, but they will never be defeated; evil will cause Mine to suffer. Then I will give my people my own Love, and without human weapons my people will be strong; being faithful to me, they will plow their way, they will awaken the sleeping, they will see the firmament and know that I see them in every created element, in all surrounding matter, in silence and in words. The enemy of the soul will not triumph, I will save you from eternal death. You are my people, the pupil of my eye. I bless you, I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 21 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, children, there is no need for you to stop thinking about yourself, my children. Everyone needs a stop on the road to look at themselves and analyze the spiritual state you are in. As the Mother of Humanity, I must tell you: enough! Stop right now! I don't want you to get lost.... You are at the most dangerous moment where you can lose your soul. The convulsion of humanity is invading the mind, thoughts and heart of man. This convulsion has been designed to occur at this very moment; it has been programmed in advance as part of those who are preparing the rise of the antichrist: the aberrant deceiver, the destroyer of all that belongs to the House of my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the human ego is a blessing for each of you, who know and recognize that you are human beings, each of whom is different from his brother. Man has misused the human ego, different as a free creature, free to make decisions contrary to God's Will at this time. The moment will come when the children of my Son will take the wrong path and fall into the abyss, living in sin, increasing the power of the devil, who will capture the minds of the innocent - youth and adults - to fight for his goal, 'so that at this moment people will not love each other as brothers of the same God,' but insist on corrupting each other. The human ego will not produce good in man. Man knows that he has his human ego, and has led the human ego to be attacked by his evil deeds.... My children, the human ego feeds on negative feelings, negative desires, pride, imposition on other brothers and revenge.... The human ego feeds on the thoughts, feelings, desires and actions of each of you. The more selfish the creature is, the more it imposes its ego, not caring about its brother, who has feelings, sensitivity, thoughts, mind and heart. The human ego can make a man great.... Or it can make a man its great slave. My children, this is the moment when you must know how the gifts you have received influence you to lead you to my Son and that these gifts will be multiplied by the Holy Spirit. That's why Heaven is taking you by the hand, so that you don't make a mistake and so that everyone recognizes himself as he is, so that the devil doesn't deceive you. Man will not grow until he honestly recognizes the way he is.... For as long as man denies his evil attitudes and inclinations, he will not be able to come out of the darkness and risks belonging more to the human ego than to the community to which my Son calls him. Every word of this call is for you, my child, for you who read it; it is for you to ponder it and not let it pass by as if it were addressed to another human creature. Every human being has a human ego, and it is his duty to recognize what his human ego is, so as not to go against the Divine Will. Only in this way will my Son be able to help His children to act and work in His Divine Way. As a Mother, I do not want people who do not have reason.... Nor do I want people whose reason hardens their hearts. Correct your wrong deeds and works; this is done by great people, great children of God, knowing that the time of harvest will come and that they will be either on the side of the wheat or on the side of the weeds. These immediate merits are the practice of kindness, and this practice begins in the person himself. Don't expect your brother to change; on the contrary, the change must be personal, and this will make it easier for your brother to decide to be a better son of God and a better person. A true Christian knows that it is not the duty of others to conform their actions and works to his requirements, which may already be wrong at the outset. Living in the Divine Will begins with loving God and one's brother, not on the battlefield where one tries to stand out. Children, do not abuse your intelligence for personal gain. In one moment you will be in front of the Great Warning, and in that moment all your wrong deeds and works will be in front of each of you, in the silence of that moment, when each will be in front of himself. The silence in which you personally examine your conscience, the silence of your personal verdict, is the greatest silence you have ever experienced. The solitude in which the smallest act will be felt on a personal scale, for better or for worse, will seem endless. The warning is the Mercy of God, if, after the warning, the human creature converts and does not listen to the voices of those who, full of wickedness, refuse to accept what they have seen in themselves and rebel against God. Children of my Immaculate Heart, you reject so many matters of the spirit! Some do not recognize the existence of evil; others do not know that they have a spirit that lives in human flesh. Satan acts deceitfully, strikes one at a time, sends his legions to attack the determined human creature. He is angry with you, my children, because you are trying to be better every moment, given the nearness of the fulfillment of the Divine Word. You are not of those who believe that what you are experiencing at this moment has always been experienced and that later everything will be as before. The devil actually knows that he has little time left to take souls to hell, and in this he has an advantage over those who do not believe that the moment has come. The devil knows that he must act with power, depraving man, separating him from My Son, leading him to love and desire evil. Satan knows that at this moment he has a big problem. Yes, children, you are Satan's great problem, because you still love my Son, you still receive His Body and Blood, you still love brotherhood and you still overcome the vices that separate you from eternal life. My children, you are the devil's great problem. Therefore, you must be astute to recognize him and not fall into temptation. My children, the causes of misery on earth will increase. Man will act with greater ferocity to cause harm, the human mind will be attacked by fixation, kill a brother, kidnap young children, cause terror and insecurity. Do not be afraid, my children, pray and practice the Commandments of God's Law, be merciful, worship my Son in truth and spirit. We will not hand you over to the enemy, Divine Protection is called upon by all of you with full knowledge. Pray, my children, pray. Pakistan... This nation will weep over itself. Pray, my children, pray for China; from one moment to the next, this nation's conflict will spread throughout the land. Pray, my children, pray for France; tears will be rivers of sorrow. Pray, my children; the earth continues to crack, and man will not find a solution. Pray, my children, and look at the sky; the delight will be great. Nature is coming to earth with greater power, unleashing its fury against sin. The sun will keep man in suspense; it is no longer the same ally of man. Ecuador is suffering, this nation is suffering, lamenting and weeping. Indonesia watches in awe at the power of volcanoes as the earth shakes. Argentina, the land of peace, leaves a lament over its land. My Son is denied, Satan and his tentacles are idolized.... My favorite children be strong in preaching the Gospel. Fight for souls! Those who approach Satan give him power over their senses. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this moment is truly a moment. The Masonic forces are wasting no time, the illuminati forces have given orders to their great elite. Their goal is to exterminate a large part of the world's population. The world's great organizations are under this control, and the goal is the degeneration of man, so that people will choose themselves for evil. My Son's Church will be a source of great criticism. You, my children, do not lose faith. A certain president will lose his life at the hands of his opponents. Nicaragua is the land of supply of communism; whoever does not speak, has the spoils.... children, do not lose time to get back on the right path; be children who are attentive to the calls, to this explanation of God's word. Remain attentive to this blessing that you receive from the hand of God the Father. Children, pray and practice, for fruitless prayer is dead. Wake up your brothers who are sleeping, do not be afraid. Wait patiently. The Father's house does not abandon His people. I bless you, children, you remain in the boat of my Heart. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 30 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, in our Divine Love, moments are the treasure that our Trinity offers to every human creature.... every moment is the fruit of our mercy to you. So much unbelief on the part of people toward our calls and toward God's Law magnetizes evil on earth! Each one of you is a transmitter and receptor of everything that lives inside you, whether through words, gestures, emotions or thoughts, this causes a brother's reaction towards you. You must work on being very transparent when you are the transmitter or the receiver. My people, the upheavals in which you live degenerate you physically and spiritually. You must understand that daily life does not separate you from me; what separates you from me is the abandonment of my help, obedience and my Love. Denying my Truth is a sign of the ignorance that evil has caused my people to fall into, a spiritual ignorance that my Church has inherited from the past, and at the present time my Church has become subject to a new, reinforced and reformed ignorance by those who lead my children down the wrong path. My people have not been directed to a true spiritual life or a desire for spiritual elevation. My people have come to a comfortable ignorance, which they intend to justify sin, pride and control of the human ego of each of you. I have called you so much to be sure that I live in those who are Mine, but limitations do not allow you to delve into this My Truth; you do not seek Me or desire My things.... I carry so many Crosses, and there are so few children who lessen My burden!.... My children, I proclaim through my prophet.... I condemn through my prophet.... in humanity I see a field barren, denied, disturbed by the daily moment, wild, without goals and desires of Salvation. The hierarchy of my Church must remain firm and adhere to the Law of God, so that no more souls perish, encouraging them to prepare themselves in spirit and grow towards me. Children, at this time you do not see the traps that evil places in your path, because they are varied and in most cases the deeds and actions do not appear to be evil or serious sins.... my people, at this moment inner peace is necessary; if everyone realized the value of peace, you would take measures concerning the human 'self' so as not to grieve the spirit. This is the moment when you do not look at yourselves, you have lost the measure of what you really are, and you react inappropriately to unexpected situations. You judge without needing to, you look at your brother's ego - the one that is obvious, the one you think you recognize. Children, peace is the clothing of everything you do; peace spices up actions and those around you - and further than you can imagine - are imbued with it. The echo of peace in our Will has infinite repercussions. My people, economics, along with man's lust for power, cause man to worry and enter into constant strife. Eventually, man will want to possess, and in this lust he will become more fearsome than the beasts. For economic control, the earth has been violently destroyed by my children, turning it into a place that will be almost unacceptable for human life. At the end of this moment, my people will follow the current of the world, acting incorrigibly under the dictates of the enemy of souls. Evil is confusion, separation, disorder, imperfection, lack of love, pride; and he powerfully uses this reality against man, for example, when people say that evil does not exist. And this is how man is not afraid to offend our divinity, the belief that the devil does not exist does not bother man, because he ignores the fact that seduction by evil comes unnoticed, thus creating a man who will pact with the devil to possess what the devil offers him. Children who deny the existence of evil in the world are slaves to that same evil. The moment has come when man feels close to Satan. This is a deplorable action of those who are mine, which brings suffering to them, until they see for themselves that Satan has only slaves, whom he takes and uses as he pleases. Man operates under the control of evil, to which he has surrendered his human will, and my presence is invalidated and unwanted. I am absent from the lives of my children, and therefore man is at greater risk of self-deception and further action toward the abyss. Man likes heights; the higher he is in the human ego, the more he desires to be remembered by his brothers. But man forgets that he who considers himself the first will be the last of all. My people, only those who are humble are aware of this, and this awareness I want my people to have, my people I discipline before I examine them. Unbelief stands out and eats away at my people at this time, as a prelude to the nearness of all that I have announced to you, especially the Warning. My people, those who follow Me, are constantly persecuted, mocked and scorned. Traps are constantly being set for them, and those who call themselves brothers treat them with contempt and suspicion. Children, do not forget that very numerous are those who approach my faithful to lead them to stumble, testing their patience and measuring their faith. Children, you feed your physical body and forget about the spiritual.... Attract your brethren to seek me and feed on my Body and Blood, aware of my real presence in the Eucharist. Man on earth is spiritually confused because of the currents that agitate the mind and heart of man. One is my Law, the other is my Word.... eternally present. My beloved people, the strategy of evil is to cause confusion and then division; after division will come strife, in which some will perish. You must not enter into strife. My word is one. My people must maintain unity, and with it live in My Love. Pray, My children, pray for inner strengthening and for mutual service to one another. I do not want cold prayers that do not bear fruit and do not move consciences. From my children I want piercing prayers that vibrate inwardly, moved by my Holy Spirit. My people, pray, pray for Italy, for their lament will resound everywhere, even the earth will give out its pain. Great aberrations are taking place in this land. It will be greatly shaken, volcanoes will make their presence known. Terrorism wants to destroy the images and relics of my beloved Cross, so I command, they must be protected. Pray, my children, pray for England; the pain will be felt with the light of day, and mourning will fill hearts. The rain will be relentless. Pray, my children, pray; Argentina is slipping away with evil in hand. Betrayal is coming. My children are suffering. The river will become a sea. Pray, my children, pray; The United States is facing pain, the one that does not wait and does not think. This nation will experience an unimaginable force of nature. Sin cries out for cleansing. Pray, my children, pray; Japan continues to suffer; Russia will hurry. Pray; the economy is showing the world that it is in the hands of the few. My people, the earth is crying; some of mine have heard it. It cries not only because of the sin that mankind has accumulated on it, but also because of the ignorance with which man acts in total contempt for the Commandments, the Sacraments and the works of mercy, in absurd denial of everything that reminds him of my Love, the love of my Mother and all that is holy. Groups that do not believe in our Trinity will come in to tear down most of the places that Christianity has preserved to commemorate the release of the martyrs and where the relics of my release on earth are kept. The devil does not want traces of my divinity to exist on earth. Therefore, he throws himself against my people, who are innocent and aware of my presence in each of them. My people, sleep no more, for you are facing the severity in which this moment will move. Threats between the powers will provoke action. Look high, an unexpected asteroid will astonish humanity. Volcanoes continue to awaken and Central America shakes. The earth cracks and water emerges in search of cleansing the earth. My people, mankind does not live in My peace; you keep My peace.... humanity lives in madness, without morality; you live in Me.... mankind denies Me; you love Me and recognize Me.... love my Mother, pray the Holy Rosary. I do not abandon you, and my Mother asks you to entrust yourself to her care. Do not fear, my beloved ones, I will raise you from the rubble, and I will call my apostles not to silence the voice, but to be lamps with the best oil and shine in the midst of the darkness caused by the awakening of the volcano. My people will not wander in the desert. I send my Angel for your safety. Educate yourselves by loving me, adoring me, feeding on me.... you are not real if you grow up without My Word. With the oil of my Love I bless my children, those who give life to this explanation of my Word. Do not seek Me to satisfy your curiosity, seek Me because you love Me. I bless you in a special way at the beginning of this moment. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 03 2016 - Saint Michael the Archangel
Children of the Most High, you should constantly put into practice this Divine teaching of mercy, so that you can benefit from the gift of Divine Love within you. I urge you to be merciful, because being merciful not only gives you a reason to give or give to others with material help, but it is at the same time that fullness of the human being that has managed to saturate the soul and body with love. Charity, beloved, is in fact a great teaching, very important in these moments. Love leads man to immerse himself in the constancy of truth, and at the same time imbues you with generosity, which leads you to give without expecting to receive. Children of the Most High, the gifts of the Holy Spirit elevate the conscience and instill in man a spiritual understanding, a heavenly knowledge that conveys to the soul everything it needs, if it only desires and seeks it, in order to approach the divine. He who is not Love is an isolated man, dry as a fig tree that does not bear fruit, burdened and in most of his decisions counts only what he creates for his own benefit. Merciful Love, guided by the Holy Spirit, takes a man and leads him consciously to work and act in that form that flows from the Father's House, where the soul desires what is from above, being a just, merciful, grateful man who seeks at every moment how to do good. Beloved of the Most High, God has no beginning or end.... God has taught each of His children goodness and justice ... At the moment man, of his own accord, does not know God and therefore blames Him for his personal misfortunes. The Most High has given everything to man, but man does not want to get closer to God. He respects the freedom He has given to man. The Most High created the sun for the sake of mankind. If man does not want to look at the sun, although he feels warmth and enjoys the light of the sun, he will say: 'this does not come from the sun, it is another source that radiates both heat and light'. Such is man to the Supreme, he denies Him. Every man knows that the Almighty created him as a work of His Infinite Love and placed all creation there for him, so that he would not lack anything. Evil was born out of arrogance, pride, jealousy, out of hatred, which awoke in a beautiful angel with all the qualities and attributes that the Most High intended for him. But this angel looked at a woman with a pure and virginal womb, in which the Son of God was to be born. And a feeling of jealousy arose in this angel, and jealousy brought about a feeling of pride, which became a reality. This fallen messenger led mankind to discord, to spiritual and moral misery, disturbed all good, so that man transformed it into evil. You are not aware of the scope of evil .... Beloved, you are not aware of the scope of the work of evil.... Every evil act, every act contained in anger, pride, jealousy, immorality, perversity and aggression is not static, it does not remain in man, but extends to all creation, for man is a multiplier of his works and deeds for good and for evil. Likewise, acts of goodness are magnified throughout creation without man's awareness, this is the law of love, which is not static. Man is a receiver in creation, but at some point he is a sender, and this is a great responsibility to the highest and to humanity itself. Man emits, among other things, thoughts, desires, actions; and what man emits goes out from him and is amplified toward all of creation. Just as the sun influences man and as the moon influences man, man is constantly emitting his thinking and feeling externally, outside his physical body. Man is not trapped in his body, but is an amplifier of his works and deeds, hence the importance of prudence, which the believer attracts, emanating from the Holy Spirit. The children of the Most High act for the good of their brethren. At this moment, in which every step is part of the great Way of the Cross toward the foretold events, remember, beloved, 'deal with all without murmuring, so that you may become blameless and pure, children of God without blame in the midst of a perverse and degenerate generation, in which you must shine like stars, carrying the word of life.' Maintaining this awareness, a person will know that he carries the burden of all that is happening in humanity on his shoulders, and should remain on the defensive against the lightest whisper of evil, urging him to the most abhorrent consumption as a human being. I do not want to see monsters in the place of God's men, I do not want to see monsters who destroy everything in their path. Beloved, you must understand that a lack of love is a dangerous sign in you, a lack of love is a sign that a correct relationship to the Holy Trinity and to one's neighbor eludes man, is the most dangerous of the gates through which Satan penetrates. Those who violate love do not delay, they constantly work to advise man to do evil. Despite this, the Most High continues to exhale his protection for man, defends him from what can cause irreparable evil, but man refuses him. The moment has come when pagan peoples, trusting in their own human strength, make war on Christians, 'let's kill them like a flock of sheep'. The announced moment has arrived, it is unfolding gradually, although you can already see it. From distant places to Europe, and mainly to America, will come immoral, malicious, perverse beings who, like birds of prey, will swoop down on those who profess true faith in Christ: our King. They will eagerly destroy every trace that resembles Christ the King, invade holy places and acquire great spoils, elevating them for great sacrilege. Likewise, human vanity will allow church norms to be corrupted, transgressing the Commandments of God's Law. Mankind does not see the pitfalls of evil and persists in the evil that will come to you from the same creation that does not know you, therefore you suffer and will suffer from earthquakes and tsunamis. The power of volcanoes will be greater, meteorological phenomena will have great power, viruses will spread over the earth. Chaos grows, and foolish man denies it, while more people will be suffocated by fire, a product of creating weapons of war that man should never have created. Beloved, before war breaks out, be steadfast in prayer and in union with our King in the Eucharist, pray to our Queen of all angels and all love one another. Do not be distant, beloved of the Most High, do not be distant! Pray in season and out of season, being each of you a follower of the love of our King and of the expanding goodness that will triumph and give eternal life and life in abundance. Pray for Europe, for it will fall victim to terrorism. Pray for the Middle East, it will burn. Do not forget that evil presents itself as the forerunner of the one who is its essence, the antichrist. Those who do not believe, do not laugh, rejoice those who believe and prepare, rising above their own pain and trials. Our King prevails and will prevail in those who repent and proclaim him King and Lord of their lives. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 08 2016 - Jesus Christ
I bless you who remain attentive to my strong and firm calls, so that man may be aware that you do not deceive me, nor can you hide your actions from me. I love with an everlasting love all my children who at this moment are the doers of our will and those who will be its followers. The mercy of our Trinity for each of you is inexhaustible, when man approaches us, determined not to return to sin and atone with deeds for past mistakes humanity falls for lack of our love present in it, not from our Will, but from the will and free choice of man who wants to go without us. You have chosen a shortcut, an easier but more painful path, the one proposed by Satan, the path of sacrilege, killing, immorality and abuse, the path of dishonesty, theft and blood. It's not free, it costs money to surrender your soul to Satan. In the end you will see, my children, your brothers worshipping Satan, the king of lies, erecting statues to him and indulging in all kinds of sins and transgressions. There will be many heresies in my Church. The god of money will take a privileged place in my temples and among my ministers. Evil will not cease, and my children, with frail education, are indulgent and easily deceived. Children have entered an improper and perverted sexual upbringing; learning centers are perverting minors. Learning centers will turn into places of sexual practices, inciting children to immorality never seen before. In countries where great statues have been erected in honor of Satan, Satan will become more powerful, coming to take possession of human beings, transforming them into strong followers of evil. Demons will move very quickly and easily, disturbing the mind of man to commit various acts that will become daily events. Evil will offer daily spectacles confronting people against people. Racial struggles will flare up anew in great nations. The United States will become one of them in this regard. My beloved people, you are not heeding my calls, even though you are watching evil spreading and kidnapping my children to carry out its diabolical plans. It is not necessary for a person to show himself possessed, for the clear signs of demonic possession to reveal themselves at the moment the devil needs to perform a monstrous act. The devil works surreptitiously, capturing beings who follow him even indirectly and using them to carry out his macabre plans. Children of darkness develop a great addiction to evil, their mind does not stop, they create and recreate their demonic deeds, they enjoy the suffering of others and relish the blood of the innocent. This is the moment when the devil keeps his legions and followers ready to attack the family; in this way he destabilizes society and thus every human being. My children have a great obligation for this moment, from obeying what seems insignificant to being those who accomplish what seems too great.... You who love me must love me in spirit and in truth.... you must advance spiritually, so that evil does not overwhelm you.... you must master the human ego, so that it serves the good of you and your brothers.... Man causes me great pain; influenced and sometimes taken over by Satan, he has managed to make evil instincts emerge from within man, which he has acquired from all that is opposed to me, and with which he has been inundated by misused technology. Love of neighbor is not a Commandment for modern man, but a battlefield. Each person carries within himself what he has acquired during his life. In the environment in which they developed, some of my children grew in the midst of evil, and, seeking me and finding me, changed their lives; others of my children grew up surrounded by families devoted to me and gave themselves over to Satan, seduced by the worldly, or seeking dark experiences on evil paths. My beloved people, I have called you to recognize evil, and you refuse to do so. Evil sifts you mercilessly, and you, like creatures without conscience, allow evil to use you to cause division, above all in your homes. My Heart is torn when I hear the insults and disrespect with which you treat each other in your families, as if you were enemies. Violence is not only on the streets, in study centers or in workplaces; the most dangerous violence is in homes, which Satan wants to destroy. My people, you must know that where there is violence, lack of love, insults, constant anger, lack of mercy, lack of faith and constant incidents, that is where evil has entered. Do not forget that Satan uses those who are far from me. Those who attend Mass, receive me daily or know my Word, are not free from the attacks of the devil, because a creature who receives me constantly, but does not live in our Will and does evil to its neighbors, being a lamp in the street and darkness in the house, this creature is a whitened grave and removes me from it, leaving the creature exposed to evil. You must understand that evil does not waste the opportunity to cause division. This should be clear to you, just as it should be clear to you that I have chosen human creatures to make my Word known, and they are not entirely holy, although they perfect themselves in daily life in union with me. Woe to him who attaches more importance to these creatures of Mine! You do not know what it is to serve Me and what I choose. Both have merit, those I choose and those I choose, but the one I choose not only suffers what I demand of him, but also suffers what his brothers make him suffer. So many human creatures of great intelligence are servants of evil. How my Heart aches! Yes, servants of evil that lords over them and live in constant war with their brothers, moving away from Me at an ever-increasing rate. Children, you rebel at my requests and demand of me, what demand will I fulfill, since I know what is in every man? I will not answer the one who demands, I will not give to the insolent, I will not get along with the conceited or the haughty, I will not break camp with the proud. I am with the humble, I am with those who want to know me and are industrious, I give my Word to the needy. I give my Word to the needy, I give the gift of learning to the simple, to astonish those who, considering themselves intellectuals, err in my Word. I am just, and with justice I will act toward my people. Be vigilant, let everyone give his best, trusting in me. Even now you will see how my temples will be destroyed, so that you will not gather. They are afraid of my people, because 'I am who I am'. They will close My temples, and you should not stumble, for where you gather in My Name, there I will be. Beware, My children, whoever works and does not pray is like one who prays and does not work. Let every man be a practitioner of My Word and of every prayer you raise toward Our Trinity and toward My Mother. The holy intercessors, your traveling companions, are constantly waiting for your requests to help you. My beloved people, the forces of the universe are moving, the moon is speeding up the waves of the ocean and they are more dangerous for man. The waters are rising and hitting cities, great buildings will become a thing of the past along with the great works of man. Unstable seasons cause humanity to suffer from hunger. Pray, children, the outbreak of war is approaching, the suffering of humanity will not be far away. Those who promote war have hastened to make it happen. Pray, children, pray, science hides great advances, mankind does not know about them, they were created for evil. The great scientists have disappeared, this is not certain, they work for the elite to make millions of human beings disappear. Pray children, pray, volcanoes recall past eras, their fury shakes the heart of man. Pray children, pray, the earth trembles together with the man of terrorism, France will weep for her children, England and Italy will be plunged into lamentation. Pray, Chile is suffering, Ecuador is not without fear. California will let out a great groan. Pray, from Spain you will hear lamentations, they will also come from Asia. The earth does not stop, changes are coming, and man does not see them. My beloved people, I do not rejoice in the suffering of my own; let him who considers himself a sinner repent and come to me. That which is not earthly will not endure. This moment is for each of you, my children, to stop living the immediate and become more spiritual, freedom is precisely in changing your path and returning to me. Become conscious of what you are, don't act mechanically, spiritualize every action, every work, do it with me; in this way you will tell the human ego: 'it's not you who performs or carries it out, it's God living in me who works'. You will become more and more humble until the moment comes when you don't need praise, even personal praise, because I will be all in all. You don't find Me, because most look for Me on the outside, and the outside tells you: 'I am not God, God is above me.' Man believes that he is like Me, and so because of his pride he has fallen into the depths, into that which is dark and false. My beloved people, do not expect to meet events, come to me, I am waiting for you with eternal love, there is no man who is what I am, your God. Do you desire to come closer to me? Serve me with a generous spirit, serve me in my Will, united with me. In this way I will grow in you and the human self will be more spiritual and the ego will diminish, giving me all the honor and glory you should give me. Let those who are in tribulation come to me. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 10 2016 - Jesus Christ
Luz de Maria: 'I saw Christ sitting and looking at the road. He called out to me and I approached. He continues to look and does not speak to me. Looking at Him, I try to fill my mind with different thoughts.... Christ says to me: 'none of what you think is what I feel, these are my children whom I love, these are those who despise me and rebel against me. They are my people, just like those who love me. I, not knowing what to answer to the pain of God's words, remain silent'. Christ: 'My Love surpasses all that these creatures of Mine are. Ah! But the fact that I love them does not prevent My Justice from being fulfilled in each of those I love'. Luz de Maria: 'I listen in silence. And Christ tells me that the parents' lack of love for the children is what led the children to disrespect their parents. This lack of love and lack of justice is what has made the youth worthless. See, my beloved, see these naked bodies with symbols that represent my Church. This is painful for me and it made my cross heavier on the way to Calvary. All this I experienced for every human being who offends Me at this moment. See how they tear down the crosses of My temples, and they are by no means those who do not love Me or who rebel to follow others. See how they tear down My temples those who falsely say they love Me and hide in the darkness to crown Me with thorns. My beloved, what should My people be like? Luz de Maria: 'I answer, Lord, a holy, holy people. Christ: 'My beloved, I do not want a people who are modern, I want a people who respect sound doctrine, who obey My Commandments, who do My Will. Modernisms make me nauseous, every modernism prevailing in my Church is a new plague that I suffer. Evil leads man to his own destruction. You live in war and deny it, you live in factional war. You will see how the earth trembles before the provocations of some nations against others. Some of my children live with their minds focused on their lives, on their human will, on what is immediate, they do not look beyond what they see myopically. That's why they deny war, and war will soon come with its conflicts, pains and invasions. An organization consisting of many countries will take a wrong step, and this will be a great provocation that will detonate a great conflict. Beloved, man is constantly under attack, not only physically, but mentally and spiritually. Aggressiveness in creatures overflows at lightning speed, detonating poisonous darts at those at his side. Few homes live like domestic churches. Most members in families live in fear of the fury of the strongest in the house. Beloved, how many warnings have I given my people to stop? Luz de Maria: 'Lord, there are countless of them, but they perish at a single reading, are there few brothers who truly live Your word? Christ: 'Beloved, it is so, there are few who stop and analyze My Word. Some do not analyze it because they are not comfortable facing their own conscience.... You fools, what poverty of heart! You lie to yourselves, instead of facing your personal reality and correcting your mistakes. Luz de Maria: 'Christ shows me many severely malnourished and sick children; I see the mothers of these children trying to cry, and the tears do not flow from their eyes, they cry with their hearts! Truly frightening, what I see is truly frightening. How many innocents, it makes me nauseous! I wish I could save all these children, some have wounded bodies. Christ immediately shows me another vision, big fast-food chains are throwing away products that didn't sell during the day. Then Christ shows me mansions where the children of the families who live there do not accept the food offered to them and it is thrown away. Immediately he shows me the meeting, I recognize some of those present who, without feeling even the slightest pain in their hearts over what they are deciding, are voting for our brothers and sisters in Africa to continue to die of starvation. He makes me look towards India, where so much poverty contrasts with the luxury of the few'. Christ: 'My beloved, such is the man of this moment, crueler to his brothers than in other generations. Genocide passes like a shadow from one end to the other, without conscience moving hearts. Christ deplores man's disobedience and says to me: my servants should not live in abundance, but with dignity. Beloved, the spirit of man has become saturated with evil, so much so that it has come to transgress My designs, through abused science. The rulers allow science to manipulate certain atmospheric phenomena. Right now, the climate is not the same because of man's manipulation and because creation disavows man. Tell your brothers to pray for Asia, it will suffer excessively. My children are trying to surpass me, and in their zeal they have changed the entire creation, and with the creation they have changed the human body, causing a number of diseases caused by the irresponsibility of mankind itself. Tell your brothers to pray over the plagues that plague you and will often plague you, being greater one than the other. Tell them to pray the Rosary of my precious blood and to use what my Mother has given them to fight the pestilences and plagues. Luz de Maria: 'Christ shows me His Mother and our Mother, covering with her mantle many human creatures who groan and at the same time beg not to fall prey to diseases. Then, in an instant, Christ says to me, my beloved, see how the invaders are overrunning Europe, see how they are marching, leaving everything in flames. And I see so much misery and oppression that my Heart is oppressed with such destruction and pain. Christ tells me: tell your brothers to pray for France, Paris will no longer smile, it will be overwhelmed by terrorism. Tell your brothers to pray for the United States, the actions of its leaders created as many enemies as it had leaders. Tell them that the earth will shake with great force. My beloved ones, not all is pain if My children are faithful, if they strive to remain in Our Will, sacrificing themselves as they suffer for the Salvation of their brothers and sisters. I bless the path of those who are steadfast, who look at themselves and recognize mistakes. I bless the path of My children, so that they awaken and so that kindness towards their brothers and sisters grows at every moment. My hands purify the path of those who fall and get up, so that the weight of their falls does not leave them on the ground, but that they get up and are beings renewed in faith and ready to reach the finish line, where I wait for them. My people must learn, delve into my Word, get to know me, so that they do not fear me, but enter into my Mercy.... My people must become more spiritual, so that they understand My Words and want to fulfill them. Whoever is not spiritual at this time has a great obstacle before him. Beloved, mankind has learned to deceive itself and hates those who tell it the truth, preferring to pass by without stopping, instead of really looking at themselves. Those who reject the explanations of My Word will perish in their foolishness. I am Love, I am Forgiveness, I am Reconciliation, I am Mercy, I am the tireless beggar of love, I am the eternal seeker of souls, I am Mercy, I am the Infinite Truth. Come to Me, children, come to Me. There will be another moment in which peace will be air, earth, water and fire. Another moment of infinite peace.... At that moment you will be purified, then love will be reborn in each of My people and with love, spiritualized people will call Me Father, and you will be My children. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 14 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, man does not have the will to dominate the ego when it urges him to go beyond the limits allowed by Our Trinity. The great affliction of this generation is to live without the love sent to you by Our Trinity, not recognizing the authority that comes from Our House. Man longs for immortality; therefore he mistakenly seeks how to find bodily immortality. The soul is immortal and this is what should occupy man. The soul is immortal in Heaven or in Hell, be aware of this, so that work and action will be in accordance with Our Will, so that you will enjoy eternal life. Each of you walks the path as long as the path is what you want; otherwise you abandon it. It is the same with the commitment you have to Us. Our children, our people cry before so many trials, which ultimately lead to greater faith and great patience, such as I had. Patience is a great partner for humility, to overcome the judgments that people are used to make light of. Then Christ said to me: my child, the entire universe has been entrusted to man, so that, serving my Father, he dominates everything that has been created. The universe is not beyond man, nor man beyond the universe, because what happens in the universe interferes with man, and man will be called to account for what he does against what has been entrusted to him. The great planetary alignment begins and this movement changes the entire universe, manages to penetrate the earth and therefore man, changing his psyche and causing man to perceive this emanation that takes place in the universe. For man is not normal in receiving this reaction, which reaches him with force from the universe, changing and altering the thinking, behavior and intelligence of man, who is not prepared to receive such a convulsion. Man's reaction when he is not focused on me is violence, reproach, intolerance, selfishness, jealousy, criticism, arrogance and a strong emanation of rejection. Therefore, humanity is characterized by strong actions and reactions, different from how humans behaved and reacted before. This, combined with Satan's snares on mankind, has transformed my children into veritable time bombs who react impulsively, and their actions are unexpected and unbelievable, due to their alienation from our Trinity, from my Mother and due to their disbelief in the intercession of my blessed ones. The man of this moment is perceived by evil as a weak human being who is given a dose of rebellion until the rebellion transforms into hatred. Therefore, I constantly call on you to watch yourselves, your actions, reactions and deeds. That is why I constantly call on you to stop, to reflect on how you are acting and to check the degree of your love for me and for your neighbor. My beloved ones, there will be predicted crises in countries that will cause constant protests until they are uncontrollable. Scarcity is becoming common in every aspect for human survival. The sun, which according to you has entered a phase of inactivity, is preparing for a strong solar eruption that will emanate coronal mass ejections, affecting great scientific advances in various fields. Humanity will remain incapable of communication, forced to return to the past to survive. My beloveds, mankind does not think about those eventualities that come from outside the earth, nor those it receives from nature itself. There are agitators in the nations who are responsible for creating conflicts, letting loose talk in the air that sows discord. Pay attention my people! Those who wish to rule the world are supplying the people with weapons. I ache for young people who are carelessly encouraged to carry weapons. I urge the youth not to take part in riots and protests, as they will become participants in massacres because of their heat. Young people, run away! Do not stain your hands with the blood of your brothers. The Southern Cone will be first anguish and then peace. My mother emanated her blessed blood on Argentine soil as a prelude to what is to come. Nothing happens without my warning to my people. My Mother has not been heard. North America will be a country of convulsions. On the great bridge they will find themselves facing death lurking in ambush in savage hands. Brazil is weeping, weeping, and together with this land the whole world will weep. He who does not believe and protects himself behind a few words will not see this convulsion.... This is how it has always been. How these creatures of mine will lament that they did not obey at all times! The enemies of the soul have grasped at human weaknesses to destroy what is mine. At this moment, Mine have become unrecognizable and irrational beings, not recalling My Will, knowing that man's heart leads him to be a beggar or a hero, not for his courage, but for his spirituality, for living according to the Will of God. Argentina, you do not have riches, agitation is growing, murmurs are being raised and there are cries in the streets. Wise people fear reprisals against agitators. There will be plots at dawn. Oh, Argentina! Land of writers and songs, voices will drown in lament that you will suffer unjustly. I asked you for devotion, and meanness triumphed; you will weep in the face of disobedience; mobs will enter the palace in search of valuables. My people await my Angel of Peace; he will be impartial; he will have my Law in his heart, and his word will be my Law. England will sigh, the pain will come unexpectedly. Europe will know destruction, ancient palaces will be ruins. How lacking in love and respect for our Trinity, when you insult my Mother, and my temples remain empty, doors closed! My people find nowhere to come and worship Me. Man removes Me from his life, and I, the beggar of love, call upon him that all may come to Me. The Middle East will explode, cruelty will overflow and the land suffers. I call upon you, I explain My Word to you, so that you will not believe that I have forgotten you. I call upon you so that my people remain by my side, not losing faith in divine and maternal protection. Come to me, live in my Word, be doers of God's Law and do not walk in other ways. The Word is one for ever and ever. I love you, my children, you are my great treasure. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 17 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Maternity embraces everyone.... My care remains over every person. You are my children whom I received at the foot of the Cross of my Son, and as my children I care for you at every moment and intercede for all in equal measure. Beloved people of my Son, spare no effort to remain united.... Unity is fundamental for you at this very moment, and its protection goes beyond the physical and is spiritual at the same time. I have foretold to you the moments to come.... These are the moments! And I have called you to unity, to that unity that at this moment is very important and necessary for every person, for all of you as brothers and sisters and worshippers of the Heavenly Father, my Son and the Holy Spirit. For you, my children, the way in which violence has increased throughout humanity is not new. For a long time now, the House of the Father has been constantly warning you of this regrettable fact. In my revelations, I have explained to you what this violence consists of, that evil will have as its prelude the global manifestation of the antichrist as the sole leader of humanity. Heaven warned you that you are at war, because this war presents itself differently from previous models of other wars throughout history. This third world war involves a scale of violence of various forms, in which people will reach unimaginable extremes for human thought. The most powerful nations will take advantage of protests and states of global turmoil to seize power with greater force. Millions of my children will be maimed, persecuted and raped in every aspect, and will be killed. Temples will be plundered. Already some temples are being desecrated with worldly and satanic spectacles. You know that loyalty is expressed not only in words, but in deeds. In your every action you can see whether you are children of my Son, whether you are lukewarm, whether you belong to the darkness. At this moment a thermometer has been placed in front of each of you, a thermometer that measures my children by their words, their testimony and their deeds, so they will know and recognize you.... If you belong to my Son, you must keep peace in your hearts, because you have the knowledge and the certainty that this moment is a test for everyone and evil is attacking you to bring out the worst in you, the least Christian reactions, to give evil witness to the faith you profess to my Son Jesus Christ and the love you have for me as Mother. Trusting in the word of my Son is essential at this time, more than at others, some will be tried in secret.... Others will be tried in patience.... Still others will be a wall of prayer, not only born of faith and from the Heart, but prayer put into action, so that they will be witnesses of true love for God's Will, calling their brothers and sisters to conversion.... Others of my children will be tested in trust, love, hope.... And most of these trials lead to one thing, true unity in brotherhood. My children, whoever thinks too much about the future is driven to despair because of the evil that surrounds all of humanity and remains wary of souls to attack them.... Whoever allows himself to be carried away by the moment of trial, that evil will lead him to act as he has never acted before.... Whoever overcomes the trial with faith and love, he is full of the Holy Spirit, and the trial will be a great blessing to his life. Children, who dares to say that on the path of the true children of my Son a trial will not appear at the most unexpected moment? Whoever is tested is tested because he or she is on the right path, whoever is never tested should worry and sincerely look around - what path is he or she on? Accept the trial with love, patience, mercy and faith. Love will make the trial less severe; patience will give you peace and security, leading you to offer all that is coming for your brothers and sisters who are suffering all over the earth. Love will lead you to trust in my Son. The greatest quality of a Christian is love for God and for his neighbor, knowing that in one way or another the brother or sister next to him can help him. Faith gives you the certainty that you have been chosen to be faithful children of my Son, and for this reason you are tested. People of my Son, children of my Immaculate Heart, the Most Holy Trinity has called groups of young people all over the world, so that these young people will be the support for their brothers and sisters who need it at this time, so that they will attract with love other young people who should join this call, but because of the lack of a single act of love they remain on the outside. These young people will be the ones who will accompany this Mother, being a support to their brothers and sisters, including those who are older in age. These young people will be the example of living in accordance with the will of my Son, and they will be the ones who will accompany the Angel of Peace, so that the mission that the House of the Father has entrusted to this child will be fulfilled and that he will help the people of my Son in times of greater tribulation. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be merciful, mercy is maturity, and maturity is a sign of faith, understanding, education, respect towards my Son, towards yourself and towards your neighbor. Mercy is the evidence of a mature soul, and this is what each of my children should have at hand at all times. Help your neighbor, be tireless servants of others. Children, be attentive to your neighbor, do not insult, do not slander, do not be greedy, do not reproach the past. Everyone has the same chance to change their ways. Be love at all times without hesitation, because whoever loses love can overtake himself and be overtaken by anger, which is an important weapon of Satan, because it has various forms, including poison that wounds and causes him and his brothers to bleed. Anger is the great evil of this moment for the people of my Son. Whoever lives under the power of anger gives territory to Satan at any moment, and Satan makes that person more susceptible to injury at any moment, conditioning him until Satan takes him for himself. Peace is very important to the human spirit, even in the midst of a storm. You know brothers or sisters who lose their own lives in a moment of madness. These children of mine cause me great pain; as a Mother, I do not want to lose them. Therefore, I encourage you to pray for each other at every moment, to serve and protect each other. You will encounter different paths, but you who have remained faithful must double your good deeds, good works, so that the merit will be greater and the overcoming of temptation will be greater. Children of my Immaculate Heart, there is no manual for the life of a Christian, I cannot give it to you as Mother. You would have to wait for me to describe to you each of the events and unexpected events of each of you in particular, and this as Mother I will not detail. There is only one manual for the life of a true Christian, the Ten Commandments of God's Law. Whether you like them or not, they are the manual for the life of a true Christian, have been, are and will be, without omitting the Beatitudes, the works of mercy, the sacraments and the adoration of the Eucharist. Each of you is a temple of the Holy Spirit, and the wiles of Satan should not enter these temples, neither in any aspect nor under any form. Know the works and deeds of my Son, and after putting them into practice, say to me: 'Mother, I am a child of your Son. Before doing so, however, do not recklessly assure me of this. Know my Son, yes, it is necessary for you to be true, but in knowing Him, you must put this knowledge into action, for knowledge without due practice is worth nothing. It would be like a gardener who planted a variety of all the most beautiful roses, constantly fertilized them, possessed all the knowledge about cultivation, about plagues, about the smallest signs of plagues that could attack them - but if this gardener did not bestow his love on the roses, he would always lack the ingredient that would distinguish them and make them special. If a person has everything he desires and considers necessary for his life, knows what he is asked, is outstanding and knows all the ideologies, sciences, arts, music, mathematics, is an outstanding historian of the universes, but if he does not have the love to overcome himself, and his ego, he will succumb before the lack of knowledge of what is most important, love and the development of this precious gift within himself, and will not be able to recognize it in his brothers and sisters. Beloved people of my Son, I must confide in you as a Mother that you must be vigilant; the vision of evil is to attract as many souls as possible, and those souls are the souls of each of you, not other souls. Evil desires this spoil, that of the souls of those who struggle constantly to be faithful to my Son. In this struggle arise disputes, uprisings, threats, persecution and acts transferred to reality; this war is based on threats, acts of violence, cruelty and the reality of man against man. Beloved people of my Son and of my Immaculate Heart, revolts are poisoning the nations; it is a scourge that passes from people to people. Evil moves in the emotional instability of man, in which evil is expert in who lacks faith. You will hear about disasters, place by place. At any time there will be an attack in some country, it will seem endless. Because of the need for evil to keep the mind of man immersed in violence and to lead nations and people in constant uncertainty, in order to create fear at this time, the birth of evil, which is terrorism, has been revealed, and it will continue to carry the suffering of all humanity and will not tire of it. As Mother, I warn you, children, trust in the protection of my Son, in my protection, and be cautious and prudent. Pray, my children, pray for Ecuador, the pain will be a stigma on the Heart and mind of this beloved nation. Pray, my children, pray for Paris, England, Spain, Italy, Portugal, Germany, the United States, the Middle East, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Pakistan, Japan, China, Nigeria and Russia. Evil has taken root in these nations in a special way. Pray, my children, for Italy, for it is in the midst of the light that the hand of evil will come. Suffering comes from the depths of the earth; the two great volcanoes I have already mentioned will soon become active and pose a great danger to my children. Pray, my children, pray for the United States. When the strong eagle scrambled with other countries, it gained enemies. At this moment, those who consider themselves enemies may find themselves in it, and they will be a great sorrow to this nation. Nature will scourge them continually. This nation will be mentioned for the great trial it will undergo in its system of government. Pray my children, the waters of the sea will invade the earth without reason, and inactive volcanoes will become strongly active. Children, there must be spirituality, peace, harmony, understanding in every home, and you must have Scripture, but not to decorate your home. Have sacramentals, receive my Son in the Eucharist, pray the Holy Rosary. In every home there must be true union with my Son and constant practice of the true child of my Son, the law of love. Be children who are aware of the moment. There are children who have not recognized the moment in which humanity is moving, but recognize it now, as it was announced by the Holy Trinity. Be people who realize, and not just read the word that Heaven reveals to you in advance in these calls, but above all be people who do God's will. My Son's Church needs the prayers of its members; evil has entered it forcefully but secretly. You are the mystical body. Recognize that this mystical body simultaneously has cancer and must be healed. Children, trials pass.... my Son leads you to a life of inner peace, gives you what you need, because He loves you. People of my Son, beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not doubt calling on me, I am the Mother of all mankind. When you enter the darkness provoked by man, do not be afraid. The light of your souls will enlighten you. You, my children, are peace guided by the Holy Spirit, who will sustain your brothers and sisters. In every city I see souls who call upon Me, and I come quickly to fill them with love so that they may abide in the faith. I see more souls in the cities who call on me, and I go to them to give them my hand and guide them. I see souls who are growing every moment and my Son rejoices in their response to His requests, and I come to give them my hand and guide them. I see groups of children who, as in the Upper Room, receive the word of Heaven with special love. Beloved children, each of you is a refuge for my Son, for me and for yourselves. You must know that there are places of refuge where you can protect yourselves in the moment that I am pointing out to you, created by some of my children. Some places of refuge are large to accommodate many of you, others are not so large, and still others are family places of refuge. You should not go in looking for them or feel bad because you are not part of a group created for this purpose of protection. You have this protection within you, working and acting as my Son works and acts. Your homes are permanent places of refuge for our hearts, if God's love dwells in them, if you are messengers of peace and fruits of unity and fraternity, being witnesses and testimonies of faith, hope and love for your neighbor, remaining in a state of Grace or in constant vigilance, so that you may come to that state of Grace, not only for yourselves, but so that you may give yourselves to others in one heart, the heart of my Son, which will not allow you to discriminate. The people of my Son are already victorious and, together with the angels, companions of the way and the blessed, proclaim the glory of God forever and ever. Amen. I love you, my children. Carry your scapulars with you. I bless you with my heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 24 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you and, as the Mother I am to mankind, you remain in my Heart. Let not the heart of one who lives in constant search of conversion be troubled. The path to my Son is a path full of trials. Each trial, however, is a blessing, without which you would not grow faster and faster, as you should grow at this moment, when the people of my Son must know and recognize the Word of God in the Holy Scriptures. Children of my Immaculate Heart, humanity is in confusion; you are asking each other why to believe and what to believe. This way of acting and behaving is not in accord with the Will of God contained in the Law of God, in the Commandments, which are inalienable, immutable and unchangeable. They are the eternal will of the Father, so that His children do not fall into confusion and clearly remain in love, fulfillment and practice, obedient to the Divine Will. You whom I love, you my children, I call upon you to remain steadfast and unyielding. Your brothers need testimonies that motivate them to continue their quest to say 'yes' to God without hesitation, without fatigue, without setting aside their commitment to their neighbor and to each individual. I mentioned to you that uncertainty will be the bane of my Son's people, and you are experiencing it. Terrorist acts are occurring with increasing frequency, their purpose is to intimidate, create chaos and drive people to impatience and bewilderment. I ask you not to doubt, but to strengthen your faith in every explanation of this word of my Son. Who is pursued by evil? The innocent, the poor children of this Mother, but above all it pursues young people, to take them as part of this terror that is spreading everywhere, without any fear or hesitation. How I grieve for these works and deeds! The devil seeks my children in order to lead them to fall and that they abandon my Son, transgress God's Law and are those who interrupt the brotherhood that my Son asks of you and that he has entrusted to every human being, so that in full brotherhood you may progress in love, charity, hope and faith. It is difficult for one who is not Love to walk. Continue to receive my Son in the Holy Eucharist. Discover God's Presence in every moment of life, in all of creation, so that while you are aware of this, you may also be tireless seekers of truth. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are aware that the smoke of Satan has invaded the Church of my Son, and that therefore evil rejoices when it shakes those who are mine, threatening the faith of my Son's people. The Word of God is one, yesterday, today and always, is and will be. The threats of ideologies and sects against the Church of my Son have become a reality. From within the church itself, they are attacking the church, oppressing it and distorting the true Word of God, so that chaos spreads and the faithful depart from the church that my Son established. Divisions are occurring and my Son's Church will be shaken severely to its foundations. Some of my priests have set aside the true teaching for my Son's people, thus serving interests alien to God's Will. Freemasonry has exerted a strong influence on the faithful people, has given them a conditional teaching of the true faith, and because of this, the weak faith of my children is like a flag in the wind that even doubts what it believes. Man has failed to overcome his ego, allowing pride and self-love to bend him so that he chooses what is wrong and sinful, gravely offending the Holy Trinity. Children, insist on crushing the human ego with divine love so that it does not resist. Do not forget that love conquers all and remains in constant development, because from every act or work it receives the equivalent of these acts and works for the good or evil of human creation. Be those who fulfill the Will of God at every moment, be true witnesses of God's Love that dwells in you, do not forget that you are not empty creatures, but that the Holy Spirit dwells in each of you. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the moment that is not a moment is God's time, in which every revelation is fulfilled. Live in peace, do not despair and do not fear. Faith in the love and Mercy of my Son for you must be greater and do not despair. At every moment of action must sum up this testimony of true Christians before their brothers and in secret. In this way, the expectation is not so terrible nor will Divine Justice lead you to despair, because you are a reflection of the action and work of the true child of my Son. The human will should overcome every attack in order to forcefully say "No!" to that which can separate it from Divinity and distance it from eternal happiness. Pray children, pray for France, which is suffering without respite, pray for this nation. Pray, children, pray for the United States, which is suffering because it has embraced the devil. The same devil is pursuing them so that they will break down and not invoke God. Suffering will be caused by minds disturbed by evil, and nature will make them suffer. Pray for Germany, some event will shake them. Pray for Brazil, pray. In an instant terror will invade this land. Pray, my children, in this moment of agitation, despair and lack of love for God in which humanity lives, give way to the reign of evil over people. This kind of behavior is not befitting a man who is a child of God. Mankind does not see evil in anything, evil is good, and what is right is old-fashioned. This is Satan's deception, which you do not want to recognize, and which is leading you towards eternal fire if you do not repent and convert. War will be recognized as such, and those who are fighting for world domination will not delay. Humanity will be taken by surprise in the midst of fear. Children of my Immaculate Heart, the demon is calling man to surrender to it, misused technology continues to enslave the minds of children and young people. Innovations are not innovations, games are traps of Satan. Do not accept these traps of evil, do not be led into new games, these are traps that lead you to engage in evil. Stop the manipulative technology that lurks in children and young people and ruins them to steal their souls! Children, these moments are powerful moments. At the same time, the child of God knows that he will not be defeated if he stays on the right path. I protect you like a Mother who loves her children, do not leave. Nature is changed in an extreme way. Be those who adore my Son, and with the love of my Son spread blessings to all creation. I love you all, I bless you. I kiss your hearts so that you go on without hesitation. The people of my Son do not go alone, but under the protection of your God. At every moment raise this request, in moments of spiritual fullness, Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary, be my strength and that of my brothers. In every moment of unity, Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary, be my strength and that of my brothers. In every moment of solitude, Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary, be my strength and that of my brothers. In every trial, Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary, be my strength and that of my brothers. In faith, hope and love, Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary, be my strength and that of my brothers. In blessing the family, Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary, be my strength and that of my brothers. In trials and sufferings, Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary, be my strength and that of my brothers. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 29 2016 - Mother of God
Dear children of my Immaculate Heart, everyone is a child of God, 'everyone', even those who do not believe in Him. Those who run away from God swim against the current of their own existence. God knows everything that man desires, He knows it from above, 'by the hands of God man has been formed'. Time is the work of God's hands and everything is fulfilled in His time.... Not in the one that man wants to impose. You, my children, know that away from the Father you are heading for an ignominious death, you are heading for disaster, you are going against the established order, you are going in search of what the misuse of free will will give you, will facilitate you. Who facilitates man's use of his free will against what the Father has established? satan. It is at this moment, when man does not see that he is in covenant with sin, that he gives himself into the hands of evil, makes a pact with sin, which takes human freedom and invades it, dominates it, maintaining power over man. Evil, then, is that which commands and maintains power over man's will, provoking in him the awakening of unholy instincts, resulting from the unhappiness born of the abuse of human freedom, which has led the soul to find itself at a great crossroads, faced with sin that oppresses it and does not allow it to regain its unity with the Most Holy Trinity. My Son dies on the Cross so that man, lost and dead because of sin, will rise to new life in union with the Most Holy Trinity. This has been forgotten by many of my children, who do not notice that every sin distances them even from themselves. You are not the unity of God's Love, but a unity that rebels against what God's Law has established for the straight path of His children. Man walks against unity. A large part of mankind follows fashion, a goal that is not God's Will. You are walking like zombies towards what is not the ultimate goal of man, which, as God's children, is to attain eternal life. The devil has succeeded in making evil and discord enter my Son's Church. The goal of the devil is to divide My Son's Church, to break it apart in order to make it easier for himself to control it and lead it into schism. For my children, this moment is a moment of wakefulness, a moment of knowledge, of absolute faith, of unconditional love for the Holy Trinity. At this moment, the lukewarm are in grave danger. You must know and accept the reality, my children, the unity is shattered, you call yourselves Christians, but you are fighting against each other. The devil has carried out the division without human resistance, not recognizing that this is a great work of evil, dividing the people of God and introducing deadly poison even among some cardinals, bishops and priests, so that the poison is not so visible. Children of my Immaculate Heart, some of my priests have adopted the celebration of the Eucharist as a routine and have forgotten the transubstantiation, the fact that my Son is present in the Eucharist out of love for those who receive Him in faith. My children, do not forget that if you receive the Body and Blood of my Son without sorrow for the sins you have committed and a firm intention to make amends for them, any Communion outside the state of grace results in your condemnation. Evil possesses cunning and knows the weakness of every human creature, and stands in the way of man to defeat him. The proud man does not listen to the voice of Heaven, which time and again heralds to him the dangers he is in.... He who is proud is puffed up and listens to nothing but what he himself wants.... He who is proud blames his brothers to hide his pride .... He who is proud argues all the time .... I mention this because some of you live proud and don't accept it, remain puffed up and don't accept it, spend your life feeding on science, but without God. This is science of evil, science without love, science without mercy, science without humility and without justice. Science without God is the science of evil. Children of my Immaculate Heart, at this moment you who overcome the failures of each moment will find strength in the Eucharist, in union with my Son, in fulfilling the Law of God, in works of mercy and in advancing the Will of God. You must strive to be that new people who find support in my Son, in a fervent desire for unity. You must walk in such a way as to fulfill the Will of my Son, being those new people who love my Son and are ready to be doers and worshippers of God's Will. At this moment, mankind has taken its course, with some going towards Divine Truth, and others hurting the Sacred Heart of my Son by rushing with desire towards sin and its novelties. Due to the lack of this awakening of man regarding the sin that accompanies man, the tentacles of evil constantly appear with novelties so that man is lost. The devil must steal man's time so that man does not react, so that his mind is occupied with imaginary lives and so that he does not hear the call of My Son. My children, I received you at the foot of the Cross of my Son, and as Mother I must warn you. The games you are using at this time through the technology you constantly carry in your hand are making you robots, detaching you from reality and absorbing your interests to the point that you become those who fulfill the desires of the devil. There is no unity, the gift of speech has been lost. Each of my children has built his own world, without love for his neighbor, but only for himself; everyday life is like one more movie, which you pass on to everyone you want, without regard for the consequences. The man of this generation falls into the abyss of contempt for freedom and has plunged into debauchery in every respect. Children, this is the product of evil, this is what evil desires, so that those who are followers of evil will not stop and carry out all its works and actions on you, who expose yourselves selflessly. I deeply ache for what childhood has led adults to, opening up the path of unbridled sex, sexual deviancy, considering what is immoral as natural, accepting what is a great approximation to evil as part of life; pray, my children, pray for the Church of my Son, the schism is approaching with great steps, confusion is spreading and the devil is taking advantage of this moment. Pray, my children, pray for Romania, for she will be overwhelmed by pain, nature will shake her, and water will flood her. Pray, my children, evil is moving among the nations, seizing the darkness to prepare its actions. Suffering is the goal of evil. Terrorism is alive, feeding at every moment on the product of its actions. Pray, my children, pray for Brazil, its soil attracts pain. Pray, my children, chaos becomes one with the United States, which has lost its peace. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, love the Most Holy Trinity, penetrate Divine Love and find the taste of goodness in doing God's Will. Humanity is anxiously receiving the evil actions of terrorism. This tentacle of the devil is strengthened by those who suffer from the voluntary absence of my Son in their lives. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I call you to conversion, cry out for the wisdom of the Holy Spirit within you, cry out for the gift of discernment in the face of new information that perplexes you. Children, mercy is fading; you are attracting mercy to humanity and infecting it with it. It is not only misfortunes that should keep you alert, but abiding in the path of my Son and in the mutual fulfillment of Divine Love. Warn your brothers about the moment you are living in. Some will believe, others will reject you. Do not give up, but continue to warn your brothers to return to the path of the Gospel. My children, do not expect the organizations established to protect the Earth to warn you about the truth of the dangers coming from space. The Earth is threatened from space by an asteroid. Do not try to save the body, but the soul. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, understand that the goal of each of you is eternal life. I protect you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 01 2016 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of My people, My children, receive My Blessing. My Love and Mercy do not diminish in the face of the insults that man utters against Me. I call you to repentance and conversion. My Love and Mercy do not diminish, and at the same time My Justice is present. My beloved people, you have knowledge of what will happen at this time, you have learned it in the Holy Scriptures. People will rebel against My Love and come to mock me and everything that reminds them of the love of Our Trinity and, above all, the redemption of mankind. And this rebellion is taking place at this moment, which is the moment the Scriptures speak of. You have forgotten the suffering of these disobedient children, who of their own free will, completely voluntarily, submitted to the punishment for their sins. Punishment that is the fruit of their continued sins, ignoring the warnings of our Trinity. Promiscuity reigns; everything that Scripture confirms and that my Mother warned you about in her appeals is ignored and scorned, so that my people are not afraid. This is not my will, although not all who claim to preach my Word are true, my tools are harshly criticized when I or my Mother warn you and explain to you what you live and will live in repentance. Man perished with the flood, and with the new flood of fire, the ungodly will perish. This generation would have to remain united with me, so that the mistakes of the previous generation would not be repeated. This has not happened. Past mistakes, transgressions and sins have multiplied everywhere; transgressions are greater as are the inventions of sin. At this moment the devil demonstrates his cunning, more so than in previous moments.... Satan is keeping this moment as his goal, as the ultimate moment to spread his evil and make it grow in people. A great number of my children claim to love me and pretend to love me, secretly persecuting my faithful children, sowing discord so that unity cannot bring my people together in one peaceful agreement. The destroyer of mankind finds the ground prepared to be well received, sin has increased, and the power of evil over man reaches as far as man with his free will allows, before grace diminished by man's constant rejection of Salvation. Each of my children, in the depths of his being, retains the recognition that I am the truth, but refuses to recognize me. I do not command man to act beyond his capacity; I do not call upon you to be what you cannot be. Those who do not act rightly do so not because they cannot act rightly, but because the world and the flesh have taken root in them and are stronger than their own will and good intentions. My beloved ones, it is urgent that you take my appeals and those of my Mother with great seriousness. A moment is not a moment.... What must be fulfilled has been revealed to you and is just now being fulfilled. Wake up! Do not be among those who act as if evil has not contributed to the suffering of this generation, which is suffering, which is suffering and which will suffer the unimaginable. At this time, the interests of the leaders of powerful nations are focused on their own personal interests. Therefore, human suffering will be continuous until the antichrist is defeated. My people must prepare themselves spiritually, elevate themselves and remain united with my Holy Spirit, so that they will not err. Man's thinking has not expanded, rather it has been limited spiritually, and at the moment it has been limited even more, so it does not respond to my appeals and continues to give in to evil. My call for you to be transcendent, to be first and foremost spiritual, applying my teachings and precepts in all your works and deeds, is referred to as 'beyond the limits' in which I can guide my people, and that is why those who consider themselves scholars refer to you as followers of the so-called new age. Yes, children, I want you to fulfill my requests, I want a new man, a renewed man who thinks and knows me fully, open to listening to my Holy Spirit, because I have not reserved holiness for some, but have it available to all my people. Children, the new ideological currents want to limit you in order to keep you in the traps that Satan sets before you, making it difficult for you, through false definitions of false religiosity, to be more spiritual and less worldly. A spiritual man is not one who stays away from the world, but one who is not worldly and whose life is a witness to my Love present in fulfilling what our Divine Will has commanded you. You receive greater guidance from Our House because of the proximity of great events, but do not trust those who do not confirm the sacred scriptures to you, because there is no man on earth who possesses the truth of Our Trinity. Man cannot attain absolute truth, for it is beyond the human spirit. My people, how many falsehoods are being conveyed to you! Worldly power rests on the shoulders of the great opponents of our truth. This power conceals what is coming to mankind, what is in the universe and what will affect the Earth. Much of science voluntarily muzzles and is at the service of the powerful. Man's power over man is more important to those who rule the great powers than the safety of human life across the planet. They reject my Mother's loving legacy and my warnings so that mankind does not panic, and thus they hide the Salvation of the soul from man, hindering him from being spiritual in the first place. They saturate mankind with science that is misused, and lean towards technology that makes man an enigma under the dictates of Satan, in order to create in man a false spiritual renewal and growth of evil, with the intention that it is man who breaks unity with our home and his brothers, seeing in everyone who is on his side the enemy. My beloved people, wake up before it is too late! ... pray, my children, pray for the United States, misused technology has invaded homes, led them to a sense of superiority over humanity. At this moment, my Heart is sorrowing for this nation, which will suffer from the upheavals of the earth; the offenses against our Trinity are countless; the devil is taking control in this nation. Terror has arisen in his own land and my children will suffer in broad daylight. Nature is scourging them; the politics of this nation will be a novelty. Pray, my children, pray, communism is advancing, insidious in its falsity. What seemed good is not - on the contrary, it has disguised itself as a lamb to invade other territories and gain power. Pray children, for Germany, they will cry before terror. Pray for Russia, nature is scourging it. Pray my children, sin in all its forms reigns in the great world meeting. The pain is powerful. Pray my children, the winds strike unexpectedly, the waters surprise man, the seas are not as they used to be, deformed sea creatures appear. Pray, the earth is shaking. Pray for Chile, Japan, pray for the west coast of the United States, pray for India. My beloved people, from Heaven you will see that what will make man tremble is approaching; fire is approaching without humanity's awareness. Selfishness will allow it to happen. Be messengers of peace, be unity. I protect my people, you, my children. I love and protect you, I guard you, I am King and Lord. I love you with an everlasting love. I bless you from my Sacred Heart. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 06 2016 - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my people, my Blessing is constant towards all people. My Mercy constantly emanates from my hands, desiring to be received by those who need it. With pain, my Mercy returns to me anew, there are few who receive it. Humanity rejects My Love, and this has caused humanity to have a heart that hardens more and more with each passing moment. My children look at each other with contempt, the struggle of great nations is a struggle that has formed in the hearts of most of their people. At this moment, my people, my people, of which everyone who follows me and wants to save their souls, is looked upon with contempt. The moment of suffering is coming, the moment that I have delayed.... It is coming inexorably to this generation, to whom so much has been revealed in all the revelations of My Mother, and the people will not recognize it willingly. The foundations of the earth will be shaken again and again. The water of the seas will come ashore, rise to the surface and flood the cities. How much I still have to remember! My people must delve into the revelations of my Mother in various beloved countries, where she has revealed in advance what you are experiencing and will experience at this time. My beloved people, do not keep my Love to yourself or the knowledge you have, do not withhold faith or be lukewarm. 'I am who I am' and I keep My Love and protection over him who will not deny Me. Mankind celebrates, and in the midst of distraction appears the darkness of a man with a heart of stone. Godlessness does not wait, disease and violence appear amidst turmoil, and nations react without conscience. The seas have been taken over by the powerful as their property, and the waters are tainted by constant bombardment from nations seeking to intimidate other nations. People have forgotten that the waters of the seas flow into the depths of the earth and that the contamination is irrevocable. The earth, given to man for sustenance and to inhabit, is being indiscriminately polluted at the moment by humanity without conscience, which only wants to achieve its goals, to be powerful and dominate the world. Do not continue to pollute the waters of the seas.... This water is seeping into the land and my children are getting sick. Right now, my dear children, you are in constant danger. Some are aware of this, others, deaf and blind to these warnings, ignore them and have created their own tower of Babel not to hear me, and will soon fall. My beloved children, my beloved people, your hearts are vibrating with excitement caused by the propaganda of the competition, which has managed to distract you from the terrifying truth that is approaching. My children are indulging in innovations that distance them from me, my children are confused and moving away from the fulfillment of my will. Evil has seized this libertine generation to display the sins that most offend My Sacred Heart and the Immaculate Heart of My Mother. Satan is accomplishing his task by confusing my people, who walk between doubt and darkness. Do you seek the truth? Turn to my Word in Scripture, in the Commandments, in the Sacraments, do not turn away from prayer and from contemplation of the mysteries of the Holy Rosary. Confusion increases at difficult times when Pharisees present a false concept of God's Word to lead more souls astray. Do not argue in false religiosity; know well the Commandments of the Father's House. Do not be among those who seek excuses to offend our Trinity. In order to live in God's Will, you cannot remain lukewarm, you must live in 'yes, yes'. The lukewarm will be cast out of My Father's mouth. My Mercy is one, and it presupposes conditions, without which My Mercy is withheld by the free will of man from acting on behalf of My children. If these conditions are not taken into account, you do not bring My Mercy where sin is committed daily, life is a constant sowing of depravity, and God's Law is ignored for your own convenience. You refuse to realize that the life of each of you is what everyone desires. Beloved children, as time passes, these moments will become more and more difficult. The persecution of my people will be constantly in the news, news that is convenient for the rulers of the nations, who hide the true purpose behind the closure and invasion of my temples. Man, with a darkened soul, seeks the devil. I call on you to return to me. Satan takes the spiritual chaos of man to forcibly start the predicted spiritual confusion, to subvert and cloud consciences, to subvert people of faith and confuse them, to contaminate my chosen ones and catch them in his nets. Love me, feed on my Body and Blood, receive me in the Eucharist. Receive Me in your mouth, in this way you will prevent those who hide Me in their hands to spit on Me and insult Me in ceremonies dedicated to Satan from taking Me and insulting Me. Children, my people, do not continue to think that the Warning will not come, it is as close to you as you remain close to sin. Each of you will experience moments of spiritual solitude, I will allow you to see yourselves accurately. In this solitude you will see yourselves as you really are. You will be overwhelmed by horror, desolation will be experienced, not felt, but experienced by each of you. It is necessary for my children to see themselves inside, to see their work and actions, so that they try to fulfill the Divine commands. You will see fire approaching the earth and the earth will be shaken for a few moments, silence will plague many souls. My people, get ready! Disasters are disasters, persecutions are persecutions. The plagues will increase and become more and more unknown. My Mother has given you protection from the plagues, the oil of the Good Samaritan and other means to fight what science will not be able to fight. My people, with the progress of terror comes famine, and with famine comes the threat to man who focuses his life on the material. I will help my people; my Mother will take you by the hand. Impossible things are impossible for man, not for me. War is in its first phase, soon it will be unleashed without mercy and man will suffer from misused science. My beloved people, pray for Russia, the sleeping giant is waking up and showing its power. My beloved people, pray, the one who seemed innocent will be exposed, his wings stained with blood, giving power to terror. The United States will experience its own internal war. Beloved people, pray that humanity will see how far evil reaches; it denies love, fraternity, solidarity, denies humanity itself and sacrifices itself to kill without mercy. Pray for Brazil. My beloved people, pray, the earth will shake, collapse and be transformed geographically; nature will strike humanity with all its power. Events that have never been seen before will be experienced by this generation. Beloved of My people, man, by refusing to become My child, draws misfortune upon himself. Pray children, pray, mankind lives in constant fear, peace will not be unknown and it is fear that rules the world. My children, I call upon you at this time to approach me with faith and strength. I bless you, my Love surpasses what you can imagine. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 09 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you. Seek Me without ceasing ... Desire me until I become the greatest necessity for you. Love me until reason calls the will to the realization that I am the highest good. My people, be submissive to my calls; the proper disposition of the human person is necessary for faith, hope and love to grow in you. A virtuous man is seen without words, for in him My love shines forth.... A man who wants to be admired lives from his pride; he will possess eloquence, but it will be empty, and his word will not achieve more than temporary admiration. He who does not entrust himself to me and is not humble, does not possess virtue, but only empty words. My people, you must seek unity, you must go in search of the common good, so that devotion to one another is the fulfillment of God's command. He who is not fraternal and puts his own good first, through pride does not see the needs of his brother and sister.... Whoever is fraternal and follows me, joyfully leads his brothers and sisters to the good of all, knowing that my Providence sees the direction in which man acts and pours himself out, satisfying everyone in their needs according to my Will. I only ask you to have the right disposition, and my providence accepts and blesses, blesses and loves. I enlighten you with my Word, for my Word is a revelation which you believe by faith, according to human reason and human will, which approaches me or departs from me. Revelation is not contrary to reason, rather both are necessary. Although reason does not reach the divine mystery, faith protects man from falling into error. Just as one who proclaims that the pain of hell ends through God's mercy falls into grave error; this is contrary to Scripture. The human will is free in accepting good or evil. Nevertheless, I look for man to desire good. My people, you persist in evil; if you do not seek reparation, you cannot receive forgiveness from Me. He who has come to know Me and rejects Me is more guilty if he does not return to union with Me. My people, it is not enough to call each other Christians, it is not with dead works that you gain eternal life. It is not by empty prayer or deeds without my Love that you will gain eternal life, not by appearances that you will gain eternal life. Every moment should be lived as if it were the last, and love must prevail over your own self, otherwise you have not attained the understanding of life in my Will. I urge you not to forget this, humanity has forgotten fraternity, love between brothers and sisters, helping brothers and sisters. Fighting for what is material makes people selfish and hard-hearted. How much longer will you live? How much longer will the system that man has put in place reign? Do I not care for my children, so that my children will give each other help? The birds of the field do not perish, I feed them. In this way, my children are protected by me, guided by me, and by showing them the way in advance, I warn them so that they do not fall prey to the mistakes of the moment. Wake up! Do not let your faith falter. Watch, my children, do not trust the agreements of the people who rule the great nations; be aware that at this moment hunger is taking lives, disease does not cease, natural disasters continue at their peak. Humanity is turning its back on me, rejecting me, immorality is present at every moment, and this, my people, you must beware of, violence - it knows no bounds. Some want to be more violent than others, some of my children have become inclined to the greatest ruthlessness. Young people sadden me with their insensitivity and lack of respect for life and for the elderly. Man lives in the great chaos revealed by My Mother, and not recognized by people. My people, do not be distracted by trivialities, be careful, do not be distracted by the cunning of the devil, who wants to distance you from reality. My Mother shields your soul so that you can remain with Me. My people, from the beginning of this apparition I encourage you to abide in the Immaculate Heart of Mary and in My Sacred Heart. This revelation belongs to our hearts. Therefore, I desire that this revelation of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Sacred Heart of Jesus be recognized, so that each of you, My people, may cry out: thy Kingdom come! At any moment no matter how difficult, for our hearts will beat with my people. David defeated Goliath with a slingshot. My people will triumph with My Love and through the hand of My Mother. Pray, my children, pray for suffering France, England and Spain, they will be surprised by terror and nature will scourge them. Pray, my children, pray for Venezuela, the pain is increasing. The earth is shaking. Pray, my children, pray for Costa Rica, violence is coming. The earth is shaking because of volcanoes. Pray, my children, pray for Japan, she is suffering, her earth is shaking, the water is agitated. Pray children, pray for the Middle East, it has moved violence against humanity, peace is not peace, man is suffering. I will send my help to this my people, my Angel of Peace will come and love you with my Love. He will fight evil and shape my Word in your hearts. My people, how many martyrs at this time! Do not become accustomed to your neighbor's pain, abide in unity, in brotherhood, in love, in respect for one another, do not raise your hand against your brother or sister, do not use your tongue as a double-edged sword. My people, I desire that especially at this time, when evil has taken possession of so many human beings, you take the Holy Eucharist into your mouth. My Body and My Blood must be treated with respect; receive Me in your mouth, do not take Me in your hand. You let me fall, without noticing it, when, after receiving me in your hand, the particles of my holy body fall to the floor, when you carelessly lower your hands and throw me to the ground. This is not because the hand is not worthy or not a part of the body, but because you do not know how to treat me and disregard the value of a single particle of my holy body. My people, I am the shepherd who does not neglect the details of His sheepfold, I foresee and warn you not to make careless mistakes. When you repent of your sins, I see you as for the first time and love you more. Do not be afraid because of what is to come, be afraid to offend me. My Mother does not abandon you. Have faith, at this time each of my people has a burden. Some suffer for those who live in sin, others for those who are dying so that they can repent, others for those who do not recognize their mistakes, others for those who refuse to change and persist in sin. Each of you is like a toe; all of you play a role, but all of you belong to Me. I guide you, I am your Lord, 'I am who I am.' I bless each of you, in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 15 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, at this moment I bless you in a special way. At this moment, when the Will of God is being withheld from fulfillment, the word of God expressed in the Holy Scriptures and highlighted in this revelation of mine is not believed. Children, the faith of my children is faint, in some almost zero, and in others zero. To be true children of my Son, you must live the Gospel in spirit and truth, you must immerse yourselves in Divine Love. I know that you will understand the mysteries of the Kingdom, because you, beloved children, are humble and simple of heart. The Father's House has not left its children alone; it has always and at every moment announced to them what will happen to them if they do not obey, but the proud do not understand how Heaven chooses human beings with a simple heart to make the Word of God clear to its people. 'Why doesn't Heaven speak to me? - the proud often say. I answer this question: because you are not humble, or because scholars do not dare to reveal what the Father's House gives to its instrument, because for scholars it would be a matter of studying and comparing the truths that Heaven reveals at the moment with what their intellect has learned - which in some cases leads them to favor human exegesis full of rational interpretations over the truth of God's Word. Such behavior causes great confusion among my Son's people. Sometimes they deny the greatness of my Son, the miracles He performed, the life of purity and love, in order to introduce doubt into the mind of man, so that man doubts the mission of my Son, His self-sacrifice, His resurrection, and therefore the Salvation of man. My children, there are few scholars who put aside human intellect to jump into the great truth of the Divine Word.... there are few who, out of love for the Father's House, raise their voices as they deliver the Messianic message of My Son.... there are few instruments who, in accordance with the Divine Will, reveal what my Son reveals to them. Human considerations prevail in human hearts over communicating this according to the Sacred Heart of my Son .... Beloved children, I will be driven away from my children, just as my Son is driven away from His people .... I will be pushed away as the Mother of my Son, you will be an orphaned people ... Not all those called to bring the Word of God to the people of my Son accept this great challenge, which at the same time is a great blessing at this time, when the vast majority of humanity goes against the orders of the Father's House and has joined those who follow evil. At this moment, human beings trample on their brothers and sisters without hesitation, denying their parents, siblings and relatives, when their mind, disturbed by Satan, clouds their reason, leading them to be less human and more worldly. Children, at this moment there are fierce battles, great slaughters of innocents, the earth trembles from receiving so much innocent blood, it shakes as prayers and petitions fall upon it for Satan to completely rule the earth. This, beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, is why the United States is so scourged and will be in great measure, because the authorities do not observe the First Commandment of God's Law.... So many offenses do not go unpunished. Time and again my Son is wounded, he is scorned in homes and in public and private institutions, so that he is thrown out, and in the same way man does not want to know about my Son, but only about lust, moral decadence, lack of love and disorder. Children of my Immaculate Heart, mankind is mostly living without love in its heart, and if there is some love in the Heart of man, expressing it is a cause of great embarrassment. At the moment, a large number of my children are piercing my Heart when a man and a woman live together in homes, ignoring each other, because the man has been formed in a society where the Heart of man has become hardened, and reason tells him not to express emotional feelings, above all toward his wife, in order to distort the true meaning of family. This is Satan's work, that is. How is it that you do not see this? ... marriage has been brought to indifference in order to destroy it by the lack of commitment in marriage and by the lack of feelings that keep their lamp lit so that neither storms, nor strong winds, nor snares can destroy love in marriage and in the family. Children, keep your homes alive. The family must survive in the midst of such madness, man and woman must live in peace and be a witness to each other, to their children, as well as to the Church of my Son and to society. Therefore, you should not hide marital love, you must constantly cause it to grow. When a family works and acts by hiding love, it satisfies evil and magnifies it, because love usually fades away. From this is born the little love that children bestow on their parents, their siblings, their grandparents, etc. I suffer from the lack of expression of love between families, and this lack is expressed in society through acts that are completely inhuman, unthinkable and irreparable. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, love is being removed from the earth. It is possessed by a few and these few, are constantly tempted. Therefore, I call upon you to keep the flame of love alive. My children are not hardened and cannot afford to be outsmarted by Satan when they lose their temper and become enraged by unforeseen life events. Children, you must understand that each of you is a challenge to Satan. The lord of lies needs growth through his tentacles that torment man; therefore, you should not participate in this; you would be accomplices of Satan if you habitually concealed the sublime sacrament and true devotion of marriage, respect in conjugal life and love between brothers and sisters in the family. The enemy uses the lack of concern of one for the other like a great tentacle against love .... The enemy uses lies as another great tentacle against love ... The enemy uses indifference as another great tentacle against love ... Disloyalty and unfaithfulness is another great tentacle of Satan; deception justifies every sanction. This tentacle of Satan is one of the great snares by which evil takes possession and destroys families. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, humanity is living upside down, sin is rampant throughout the earth. Is this, is this not a great rebellion against my Son? ... Beloved children, the extinguishing of love will give all power to evil. Families without love are families in agony, exposed to the attacks of evil. Do not forget that my Son will send beside you His Angel of Peace, who will recognize love in man. My children, love my Son, and my Son will show you the Way, the Truth and the Life. Call out to me and I will help you to love as my Son loves each of you. Pray, my children, pray for Germany, terrorism will be a great scourge for this nation, it will be constantly shaken by terrorism. Nature will come with force to shake the Heart of this nation. Pray, my children, pray for Switzerland, the tears of my children will flow without restraint, the losses will be countless. Pray, my children, pray for Italy, the volcanoes will activate, the earth will shake, and the people will suffer terror. Pray, my children, pray for France and Spain. These nations will suffer inexorably from the deplorable acts that will be committed against them. These nations will suffer. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, mankind has defied evil, and evil has no mercy for man. Be vigilant, a great pandemic will soon become present in mankind, which is the fruit of misused science, sent to mankind by a great power. Man, having intelligence, uses it in great technological concerns and remains in competition to push this human intelligence to its limits and thus create human beings dehumanized, with a need for violence. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are on the edge of a precipice, the world powers are making secret alliances. The war is going on slowly, but it is advancing without pause, prepare yourselves. The Third World War, after great struggles, will lead the world powers to use nuclear energy. I am suffering greatly because of this, my Son loves each of you and does not want you to suffer, but man in his great ignorance only sees his mistake after it has been committed. Children, follow carefully the peace treaties that are signed. They will be broken without the interference of those who sign them. Children, you believe in astronomers, but not in the calls of Heaven.... An asteroid orbiting the Earth will appear unexpectedly. Volcanoes are entering a new stage of activity. Do not live further than those who do not love my Son. Pay attention to the signs of the moment and do not neglect the signs of the times. Fire will fall from heaven, the earth will be cleansed again. I encourage you to know closely the true love of my Son. I encourage you to call on the Holy Spirit to help you constantly. I encourage you to call me Mother. Do not be restless like those who doubt and believe in men and not in Heaven's protection. Do not get into conflicts, keep the unity of my children. Love one another, love is the strongest barrier against Satan. At this moment you should discover the great power that conquers evil and with which my children must fight, this is love, born in my Son and fully lived in accordance with the Divine Commandments. Unity puts an end to evil.... He who has ears, let him hear that I am with you, I am your Mother. My peace be with you. I bless you with my heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 16 2016 - Jesus Christ
What do I see from Heaven? A planet in agony, wounded by the hand of man whose job it was to keep it in perfect condition.... I see desolation in nature. Trees have been and are being removed with no thought of replacing them; the earth is beginning to run out of water; where water overflowed, it is now scarce. In times of war they will fight over water, just as they are currently trying to take control of oil. How many people serve in my temples to gain some prominence in society! But they do not respect and love me as I desire these souls to love me. I see my consecrated people handing over to Eucharistic ministers functions that clearly belong to my priests; they do this because some do not serve me with enough faith. I am treated carelessly, and my consecrated ones are not completely concerned about my real presence in the Eucharist. I see this and my Heart aches for such a serious act. I see a lack of prayer in some of my consecrated; from this comes a deformity of spirit that leads them to fall into despondency, into routine. Some sermons are poor, they lack my Word, some of them lack the motivation and strength to awaken my people. My Church must remain in constant observance of the fulfillment of the Commandments. Without overlooking them, it must maintain a balanced zeal in fulfilling what the Commandments of our Divine Will command. Unfortunately, some of my consecrated have entered politics, which affects their impartiality and the protection of mine. My task for every consecrated person is to teach my flock; to go in search of those who have gone astray; to call sin sin and evil evil. Lukewarmness nauseates me; it precipitates my children toward Satan to fall into damnation. Freemasonry, along with the illuminati and other sects, have taken high positions in my Church, impoverishing the truth I want my people to know. These sects stand at key points in my House to reverse the Law that my Father sent to His people at the hands of Moses to be fulfilled in all times and places. Evil, disguised as falsehood, has moved into my House, the smoke of Satan has blinded some of my consecrated ones, and they do not see how the demonic serpent is sneaking into my House, introducing the poison of evil among my representatives. Some of the theologians write papers about this difficult time without describing it. In the meantime, there is each of my children, in the meantime, there is humanity itself, because each generation determines what time it is in which it lives. This generation has gone against everything divine, against my most holy Mother.... This generation has gone against me. Such are and will be the times in which it lives, misfortunes, diseases, natural disasters, great calamities, uprisings of people against people, massacre of innocents, disrespect and lack of fulfillment of God's Law, sacraments and other devotional practices. Among some of my children, my Cross hangs on their chests not out of love, but out of modernism, and in some cases out of derision. Satan is invoked to take over humanity.... They ignore the fact that everything will pass away, but My Word will not pass away. Lucifer's rebellion is reappearing among some of my children, who at this moment are rebelling against our Holy Trinity and disregarding my Mother, because of their love for the human ego of man, because of their uncontrolled love for the flesh. This is what my faithful people are suffering at this moment, suffering from those who enjoy godlessness, suffering from grave offenses against My Mother, Heaven and Earth. I am Infinite Mercy and I watch over My children. I wait patiently for sinners to acknowledge themselves as sinners and to seek Me and be reconciled to Me.... So infinite is My love, and at the same time I am just, and I come to separate the wheat from the chaff. Evil seems to overcome, but it will not overcome My Church, our Trinity. He who does good will enjoy my House. Whoever lives in evil, without correcting it, will incur eternal fire.... Sin deprives people of their privileges, it succeeds in making the senses rebel against our Trinity, it breeds in humanity the need for evil deeds and works. Therefore, I command you to reverse the evil done, to ask me to forgive the evil deeds and to ask for help in what you cannot overcome. I see the lack of human consciousness, which does not think beyond its physical essence, is not aware of its spiritual essence, is not aware that the body emanates good or evil, and this affects all of humanity. The essence of good is an extension of my Love and it goes, touching the souls of its brethren, moving hardened hearts. I see how you do not understand that you are an important force on Earth, a force of good or a force of evil. My children should be aware that you emanate darkness or light, and this emanation remains latent at all times. You are not inert bodies, you are capable of performing miracles by the power of unity. Each of you is like a universe in miniature with the greatest potential for creation. Pay attention to this and use it for the good of the soul. I warn you, I caution you, I urge you not to lose heart and be forever taken as a sacrifice by the power of darkness. Do not forget that our Holy Spirit will remain with you, beloved children. '... And I will pray to the Father, and He will give you another Comforter, that He may be with you forever' Children, wake up, respond, reward! ... I hear the cry of my people, protect them especially at this time. Receive me, pray to my Mother to intercede for you, ask our Holy Spirit to pour out his gifts on you. I see humanity - violent, angry, attracted by evil, so that the battle of brother against brother will happen faster. Humanity has been weakened by violent games with no respect for age, because they have been created to wipe out man, influencing the subconscious, preparing him to fight and rebel. Pray, my children, pray to discern the signs of this moment. The warning will not be delayed and you will suffer from evil actions. Pray, my children, pray for Argentina, confusion is advancing, dragging this nation down with it. Violence is gripping this nation, danger is advancing. Pay no attention to terror, be protectors of one another - only then, in unity, will you overcome the turmoil. Pray, my children, pray for the Philippines, they will suffer from terrorism. I see my children suffering from natural disasters, the expected great earthquake is approaching my children. There will be chaos on earth, violence will spread like a plague. Peace will be unknown, violence will be the moment of this generation. My people, be constant in prayer, in devotion, do not let ego cause you to remain unstable in character. Do not neglect love among you, be experts in love, and I will give you the rest. A being who is a reflection of my Love is stable and strives to give without expecting to receive.... A being who is a reflection of my Love expresses the truth of his heart and is compassionate and merciful.... I see my Angel of Peace coming in the midst of my people to help in moments of persecution. My Love will not cease, it will continue to pour out upon you. My Blessing is a treasure for My people. May My Blessing be a source of faith, love, hope and mercy in you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 21 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in a single Act of Love, man must at this moment recognize his distance from God and correct it, for it is a grave error. At this moment, man is moving in an unreality that makes him not listen to the inner voice of his King and Lord. Irrationalism reigns at this moment. The Word of God falls on barren ground that accepts any way of thinking; it is the irrationalism of the instinct of brutality. In my Heart, I grieve so much over this distance of my children from my Son that my Heart bleeds. My children may feel distress in the face of concrete suffering or wrongdoing, but then they do not react, they do not make amends. My children seek debauchery, which makes them cold and hardens their hearts. Debauchery fertilizes man's spiritual soil with irrational fertilizer, which only produces deeds and works that are the fruit of unconquerable temptation. My beloved, humanity is primarily material and less spiritual. You are not interested in the spiritual aspect, but in developing materially, you do not stop at the fact that the body must be sustained by something, and that just as the Heart beats in the body, so 'something' must exist that sustains the spiritual organism. Children, you have a soul, the soul sustains the body and it is the soul that you must save in order to enjoy Heaven. Feeding the soul is how you come to faith in the Trinity. Children, you don't know that you have souls! You have forgotten this... I am reminding you of this at this time. I do not call you to empty faith, I call you to live by faith. I call on you to look within yourselves, to quiet your senses in order to fill your heart, reason, mind and thoughts with the greatness and necessity of the Most Holy Trinity. Beloved children, God is the only truth, and He remains present whether you are aware of it or not. He remains present in the mystery of mind, thought, reason and in the heart. It is the familiarity you have with the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit that leaves you with the love you always have for truth and for love; in this way you are always directed toward the good. Man must know himself; he should know that the soul is something deeper than saying: 'I have a soul' and stating this without clarity, without understanding, without knowledge, allowing the devil to manage all of man's spiritual goods. When the human creature does not participate in the knowledge of God, the spiritual soul is blind and merges with what is temporal. Beloved children, desire to be spiritual and live desiring God. Immerse yourselves in the knowledge of my Son, in living in the likeness of my Son, that you may be renewed and that the mind, cleansed of all impurity, may desire God. Humanity is saturated with vices. The mind of man finds no rest. Man is immersed in lusts, man has mutated into a creature of greater carnality, where he finds pleasure and places his heart. You, my children, I call upon you to be more fond of remembering, to move away from so many distractions that keep you in constant temptation.... I call you to a greater spirituality, which you must seek within each of you, where the divinity resides. Beloved children, only when you close the door to all that comes from the worldly and live in happiness, will you know that you truly love with your understanding, guided by the wisdom that comes from the Holy Spirit. Dear children of my Immaculate Heart, the soul is immortal, do not lose eternal life. Live each moment as if it were your last. Do not take false steps, do not live with your brothers in mind to criticize them, do not look for a needle in a haystack to criticize. You must work on being more spiritual. Strengthen your faith so that you do not stumble. Be strong and firm in faith, because this is not the time for you, my children, to be lukewarm. Many of my children have been kidnapped by the devil, are possessed, and attack anything that reminds them or represents my Son and me. No one should think they know everything. Do not be of those who think they are superior. Humility gives human creation the pedigree of being children of God, a humble person knows how to be loving, merciful, forgiving, has wisdom. Humility gives the human creature what neither books, nor titles, nor experiences give, for all these things are tinged with pride, which pollutes and destroys what it has found on its way. My beloved ones, this is the moment when humanity entered suffering slowly but inevitably, heading to meet its crucible. My children, my messengers, my mystical souls who transmit the Word of God and whom my Son has entrusted to me especially at this moment, are protected by my angels. Do not make them suffer before their time, because for those who cause more pain to my instruments, there will be greater retribution and a slower march to the final meeting with my Son. Dear children, do not be proud in the face of the humble. When the humble see you powerless at the side of the road, they will give you a hand to go on. The proud, on the other hand, will grieve and be ashamed. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the entire universe is flowing with energy. Each of my children emanates good or evil, in space and time. This good or evil is in its decisive moment. At this moment, evil abounds, attracting serious dangers to the earth that are approaching from space. The earth itself is in a state of turmoil, repelling so much evil that mankind is laying upon it, there will be suffering, sorrow, terror.... Man acts against God's Will, so I call on my children to be spiritually strong, immersing themselves in the knowledge of God's work and action, so that at every moment the soul desires to be more like my Son and less like the world. Saints... Yes, I want saints! Beloved, immersion in Divine deeds and works leads you to be more spiritual, to enjoy the good, to do good and to bring good to your neighbors. Do not forget that the Eternal Father is the One who governs everything and wants what He governs to aspire to Him. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must rise so that the spirit may endure in the Divine Light. Do not let them steal your peace, love, faith, constancy. Be smart, help each other, following the same path. Watch where you are, observe what is happening around you, does it help you grow? Does it cause you to diminish? From the Father's House you receive all the good you create and the good you need, if you ask for it with humility. Children, pray for Germany, pray, this nation will suffer from the effects of evil, it will be a grieving and frightened nation. Children, pray for Hungary, nature will scourge it fiercely. Children, pray for Chile, it will shake with great force. Children, pray for each other, pestilence is spreading, accelerating on earth. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you will not be abandoned, the angelic forces remain with you. You should know that the free will of man has caused events. You yourselves will be examined. Punishment will descend upon the earth, the temperature of the entire earth will be lower, the cold will seem to penetrate the bones of your body. Understand, children, that the more spiritual the creation, the closer it is to the Holy Trinity. Do not seek power, seek unity and brotherhood. Be the love that makes my Son look toward the earth. Receive my Blessing. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived, Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived, Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 25 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, blessed is he who comes to our will seeking mercy. Blessed is he who comes to Our Will with a firm intention to change. Blessed is he who comes to Our Will with love. My beloved people, humanity is one step away from the Great Warning.... Evil has sacrificed itself to sow evil in a people devoid of Me. Mankind is laying upon itself great and grave sins that have darkened the work and action of man. The human creation has fallen so far that it no longer appears as a child of Our Will, but as a child of free will feasting with the devil. The star shining in the sky will not be delayed, illuminating those who live in darkness and those who live in light. The earth will seem to burn and everything will be consumed by flames, but you who believe in our Trinity and in the Mother of all mankind - some will know that this is a Warning, others will fall into a great panic that could lead them to perdition. My children will enter a great calm, as if they see themselves in a great mirror, a mirror of conscience. Everything will stop before the fulfillment of Our Will, even the demons will not be able to prevent this moment, everything will be paralyzed. My people, minimize suffering from your own sin.... Enter willingly into the change that will give you the opportunity to remain closer to our Trinity. Immerse yourselves in the love of the Queen of all creation, so that she may show you that inner silence is essential for one who chooses to be more of Our House and less worldly and sinful. You should be aware of the state of insanity into which humanity has fallen, taking disobedience and lack of conscience as its banner. The devil directs thousands of my children so that they enter the maze of sins and cannot get out of it. I, your Lord, see from Heaven the deeds of my children, and every deed in favor of evil and against our law and love leaves such physical contamination on earth that I see the earth covered with garbage in large quantities. How you have deformed the house you received! At this moment, man's spiritual garbage is so great that it numbs his senses. Therefore, every moment, every waking moment of humanity is infected with indisposition, and this paralyzes you, so that you are unable to force yourself to make a radical change in your life and move away from your feelings of complacency towards what you know is wrong. Humanity remains under a cloud that obscures reason, dulls the mind, hardens the heart and imprisons the will. Therefore, you do not see clearly, you cannot discern and be strong to fight evil. My people, you do not impose the strength of your Will in the face of evil to reject it, you do not turn away from what is sinful, you live, allowing all that inner power living in each of you to be stifled by the power of evil, and that inner power to be extinguished by cowardice in the fight against evil. You have not respected yourselves, you have limited yourselves mentally and spiritually, so that evil has managed to surpass you to a great extent, because of the instability in which you hold your intellect, limiting yourself to living in the past, denying yourself the opportunity to be more spiritual and less carnal. My people, you desired to remove me by all means from your life, thinking that to live in me is to live suffocating, restraining, oppressing, without freedom. Unfortunately for my people, such thinking has led you to stop in your ascent towards me and to halt the awakening of the spiritual abilities with which you have been endowed to be closer to our Will. What you continue to ignore and will continue to ignore is that by moving away from Our Will, you have moved away from the true identity of man as a child of God. My people, how I have called upon you to stop the rush of the human ego! ... And you are not listening to Me. This momentum that is ruling you at the moment will perish, and the soul will be led down the path of evil, ruled by the human ego with full use of poorly used freedom. How many of my children are living at the moment as if they condemned themselves to hell, constantly pouring the arrogance of the human ego on their brothers and sisters! How many of them, without knowing it, are denying themselves the happiness of being our children, living poisoned by human ego, jealousy and selfishness! Human ego has become so entrenched in man's thinking that man likes to think that he maintains his superiority over his brothers and sisters. Poor souls who lack my Love, who lack what it means to truly be my children! They are constantly judging their neighbor, their eyesight does not allow them to look at themselves. How deplorable for our Trinity is the state of man at this time, in which for a large part of humanity God forbids nothing! Thus, evil grows in the midst of a humanity tolerant of lack of values, where oppression is important, superiority is more important, lack of love is more important, failure to fulfill God's Law is more important. It pains me to see a sick humanity, where people's evil deeds go unpunished, and there is a reprimand on those who act in goodness. You live with impunity, valuing sin, severely offending me by this course of action. You have brought down purification on the earth, My Father's hand falls on mankind.... And the elements react in convulsions against man, who is completely indifferent to them. My people, great tracts of land will collapse, and the water that emerges will cause severe floods. Volcanoes will roar, announcing to man the proximity of their activity. You will find strange man-made creatures in the sea, created by radioactivity in the ocean waters. Pray beloved children, pray for Japan, it will be badly shaken. Pray, beloved children, pray for Chile, the lamentation will be heard along with the shaking of the earth, and water will invade the land. Pray, my children, pray for France, the pain will come again. Pray, my children, pray for England, the heart will be bitter. Pray, my children, volcanoes are ready to erupt in one country and another, quickly. My people, turn away from evil and return quickly to our Trinity.... Turn away from the stubbornness of the human ego, so that you may attain the good that is for you.... Persist without fear and prepare, even if they say you don't know what you are doing. Keep supplies in places specially prepared as my shelters. I will carry you from one place to another and protect you. Love my Mother, find in her an Advocate so that you will be endowed with our Divine Love, and let peace reign in your hearts. Do not fear, where there is a true worshipper of Our Trinity, there he will obtain protection. My people, do not fall in these moments, strengthen yourselves with our blessing. I bless you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 28 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, in every beat of my Heart my people remain present. None of you should exclude yourselves from My people, you are all My children, I need you to recognize each other as brothers and sisters. I gather my people from all over the world, so that, united in my Love, you are a force of goodness that extends throughout creation, throughout the universe. Some may ask: 'How will He gather us? In the meetings that everyone has with me, in prayers, in our meeting in the Eucharist, in meditating on my Passion, in meditating on the seven sorrows of my Mother, in meditating on the Holy Trisagion, in confession, in loving our neighbor, in loving our family, in fulfilling God's Law, in sacrifices, in obedience, in hope, in love, in faith and in being true Christians in spirit and truth. The strength of my people will remain, it will not diminish, my people are faithful and true. For this reason, I call upon my priests not to feel down in Heaven, but to be worthy of their office, at all times serving my people with humility, sharing with mankind the right to eternal Salvation. My bishops must live in humility, they should not live in palaces, with dignity, yes, but without exaggeration, they should not have luxuries, but support the poor, the needy. I grieve for those ministers who have placed themselves in the service of Freemasonry, usurping my Church and leading it down completely wrong paths. Imposing themselves at this time from within my House, they are taking advantage of this to prepare the arrival of the usurper. Woe to those who pass on my Church! They will experience the lamentation of my people and the severity of my hand; for these allies of evil, the separation of the wheat from the chaff, which I am coming to accomplish, will be a great sorrow. Ministers who call themselves faithful to me will mourn with tears of blood that they have denied me, that they have deceived and indulged in evil, misguiding my people. I do not accept covetousness, excess, wealth, arrogance, lack of love, denial of what I make clear to my people, and woe to my servants who are not devoted to my Mother! My people, in this moment of discernment you must remain in constant proximity to Our Will; otherwise I will see you deteriorate even further, as those who throw mud at each other arrive, and their insipid stench will be irresistible. Evil binds its followers, those who embrace it, those who do not oppose it, imprisons them in its clutches.... My people, do not abuse one another; let it not be the members of my Church who strike at it, who slander it when they enter into disputes with one another. Unite yourselves, do not criticize one another, but unite yourselves in my Sacred Heart and in the Heart of my most holy Mother. Let it not be my own people who stone one another because of petty envy or unjustified jealousy. No group in my Church is greater than another, all are striving for one goal, to give us back the land we left you. I come to call you to continue to share my Cross. Let each of you take up your personal Cross, so that you will not stray from this path of mine and be part, in this decadent moment, of this generation that offends me to the point of nausea, as never before. Peace is a fleeting memory for humanity, terror has engulfed various countries, spreading and taking leadership in Europe. My Church is sick, confused because of the divisions that exist; this is not good, because these are signs of the moment when my Church will experience agony and fall into schism. A ray of lightning has warned my people of what is to come, and of the strength of my people, and although they intend to destroy my people, the forces of evil will not succeed in removing me from the Heart of my people. Our Will has entrusted my Mother with the command of the legions of heaven, so that it is She who crushes the head of Satan and, as Queen of all creation, directs the spiritual battle that humanity is experiencing in these moments. Hence the importance of being connected to praying the rosary, hence the awareness of praying the rosary and the importance of every word and action performed during this offering. Do not wear a rosary around your neck if you are not aware of what it means, otherwise you offend me. You possess a weapon that the devil fears with horror and trepidation, it is the weapon of the Holy Rosary, not recited, but consciously considered. Evil will seem to triumph, but it will never prevail. At the moment, unbelief reigns, I am constantly insulted, I am despised, a great number of my children have declared themselves to be my enemies, my worst and greatest enemies, ready to serve Satan as he reprimands them, not knowing that he will send them into eternal flames once their task is done. Because my people have been taught to see my Mercy without considering our Divine Justice, at this time it frightens them that my prophet obeys me and conveys my constant warnings for you to wake up. The Holy Scriptures contain the words in the Gospels: 'I came to bring fire on the earth...'. To purify, to separate the one who fulfills My Law from the one who does not. I warn you, my Mother warned mankind, and man disregards and denies the faint state of his soul..., you are stiff-necked. My word is not given so that you perceive evil as something my children live by and continue to do evil, causing my teachings to be forgotten and suppressed. Those who are stiff-necked will not manage to change until they realize that, far from the sacraments, they are deprived of the help of grace on the path of conversion. My people, some of you are harder than others, some are determined not to listen to me, to deny me, and because of pride they continue on the road to perdition. This generation's lack of humility is Satan's weapon. You forget humility, everyone thinks they are wise, failing to see that 'whoever remains stiff-necked after many admonitions will suddenly be destroyed - without remedy. My beloved people, I come to purify this generation with fire. You have two ways, good or evil, there is no in between. Submit yourselves to my Word! Pray my children, pray for the United States, it continues its purification, the fire will appear with the terrifying roar of a great volcano. Nature and man exude pain. Pray, my children, pray for India, it will be scourged by nature. Pray my children, pray for Chile, the earth is moving from within its core, agitating the sea with force. Pray my children, Spain will suffer, Italy will suffer more pain. Pray my children, humanity has attracted purification and this has not been denied. The coastal countries will suffer, and famine will come to the great cities. Mankind with its anger is the means that stirs up evil to create crisis situations in various countries, where agitation will cause social havoc. Mankind rebels against its rulers and then comes the suffering of all with grief looking at the suffering they have caused. Man, in everything he develops, manifests rebellion against me. Argentina will suffer from chaos. Pray for Argentina, they have not heeded my Mother's warning. My people, Satan is cunning, he will seem to triumph. Do not say that you are saved by being baptized. This moment is difficult, this moment is for My true people, the one that all of creation looks to, whose elements are designed to help the faithful. The condition of man has been elevated to that of a creature who suffers because of it, causing chaos that makes the entire cosmos suffer; the universe is tottering and is bewildered by man's disobedience. Many will be rebuked, they will betray and hate each other, 'but whoever perseveres to the end will be saved. My blessing is with the one who seeks to overcome his human ego and ascend to My House. My Mercy is ready to receive you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 01 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I watch over the humanity I protect and love, for you are all my children. Man goes on his way through life, and at this moment he should stop to see himself in himself, even if he has no idea what it means to see himself in himself. In order to see himself, he must quiet his mind and heart, so that in silence the Holy Spirit may lead him to himself and so that man may perceive the Divine Presence. My Son remains with you ... You are those who do not want to entrust yourselves to my Son, because of the deception of the world, which remains in the hands of evil. Humanity has changed, it has been transformed into a machinery that moves the tentacles of evil. Every day there is a new deception with which Satan surrounds my children. Moment by moment, evil raises its possession of souls to unimaginable levels through contempt for what is right, and therefore the manifestation of goodness. At this moment, the distance between the only two paths that remain for humanity is highlighted: good or evil. One cannot call good that which is contrary to God's Law. Woe to my priests who urge the people of my Son to do wrong! Woe to my priests who love what is worldly, pursue what is worldly and set aside being shepherds of souls! My children should know that in the end evil will get the people of my Son, and that end is this very moment of this generation, which in a moment of distraction has been overrun by legions of evil, who through the tentacles of the devil have plunged them into all kinds of sins, oppressing the mind and hardening the heart to act contrary to what God has commanded it to respect. Do not wait for more signs of the times, my children, they are already being given all over the earth. Wake up! Look at them! Do not wait for the powers of Heaven to be shaken. I have mentioned to you the war that is surreptitiously advancing, the famine, the increasing natural phenomena, the persecution, and I have called on you to focus your lives on God. Be love, save souls! I see that most of my children are curious about dates and events. What does a person achieve by knowing the date, if his work and actions are not in accordance with the Divine Will? How does curiosity increase the determination to convert? Man must cultivate the soil to get good seed. My children must not live in curiosity, but in faith and in doing good deeds. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must no longer sin! Stop it! Do not allow yourselves to be blinded, do not allow your thinking to be captured by one who should not occupy the first place in the life of a true child of God. Live in peace; you have not allowed yourselves to see in the light of truth how Satan stands over you, so that peace is abolished on a personal, family, social and world level. Satan's plan, which you foolishly agree to, is to lose love. When there is less love in the world, the more legions of Satan infiltrate and create discord. Children, you must be humbled to recognize that pride leads you to see yourself first and put your brothers and sisters further down the line. It pains me to see how what you have built with spiritual and physical hard work crumbles in an instant due to lack of humility. He who is proud feeds evil. I proclaim to you the triumph of my Immaculate Heart, and for this triumph I need each of my children, those who do not offend my Son, those who do not offend their brothers and sisters, the humble, those who do not rebel against God. I love my children who offer their suffering for the Salvation of their brothers and sisters, who are attentive to their neighbor, who do not excuse sin, who listen to the Word of God, who evangelize with their testimony, who repent of their mistakes. Beloved children, I have announced to you the arrival of the Angel of Peace, who is coming to assist the people of my Son in the cruelest moment you will face. He will be peace, love, mercy, forgiveness, hope, faith for you all. The people of my Son will not be abandoned. You are in one of the moments when evil does not wait, but attacks the children of God. That is why I am among you to help you. The demon is attacking you in all your senses, it does not rest, it remains vigilant to detonate its weapons of disunity, and it pains me to see how you are so weak and fall into disunity in an instant. This is because you act on impulse, you do not think about how to react and how your action will affect your brothers and sisters. God's great children are seen in the little things. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray for Europe, which will suffer the painful scourge of terrorism. Beloved children, pray for Turkey, blood covers this land, godlessness leaves its mark. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, pray, a threat to earth is emerging from space. Beloved children, pray, Freemasonry will deal an unexpected blow to the Church of my Son, and I grieve for you, my children. Beloved children, pray for Venezuela, the pain hangs like a cloud over this people, whom I do not leave abandoned. It will be shaken. The coasts will be shaken, the waters of the seas will penetrate the land. Humanity will be surprised by the power of nature as it shakes. With the awakening immediately, nature will not delay. As soon as man sins, nature calls him back to friendship with God. Man suffers through the elements, they purify him. Volcanoes emerge with unexpected eruptions. The surface of the earth changes its color, and man continues to try to give it over to the devil. My children, a certain discovery will cause the Church and science to enter into a great conflict that will shake humanity. I call upon you to receive my Son in the Eucharist properly prepared. I urge you to pray the Rosary, meditating on every word with which you consider the life of my Son. Surrender to God's Will at every moment and entrust yourself to Michael the Archangel and his legions. Man must reflect before evil causes him to become a persecutor of his own family. I will hear the lament of a man who has disobeyed Heaven's calls. My pain has no comparison, it is strong. Children, it is the human ego that you have to manage to say 'yes' to it! Yes to good deeds and good works. Choose grace, do not fall into sin, because it leads to misery, and the human creature is not a creature for misery, but for glory. Children of my Immaculate Heart, receive my Blessing. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 05 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, you are not children without a Mother! My Mother is both the Mother of mankind and the Queen and Lady of all creation. Turn to our Mother, She extends her hand to you, so that at this time you will retain the necessary strength and not perish. My Mother is coming to give you Her maternal love, so that you, My faithful ones, may be the ones to bring the good news of My Second Coming to your brothers and sisters. My beloved people, conversion does not come by itself or with minimal effort on the part of man. Whoever desires from the heart to achieve Salvation of the soul must uproot from his life evil deeds, evil thoughts, evil desires, greed, stinginess, despair pride, impatience, opposing the truth, falsehood, evil, judging one's neighbor .... refusing to help one's neighbor, fear, coldness, bad feelings, intolerance ... competition, coveting material things, denying the growth of the spirit ... must cease to live by the free will of man, must submit their intelligence to my Will and uproot everything that is contrary to the works of mercy and the laws of God, among which are the sacraments. Man sees only his physical body, his skin with the various layers that make it up, his eyes, nose, hands and feet, without stopping to give thanks for breathing, for the joy of seeing, without thinking of others among his brothers and sisters who do not have these abilities. Man does not thank our Trinity for everything the human body performs. Man acts mechanically and thinks that in this way he can live with his spiritual organism. A big mistake! He who does not nourish his spiritual organism does not grow and reach me with the speed that all my children should achieve. In the action and work of man is embodied our work and action. In pain, my children shorten and destroy this work and action in their spiritual organism, and therefore they do not rise, but retreat, unable to live in spirit and truth, in our likeness. My beloved people, you have not been called on our part to live in sin or with sin, but to elevate your spiritual senses, which sin has subjugated in every person. Children, you must not be attached to the lowest level on the spiritual plane, but you are called to rise up and awaken the entire supernatural organism that you possess, so that it will freely strengthen the human self, so that it will be more from heaven than from earth. My people, I command you to take this call of mine seriously, to be formally and diligently aware of the reality in which you live for the sake of personal and communal well-being, or the distance you maintain from my House. Each person is the steward of his soul's destiny. You face two paths, and the decision is free, but at the same time it must be nurtured by what man may not know, which is to deny himself eternal Salvation. At this time, mankind is about to experience with greater force and power various events, among which are volcanic eruptions, which are the result of a strong reaction that manages to produce a process with volcanic substances, so that these substances come out with power. It is not through fear that man begins to love us, man loves our Trinity for the truth that is born from our Trinitarian Heart, but we ask man to stop the anger and desire for revenge, which have great negative power. Man loves our Trinity because he experiences our help, our love, our protection, when human reason does not close to our truth, which carries Divine Love manifested in every detail, not only in man himself, but in all of creation. Humanity walks in the footsteps of novelty without thinking that novelty steals its soul. The novelty of sin in its greatest manifestation makes man an unrecognizable being, as he rages against his own brothers and sisters to eliminate them. The novelty of evil, which inoculates itself on the one who accepts it, transforms him with the poison of evil, the worst thoughts, the most violent deeds and the greatest heresies in human history. My people, the novelty is aggression, it is an experience of how to serve Satan, paying homage to him until he takes possession of the human creature and penetrates it, endowing it with power and evil attributes, by which the creature thinks it has everything, ignoring the fact that thought does not belong to man, when it gives itself over to Satan, because Satan does not respect free will, but subordinates it to his evil interests, since his goal is to rule over man. Moments pass, my children perish.... And where is the command I gave to my Church to save souls? Pray children, pray for Ecuador, it will suffer in its land and its volcanoes will awaken. Pray, my children, pray for Greece, for the earth is shaking and the soil is being invaded by water. Pray, my children, the threat to humanity is approaching from the universe, you will see that it is approaching. My children will be afraid. Pray children, pray, provocation at sea will no longer be provocation, and error will unleash horror. Pray for the United States, the earth will shake with all its might. Pray for Japan, she continues to pollute humanity. My beloved people, the devil is attacking my children, he is casting charms so that they circulate through the earth like the wind and so that my children may fall victim to this sin. The earth will be saturated with plagues of evil, people possessed by the devil will roam the streets, rushing forward to kill large numbers of human beings. Evil has its sights set on families to dismember and break them apart. Unity drives evil to rage. Therefore, disunity is the triumph of evil and gradually disintegrates man so that he does not live in brotherhood. My people, united and gathered in my Body, Blood, Soul and Divinity, are enlightened by my Holy Spirit. Hence the realization that being My child is not a platitude, but the fulfillment of My Commandments, and the unshakable faith that My people are the eyes of My head. Lukewarmness is not a good companion, it is a tendency to give in to the whims of the human ego so as not to engage in fulfilling the truth. My poor children who are in lukewarmness! - Will be blotted out of my Father's mouth. My people, the love of My Heart! I come to you as a beggar of love in this moment of truth in which I speak to you, so that you will not be lost and so that you will return to the path of truth that our love emanates to humanity, a moment away from being examined by our divinity. Amen. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 12 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, everyone is part of My Cross, you are implanted in My Cross. I come to you with an explanation of My Word, at this moment in which only the foolish continue to deny that My Word is what I give to mine in these calls. Children, are you among those who fulfill my Word, among those who live our Will, or among those who believe they can serve two masters? There is no third way to attain Salvation, there is only the way of good and the way of evil, on which, if you do not repent, you will lose Salvation. When I admonish you, you rebel against me out of pride, out of stubbornness. I present to you the way you live, the evil that you accept and in which you can perish, and you harden your hearts and turn away from Me. You judge my Word with the same foolishness with which you carelessly judge my instrument that conveys this call of mine to you. You judge in advance, without thinking, and what is the difference between you and those who, carried away by momentum, condemned me to the Cross? Some of the so-called scholars of this time are, to my sorrow, the same ones who serve me and represent me, they are the ones who could have transformed so many souls if they had shared my love, if they had not confused my people with trivial assumptions, disturbing my sheepfold, distracting it so that it gives itself over to the clutches of evil at the very moment when it should be returning to me. My people do not see the talents I bestow on some of my children to warn my people, nor do they see the sufferings of those people who suffer humiliation out of love for me in fulfilling my task. My instrument does not walk alone, I still receive insults, because the word she passes on is not her own, but comes from Me. Do not forget that I did not come to bring peace, but division; for some my Truth is unpleasant when they do not engage in true conversion, love. When a person resists my Truth, he becomes hostile, not only to me, but to those who do not share his way of thinking. Be vigilant - you should not accept everything, in the end there will be many false prophets who will deceive many, and as iniquity grows more every day, the love of many will grow cold. But he who perseveres to the end will be saved. He who perseveres to the end, through insults, humiliation, abuse, insults, slander, that son or daughter who has chosen to serve me, will be saved. My people, at the moment you are living under strong pressure to act against everything that is My Law, before the lack of commitment to be pleasing to Me and to save your soul, you want to live only in what is easy and does not require effort and decisions. So much evil cannot coexist with good; evil will be eradicated, but before that my people will be purified to be worthy of our Trinity and the love of my most holy Mother. My children, by not eradicating evil in yourself, of your own accord, evil will lead you to perdition in the flames of hell. When my children give up and do not fight evil, it defeats man and man loses eternal life. Evil does not delay, it has entered my Church, throwing God's Law out of balance, creating confusion so that you rise up against one another and so that my warnings are negated. Mankind follows the tentacles of evil, especially the tentacle that works against the temple of our Holy Spirit, the body, abortion, immorality, impurity, drugs, adultery, pornography, false teaching, actions against purity, evil thoughts, premeditated killing and so on; this is in one of the tentacles of evil, and man accepts them as good, without thinking, indulging in the desires of evil and working against our Will. By pleasing the devil, mankind has entered into chaos, into upheaval, and what is around man enters into this upheaval, which is in constant motion, pulling with it what is next to it. Hence, at this moment, evil takes possession of some souls with such ease. My beloved people, it is urgent that you resist evil, that you consecrate yourselves to Our Sacred Hearts, so that you will not be overcome by evil. Pray, my children, pray for Finland, it is urgent. Pray, my children, for India, for it will suffer. Pray for Mexico, for volcanoes are rising there and the earth is experiencing strong tremors. Pray, my children, pray for Puerto Rico, its purification is imminent. Pray for the United States, gripped by panic. My people, it is necessary for each of my children to begin a period of spiritual and physical transformation. Man's physical senses must come into harmony with the spirit. You will begin with the sense of sight for one week, and every moment you will devote to purifying the sense of sight until your sight is surrendered to satisfy Our Will and the greater good of the soul. On the first day, I offer the gift of sight on this day to the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary; I offer you this gift of sight at this moment for the glory of God and for the good of souls. In every present act of my sight, give me the strength to see only that which serves the good of my soul and my brother or sister. I cry out to you blessed Mother to take me as a disciple, direct my life, and direct my path to meet your Son. Upon awakening, I offer that I have eyesight and through it I see good and evil, from this moment I offer my constant effort to make this gift more spiritual, putting the divine desire for my personal Salvation first. I propose to free my sight from the occasions of sin, seeking the Divine purpose in everything I see, finding good in every brother and sister and in every thing created by the Eternal Father. I do not want to sin any more with my sense of sight, I give it to the Sacred Heart, being Your child, so that My Lord, You may raise me from sin. I do not want my sight to stimulate me to evil thoughts, nor do I want to neglect the goodness of God that leads me to abide in the state of Grace. Sacred hearts, sustain my thinking so that it subjugates my sight, and my sight sees the goodness and merits that every person possesses, which are hidden from me in his work and actions. May I have the courage to oppose myself with strength and not allow my sight to be used for evil. I restrain my free will and surrender it immediately to the Sacred Hearts, and they thus shape my sight to turn away from human smallness. May my sight be purified in the cleansing water of love flowing from the Sacred Hearts. Amen. At noon, review the morning's efforts with Mother and note the weaknesses. Before bed, I give thanks to the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and the Blessed Virgin Mary, to whom I pray for grace for this purpose, to be a better child of God. Our Father, three Hail Mary's and Glory be to the Father. My people, our Holy Trinity will triumph and it is my Mother who will crush Satan's head. At this time, my people, conviction and determination are the dowry and more, so that you may succeed in uniting with me. I bless my children and tell you that whoever does not bear witness to my Love will receive little or nothing from me. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 15 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal blessing accompanies you as the Mother abides with her little child. I call upon you to rediscover the true mystery that lives and beats within you. This true mystery is my Son, He lives in you.... You should not look to the world for what lives in each person. Man's feelings are so innumerable and the gusts of the heart so unpredictable that the desire to change your ways becomes the overriding goal. My Son calls you to renewal, that is, to unite with Him in the fullest dimension of the Word. The human ego remains hidden in my children; one moment you choose to remain with my Son, and the next you do not.... The ego rules man to the extent that he neither makes an affirmative decision nor says 'no'; he remains lukewarm, allowing that which can move him to act and work in goodness to be moved by the circumstances of the moment and the opportunities he finds favorable. My beloved, at this moment sin has managed to turn into a habit of man. I encourage you to make grace a habit in you that is able to resist sin. Grace brings unity, overcomes man and enlightens him. Mankind is constantly surpassing the evil it previously committed. The evil that man has indulged in causes him to continue to be the perpetrator of evil, which dominates man himself, with great unkindness to his own brothers and sisters. You believe that the unthinkable acts of this moment will be unrepeatable. This is not so; this generation should be prepared to fight evil, knowing that this is the moment when the tentacles of evil arose and spread throughout the earth, capturing my children so that some physically hurt their brothers and sisters, others hurt their hearts, others hurt their senses, others deceive humanity, and still others directly fight against the Church of my Son. Evil possesses my children with great speed, given the rush to dominate the world. Those who serve evil believe what evil tells them to know, and my children do not believe that this moment is decisive, because this is denied by those who are my priests. Evil is not a fantasy ... Those who love my Son must unite and recognize each other, be rooted in God's law, and each must commit to being an advocate for the witness of my Son's love. Evil works with the poison of falsehood, falsehood is part of the action and work of man, who is unable to detect it, persisting in what is wrong and sinful. Wake up, my children! My Son bleeds at the humiliation to which His people are subjected, at the cruelty with which Christians are persecuted.... And you do not make the decision to seek conversion. Beloved children, persecution will spread, do not look away from what may come to you without you thinking about it or seeking it. The devil has seized minds, hearts, reason, thoughts, the human ego, the human intellect, human desires and everything he can seize to allow mankind to rule over it and lead it to commit the most unimaginable acts that some of my children are committing. The devil leads mankind to repeat the deeds of his evil spirits, and as a result of the spiritual irresponsibility of my children, they refuse confession, repentance, the testimony of faith, refuse to say "no!" to sin, lead a half-hearted spiritual life, without commitment, and have not realized what the Eucharist really is. Satan is not more powerful than my Son.... It is man who first succumbs to evil and gives his life to it, and then evil, which becomes a habit in man, leads him to lose his soul if he does not wake up to the damage it causes. I, as the Mother of all mankind, call upon you not to be afraid to bear witness to faith in the Trinity; do not be afraid to be my children, do not be afraid to be recognized by the love of my Son that dwells in you. The true strength of man comes from goodness, the rest is not true. The search for truth is arduous, and you will not easily find it if you are not willing to be tireless seekers of eternal goods. Children, at this moment superficial Christians are in grave danger if they do not wake up and take the helm of free will and direct it towards eternal Salvation. Humanity has become distorted, its condition is dramatic, the gravest in the history of mankind, so I constantly announce to you the purification that awaits you. Fire cleanses and sends signals to man that it will cleanse everyone. Volcanoes that seemed dormant are awakening. Fire will come from the earth, an overwhelming heat as the earth opens up in several places and throws out the heat it holds inside. The sun sends solar flares toward the earth; some will affect scientific progress and others will affect the earth, flooding the planet with heat, man will have to revert to old and ill-conceived tools and ways of survival. The earth is shaking intensely ... pray children, pray for Chile, it will suffer from a strong earthquake. Pray children, pray for Ecuador, the earth will shake. Pray children, pray for Japan, there will be contamination again, it will shake. Pray for Italy, there will be suffering again. Pray for the United States; its acceptance of evil is its own scourge; it will be shaken. Pray for North Korea; it will be the hand that wounds. I especially call on the Argentine nation to rethink its actions; violence will find no limits if not in the unity of my children. This nation will experience pain if you do not limit the agitation to which this nation is subjected. Peoples are being incited at this time so that confusion will prevail throughout the world. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you live what you have sown.... The inner state of man is reflected in what you are experiencing at this moment. Fulfill the teachings of my Son every week. Purify your senses to honor God above all things, and love your brothers and sisters as my Son loves you. My blessing is with you all, dear children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 18 2016 - Jesus Christ
My people, I bless you. You will not be abandoned by Me, at any time. Be my Self-love, be honest, be just, be merciful, be kind, be careful in your treatment of your brothers and sisters, be kind to your neighbors; good conduct is glory before me. Every person must remember what spiritual state he is in. If you have this, you will be able to take up the intention of reparation and separate yourself from the darkness, from the mistreatment of your neighbors. Some of my children look into themselves only in what corresponds to direct contact with me. My children should be a reflection of my Love. I regret that for some of my children this word is not considered in their lives. Love has been supplanted by 'I am,' ruling out the possibility of softening a stony heart, and this results in selfish and arrogant beings who do not tolerate and respect the work and actions of their neighbors, imposing themselves on their brothers and sisters. Those who act in this way become a torment to their brothers and sisters, to their environment and to themselves. Children, you should not impose on yourselves, you should be loved and not feared. In my people all need each other, all are brothers and sisters, all help each other, all are generous and keep in their memory and in their heart that their brother helped them. My children - it is important not to forget the good deeds of your brothers and sisters towards you, this is part of love. Do not let pride, which is spreading in humanity through evil spirits, weed out the humility that must dwell in you. You will find my help when you ask for it, and what was previously an affliction will become a delight if you allow my Spirit to perfect you in your weaknesses. My people, thought and memory, for some of you, have become a great obstacle to continuing your journey in true peace. You are living in the past, what has not been, and forgetting our will, longing for past situations, and this becomes a great force that holds you back. Those who long for the past will stay in the way, this obstacle of the past will hold you back and prevent you from seeing the moment and surrendering to our Will. Some people cling to the past so much that they live immersed in memories, moments of adversity they have experienced, and bitterness, resentment or anger grows repeatedly until it becomes a root that oppresses them and causes them to live in constant bitterness. Man allows the past to torment him, and evil uses this to bind you. You, my children, must surrender your mind to me and allow my Spirit to guide you and lead you to consider my promises, so that I will bring everything under our Divine dominion, and so that what torments you will not continue to be an obstacle to your submission to our Will. At this moment there are so many children who are content to watch Salvation from afar, because they feel that they do not need to attain it, but are content to watch it from afar. That is why I constantly call upon my ministers to witness my work and action, because man keeps my Word in his memory, and at this time I require you to insist on proper love, proper and appropriate obedience, necessary faith and proper guidance of my ministers, so that my people do not lose themselves in trivialities. My children must be constantly strengthened by my Word, my children must be strengthened by my Word, so that evil does not surprise them because of their failure to recognize what is mine. You cannot judge yourselves, man is not competent to do so, for he always tends to see the good in his works and deeds, or to color with good what was not good. Therefore, I am leading you to purify your senses, so that on this path you will abandon personal justifications and allow me to show you the obstacles that remain embodied in you and hinder you from coming to me. This generation commits great abominations against our Will, commits a sacrilege never before committed by a human being, humiliates my Mother, denying her virgin purity and her motherhood to all mankind. This generation constantly sins against my Holy Spirit, forgetting that the life of man hangs on our Will. It does not believe in the clarification of My Word and mocks the appeals of My Mother, denying the urgent purification of this generation before the righteous perish. Sin is the food of mankind, magnifying Satan's army on earth, the one that will attack my temples throughout the world, desiring to extinguish every memory of my presence on earth. In the face of such actions, the Warning will not be delayed, so that some of my children will return to the path of truth. I urge you to know our Divine Word, so that, knowing it, you will love our divinity intensely and in truth. What is needed is a firm, strong and resolute faith, an indissoluble faith, lived out in every moment, in every event, so that you can overcome the cruelties of evil. What is needed is a gift of self from each of my children, a decision to live in our will, an attitude of unity, brotherhood. Children, you are not of the world, do not let the world hijack you. You must live in constant expectation and in fulfillment of our Will. Do not look at what is worldly. You are not worldly, none of my children are destined for worldliness, none should live oppressed by Satan. You are My property, I have redeemed you with My Blood. Nourish yourselves with My Body in the Eucharist, properly prepared. Accompany me in the Tabernacle and strive to make your life a constant act of love within yourselves and toward your brothers and sisters. I desire households that live in my Love, in peace, in my unity. When there is no peace in homes, or it is perceived in a disharmonious way, evil spirits take over the home and cause rebellion, causing some to perceive the actions of others as evil, for someone in the home to become intolerant of the actions of other family members, and in this way small things become great destructive torments. Children, the devil attacks man, attacks unity, attacks the family, sows discord and empties the Heart of man of love, so that man does not feel the need to be a temple of my Love towards his neighbor. Satan fights against my Love, against unity, and therefore against the family, against morality, against my Mother, because he knows that my Mother, in unity with Saint Michael the Archangel and the legions of heaven, will crush him and cast him down into the depths of hell. My people, do not disregard my calls, for Satan and evil spirits scattered throughout humanity remain active, seeking victims to take. My children should not fight against My children, such fighting strengthens evil. Do not defend me, for that which is not mine falls, and that which is mine prevails; do not confuse my people any more than evil confuses them. Instead, pray and do penance. Pray children, pray for Italy, for they will have enough to suffer. Nature is rushing against Italy, they will be severely attacked by those who do not love me, they will move against the Vatican. Pray, my children, pray for France, which has lost its peace, will live with the insistence of terror. Pray, my children, for Nicaragua, it will be struck by nature, it will be shaken, it will suffer from its volcanoes. Pray for Costa Rica, it will be shaken. Pray for Venezuela, nature will be there in full force. Pray for Colombia, it will be shaken strongly. Children, continue to purify your senses. And this week, along with the purification of sight, continue the purification of the sense of hearing, because this brings what he hears to thoughts, memory and makes them sick. Hearing that I urge you not to sin, you must know that my desire is to guide you so that you purify your memory and find freedom. My people, it is necessary for each of my children to continue to purify their sense of hearing. Man's physical senses must come into harmony with the spirit. For one week you will continue to purify the sense of the ear, the sense of hearing. You will devote every moment to purifying the sense of hearing until it is surrendered to satisfy Our Will and for the greater good of the soul. On the first day of the second week, I offer the gift of hearing, on this day, to the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and the Blessed Virgin Mary. I offer you this gift of hearing at this time for the glory of God and for the good of souls. In every present act, my memory and my thought will be attentive, vigilant, so as not to accumulate what my ear hears that causes sin to stop, offending the Sacred Hearts. Give me the strength to listen only to what is for the good of my soul and my brother or sister. I cry out to you, most holy Mother, to take me as a disciple, to guide my life and that my path be directed to meet your Son. Upon awakening, I offer: I have ears and with them I hear good and evil. From now on, I offer my constant effort to make this gift more spiritual, putting the divine desire for my personal Salvation first. I propose to free my hearing from the opportunity to sin, seeking the divine purpose in everything I hear, remembering the good that each brother and sister has provided for me, and listening for the greatness of the Eternal Father in creation. I do not want to sin any more with my sense of hearing, I give it to the Sacred Heart, so that you, being your child, my Lord, raise me from sin. I do not want what I have heard to continue to cause evil thoughts, nor do I want to neglect the Goodness of God that leads me to abide in the state of Grace. Sacred Hearts, sustain my memory and my thoughts, so that my listening will lead me to keep only what is good. I suspend my free will and immediately surrender it to the Sacred Hearts, so that they free me from occasions of error, and thus shape my hearing so that it brings to my memory only that which serves the good of my soul and that I do good to my brothers and sisters. May my ears be purified in the cleansing water of love flowing from the Sacred Hearts. Amen. At noon, I analyze the morning's efforts with Mother and note the weaknesses. Before bed, I give thanks to the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and the Blessed Virgin Mary, to whom I pray for the grace to do so in order to be a better child of God. Our Father, three Hail Mary's and Glory to the Father. Children, come to me and entrust your lives to me. I bless you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 23 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive my Blessing. Humanity is my constant sorrow ... my children are my great treasure and at the same time my great pain. Some who call themselves my children do not fully fulfill the love they declare toward me, ignoring my teaching as true disciples of my Son, ready to fulfill God's Law. They continually wound my Heart, and I immediately intercede on their behalf, so that my Son does not suffer so much. True love is not known at any time, because it is surpassed by self-interest, and it should not be forgotten that self-interest is a great deception through which man sinks into chaos. Unbridled pride and immaturity lead those who say they love me as their Mother to depart from the balance that a true child of my Son should maintain. Do not forget that this is required of you as a prerequisite so that the devil will not oppress you. You are quick to forget, without thinking of the consequences for the soul, just as you forget that the devil remains vigilant to drive pride into you and lead you to refuse forgiveness between brothers, falling into a lack of spiritual kindness. You easily lose your mind due to spiritual weakness, and easily fall prey to the devil's wiles that lead you to misbehave as a child of God. The moment has come when a man who calls himself a Christian and a Marian will be unjust to his brothers and himself. Conscience will not be able to stop this evil, so undesirable, which causes injustice among the children of my Son. Reason paralyzes all knowledge when it is tainted with evil desires, bitterness, insensitivity, lack of wisdom, selfishness and lack of love. Mankind has forgotten what is the common good, failing to preserve and rejecting the personal good, towards which you should direct yourselves, in order to bear witness to the One who lives in you. It is easy for humanity to forget the good that my Son gave you. You have forgotten and will forget because you use the good you have received to do evil. Beloved children, some fall into vanity, expressing their high degree of knowledge in important areas of life; this is pure vanity, because this knowledge turns out to be empty. The human ego is a great usurper of the place that my child should occupy in man's abilities, so that they are not a hindrance, but a blessing in the service of all. Man, with intelligence devoid of the teachings of my Son, is a zero in practice, because intelligence is unable to overcome bad behavior, disordered habits that are desired by his bad behavior, reflecting a terrible lack of love, by working and acting without a proper understanding of what the effect is really caused by the power of good intention and the correct execution of what my Son commands you. The Divine Will gives me the power to be an Advocate, but humanity has decided that it does not need my Son to find perfection, ignoring the fact that man is not God. And this is all part of Satan's conspiracy against humanity, which at the moment is the mobilization of evil spirits against man. Evil is increasing, it will not stop until the appearance of the antichrist, so it attacks my children in thousands of ways and mercilessly penetrates the psyche of man, so that the one who is far from my Son, immediately loses his sanity and from a seemingly good person, becomes completely devoid of himself. For this reason, I asked you to redouble your vigilance and remain in a state of Grace.... Otherwise, whoever is not in a state of Grace is at risk of being hijacked by the forces of evil to destroy all that is My Son. Mankind moves in lies, because the king of lies is the king of mankind. You will not find order in life until you regain your friendship with the Creator. Dear children, you have lost the love of life. You lose Salvation by allowing yourselves to be separated from God, and thus you are completely deprived of what is spiritual nourishment for mankind, not because the Father abandons you, but because mankind, by separating itself from divinity, has fallen into what is most despicable, for no man is greater than God. Human power has caused love in man to degenerate, has intensified the sense of power in human creation. Human thought suffers from atrophy due to a Heart immobilized by the sense of approaching the surpassing of God, deciding life. I suffer from the pain inflicted on my Son in the face of man's destruction of man, in the face of this decisive moment when the specter of war takes on greater power in the eyes of the world, and man denies it, when you are already experiencing the Third World War, which is about to reach the world. Countries are gaining military power, and humanity is reduced to waiting and ignoring the actions of the powerful. Listen to my call, the devil and his evil spirits are spreading schisms, and given the great number of my children who do not put their trust in my Son, they are fertile soil for the propagation of evil and the oppression of souls. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are living without living moments before the great tragedy of the expansion of war and before you can see yourselves, so prayer is necessary and indispensable at this decisive moment, when the task of bringing knowledge and witness to your brothers and sisters should already be transformed into action. At this point, the effort is like one of the last steps before the finish line. You must strengthen unity and give strength to one another, knowing that my Son does not abandon His people, and that His people should be faithful to Him. Have confidence in God's promises to His people, do not be afraid. Reverse the wrongs committed, the deeds and wrong actions.... Repent, my children, repent! Pray children, pray, the sun sends its heat towards the earth and humanity will suffer. Pray, my children, pray, mankind has focused its life on the god of money; the economy is collapsing again, and man despairs for lack of faith in divine help. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico, it will be badly shaken, volcanoes will speak to a man overwhelmed with anger by social protests. Pray, my children, pray, the sea is agitated and pushing against the land, which will be shaken hard. Pray children, bewildered humanity will immediately see the disaster that will shake the world. Then it will forget that it has suffered. Pray children, pray, do not forget to pray for each other, pray tirelessly in prayer chains, pray, do not repeat what you say by heart, pray with your heart, living every word. I remain with you, interceding for repentant sinners and blessing those who are suffering. Pray, mighty nations have accepted evil as their master and are acting against My children. Uprisings among nations are emerging like a contagious plague. The United States is suffering greatly; it will have to cease its ways of acting by force through pain. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, not everything is pain and suffering; the moment man sees in everything that befalls him the hand of my Son, who prepares you and loves you, who purifies you and loves you, who warns you and does not abandon you, who out of love accompanies you in suffering and does not want anyone to perish, you will love my Son above all things, and your neighbor as yourself. The legions of angels are with mankind, whenever any creature cries out, he is immediately helped. My children are helped so that they do not fall prey to evil; some accept this help, others despise it. You who wish to keep the faith, I implore you as a Mother not to despise the help that the Father's House sends you by various means. Open your spiritual eyes to see the miracles that are constantly happening before your eyes. My Son remains alive and pulsates ... To those children who offend our Sacred Hearts, I offer my arms and my intercession, if you repent, confess and embrace the goal of improvement. Do not be afraid, I remain with you. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 25 2016 - Jesus Christ
My people, I bless you every moment, and hidden in my blessing is my desire for all of you to become part of my people. I encourage you to be part of My people, I encourage you all. I desire the Salvation of all my children. I call you one by one, I did not come for the elite, but for all who fulfill our Divine Will. In my people there is no one who contains all my Word and all my Truth, there is no one greater than another who does not fulfill the Divine Will in all its splendor. As a hand has five fingers, so in my people some have gifts and virtues to support one another, but there is no one who knows everything like our Divinity. I urge you to abide in obedience, in unity and in doing our Divine Will. You are not slaves of the world, but my children, so I call on you to remain vigilant and to pray constantly, because you are facing the rule of evil over the majority of people in power and over the future of humanity on earth. I come for those people who are not afraid to leave their evil lives behind to become new people.... I come for those who, in their search for a new humanity, decide to witness my work and action, not superficially, but by entering deeply into the knowledge of my life, to be people who discover that in order to be part of my people, they do not need the material or intellectual, but must go further, go to my teachings, which are not of this world, just as my Kingdom is not of this world. Everyone has been brought into my people by baptism, by the Holy Spirit, but it is not for this that they are saved. They find Salvation when they work, live and act in accordance with the Divine Will. Some scholars, knowing that my Love goes beyond words, continue to direct my people to remain in words, so that they do not respond in the direction of unification and the true and continuous practice of the Gospel, which a person who is more spiritual and united with me will do. You are nothing if you know the Scriptures and do not put them into practice to fulfill them at every moment. Each of my children has the opportunity to make each of their senses, gifts and virtues develop to the fullest by placing them in my Love, so that they do not contain blockages from the human 'ego', which should be more divine than human. You say that you desire to enter into my divine life .... And you will not achieve this until you bring me to live fully in you and until you bring the 'ego' to be transformed into freedom within our Divine Will. You should live the law and fulfill it to eliminate rivalry, selfishness and limitations. Mankind should learn that I speak and you should obey, because I will not give you vipers in exchange for bread, I will not give you into the hands of evil if you live and devote yourselves to fulfilling the law of love. You have a duty to be firm with your brothers and sisters, you should speak of me without hesitation, you should know that in order to be part of my people, you should observe the Commandments, the Sacraments and practice Divine Love, without which everything you undertake will bear the seal of the human ego, and not the seal of our Divine Will. You have gone through moments on the path of purification of the two senses, so that they will be guided towards my Love, and not towards the desires of human whim, governed by the superiority of the 'ego'. If you are fulfilling this request of mine, you will have noticed that you are in an internal struggle and nothing from the outside will make you change. My people don't realize how entrenched they are in keeping their senses together with the human 'ego', and what evil this entrenchment is doing to you, not only limiting you in dealing with your brothers and sisters, but also limiting you in your spiritual development and in becoming more of my children and less of the world. Every sense is a blessing to those who direct it properly toward the fulfillment of the First Commandment, but those who allow sense to operate in worldly human freedom are tainted with evil, making other senses the cause of constant sin, giving free rein to everything that leads to the loss of eternal life if not quickly corrected. It is my people who constantly fuel their brothers and sisters with my Love remaining within them. My people do not remain in waiting, but go to meet them, being the yeast and salt that gives the truth of my encouragement to those who resolutely and constantly fulfill the law contained in the Holy Scriptures. Some of my children remain in the temples they have erected for me, helping with what is needed there, but they remain permeated with jealousy and antipathy, anger and gossip, conceit and giving orders, as if I had sent them to be a scale on which to weigh everything that happens. No! Whoever serves in my house is obligated to be the servant of all and remain in last place; whoever acts as the ruler of all has the most 'ego' and exposes himself. Yeast ferments and causes growth for the sake of others, not for its own sake. Some say they are close to me, but remain too far away.... Hypocrites! He who does not live the Divine Will is outside the Divine Will. Man, being my child, has the attributes to overcome the 'ego', but from within, because in man lives that spiritual organism that leads you, according to free will, to reach wholeness or to reach eternal fire. I am the light of the world, and my people must keep that light within each person, not outside of him. You, being my children, are not limited beings; what limits you is sin, which chains you to the disorders and causes of sin. Therefore, I desire that you free yourselves from the shackles of this human selfishness and surrender your senses to my Love and the care of my Mother, so that this act will help you to live as I desire. The unity of my people with my Word in fulfilling the latter is the sign that is needed for goodness to be reborn, therefore you will be purified, because humanity mired in debasement will not find the true way or true love in this state until everyone first purifies themselves. My moment is near and I do not want to find you unprepared. My children, do not live by acting and working hypocritically, do not do to your brothers and sisters what you do not want them to do to you, for even in secret you cannot do it without My presence. Do not lay up treasures on earth, for the moment has shown you that it is not for My children, but for the children of darkness, who hand over power over the earth to evil in order to inflict harm on mankind with the power that man himself gives to it. Every image of evil on earth will be demolished by my legions after my people suffer and entrust themselves to me again. Each of my children should purify themselves, knowing what is being fulfilled at this moment, without giving the impression that they have no ears or no sight. You live in darkness, and not exactly in what you know as darkness, but in the misery of human stubbornness, which causes you to see in a limited way the step forward you are taking as a great triumph. I cannot speak to you of a moment of glory for my people, when my people came to the conviction that they are fulfilling the Divine Will by going against the Scriptures, denying the Divine Omnipotence. The people live in rebellion against all that is order, and Satan works freely against the purity, morality, faithfulness and good works and deeds of my people. Do not despair, a new rainbow will shine for my people. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico, it will be purified, evil seizes souls thirsting for what they do not know and leads them to act against what represents me. Pray for Syria, my children, it will not delay, to the surprise of the world. Pray, my children, pray for my Church, it is making news and will be shaken. Pray for Costa Rica, it will suffer because of nature, the disastrous decisions of those who govern it, they will try to disrupt the peace. Pray, Central America is suffering because of nature and violence. My people, do not stand in your senses without being raised to wisdom, nor lean on your intelligence without being guided and enlightened by my Holy Spirit. I protect you, I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 02 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you, I call you to prayer, to abide in union with Me. Receive me in my Body and Blood, properly prepared, with full awareness of the need for true transformation. Do not deceive yourselves, do not torment your own condemnation. I love you, my people, I am waiting for you, repenting of your deeds and transgressions, waiting for you at every moment to press you to my Heart. My people, have faith in my protection, be in constant spiritual readiness at those moments when confusion is spreading throughout the land, on which the spirit of evil has settled, as has already been announced to you. I do not come in vain, I come to each of you who read this interpretation of my Word, so that you put it into action. I go from soul to soul, crying out that you do not depart from me and expose yourselves to the clutches of evil. Events of all kinds intensify without ceasing, you, my children, feel it constantly - my Word is not in vain. The devil, together with his legions, is advancing, seizing souls devoted to the worldly, in every state where man lives. Shamelessness is advancing in society, crimes do not stop, the slaughter of the innocent continues mercilessly. For evil there are no social differences, it permeates the peaks of society and the lowest levels of society. I urge you to remain spiritually vigilant, so that evil does not take you by surprise. My desolation finds no refuge in those who do not obey my calls. How much a person who does not heed God's calls must repent! I do not come to describe the hardness of human ignorance in any other way; it would be to deceive you, lest you wake up, return to the path to Me and repent. Not all of humanity is marching toward the abyss, but not all of humanity is crying out for my love. On the contrary, a large part of mankind is being led blindly towards the wrong paths, hiding sin in order to submit to it, being subjected and chained to an ever-increasing string of acts and works against our Will. Satan's deception is to hold you in utter contempt for obeying and fulfilling the Divine Law; Satan's deception is to keep sin escalating so that you have no time to notice the evil in which you are perishing. No spirit of evil is greater than I, but my people opened the door to the devil, and he who prowled like a roaring lion seized everything in his path without resistance from man. Humanity has opened itself to evil, with great acquiescence, destroying itself; it is moving toward self-destruction. O my people! What have you done? I look for you and see you scattered, and how all scattered you are rushing further into the abyss. I look at my people - decadent, chained to what is evil, and my heart aches. You do not respect my House, you insult me, you desecrate and destroy the images that evoke our Trinity, you destroy what reminds you of my Mother and you mock goodness. Can a nation like the one of this moment call itself faithful and true? ... Can such a nation accept only my love, without me making you remember the evil you commit with joy? ... My people, the mistakes of mankind are beyond compare. Some of my chosen ones have deviated from the path to which I have called them. Therefore, they cannot demand of my people what they themselves do not give them as an example of Salvation. You want to silence me, and you will not succeed, my people will continue to be admonished by me to recognize evil, to recognize the evil of those who, belonging to sects contrary to our Divine Will, keep them in erroneous notions by means of speeches that confuse them, becoming - without my children noticing it - an existing force that controls them at will, so that they succumb to error and get out of my way, sowing enmity between my children and me. Be seekers of truth, do not rush into novelty without seeking the meaning of what they present to you. The novelty of the symbols with which you are inundated has a twofold purpose: first, to get you accustomed to wearing symbols on your bodies, and second, to make you consider them part of the normal means of expression, gestures and signals with which those who belong to Freemasonry, the illuminati and other sects that work against my Divine Will identify themselves. My children need to awaken, come out of the world of the dead and enter the world of full life in my Will. I want you to continue to purify your senses for the rest of your lives. Root out the evil that clings to every sense. Limit the trappings of your emotions so that your emotions no longer have the upper hand over your senses. You have been waiting for instructions on the sense of taste; have you asked yourself how it is with the sense of taste? Because you associate it with tastes, heat or cold, but you don't stop to think that the sense of taste is not only what you associate with the mouth, but at the same time it is what we call reason, taste is at the same time the mind through which man desires good or evil. Through taste, man has become an irrational being, favoring himself in everything without the mediation of love or compassion. I commend to you this difficult task, which is not impossible to accomplish, although you must put all your efforts into it. It is easy for a person to say, 'I don't understand,' and to regard the fact that I don't understand what is being asked of me as unreasonable, not thinking that understanding comes from reason. Whoever reasons with human reason will not understand; but whoever reasons with my Holy Spirit will go from human reason to reason enlightened by my Spirit. These are two different aspects, and the results of both are too far apart; I want you to find the truth within yourself. Act sincerely, be pure of heart, transparent. Do not seek human greatness. Although reason leads you to believe that you are great, look at yourselves as the least of these, look within to recognize the smallness within you. My people struggle against the worldly, so they know that they should not seek places and positions of honor, nor be recognized as outstanding except in humility. Everyone should realize the need to know me in spirit and in truth, that is, in the light of my Spirit and not of human reason, so that you do not become victims of absurdity, as some claim to know me and fall into serious errors. Therefore, I call upon you to dedicate yourselves to removing from your mind, thoughts and reason everything that distances you from My way. You will not be able to move forward if you accept everything that comes your way. It is necessary to control the appetites of taste with regard to food. Food is ruled by big industries that do not respect the human body, flooding it with toxins so that you get sick. Reason has not been trained by you, it is tainted to the core. Prejudices come and go at will because you reason in human fashion. Do not despise your brother; the one you consider most inept may be the one who is most full of me. Pray, my people, remaining always united with me. The work and action of my children must testify to my presence. The sea is rising, its waves will be bigger than usual. At this time, the sun is not man's ally; on the contrary, the earth will receive a solar emanation that man does not expect. My people should bend their knees. The advanced generation will again become a people of primitive science. Pray my children, pray for the United States, it is badly shaken. Terrorism is raging against this nation, paralyzing its normal operations. Pray my children, pray for Canada, entrenched evil is rising, causing horror and pain. Pray my children, pray for Central America, the earth is shaking. The arm of communism operating and active in small countries will be unmasked, providing weapons to those who are suffering from hunger. Pray, my children, pray, there is talk of peace, and it will be violated and there will be more conflict. Pray, my children, pray that the earth will continue to open up and man will not give it meaning. The disease progresses without stopping, science finds no cure. My beloved people, continue to purify the sense of taste. Do not forget that taste refers not only to what enters through a person's mouth, but also to what enters the mind, reason and thought. On the first day of the third week, I offer the gift of taste, on this day, to the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary. I offer you this gift of taste at this time for the glory of God and for the good of souls. In every present action, my mind, memory and thought will remain attentive, vigilant not to hoard what the sense of taste desires, which leads to sin, offending the Sacred Hearts. Give me the strength to free the sense of taste and make it work for the good of my soul and my brother. I cry out to you, blessed Mother, to take me as your disciple, to guide my life, and let my path be directed to meet your Son. For my awakening, I offer that I have reason and thought, that I understand good and evil. From now on, I offer my constant effort to make this gift more spiritual, prioritizing the divine desire for my personal Salvation. I intend to free my reason and my appetite from occasions of sin, seeking God's purpose in all things, remembering only the good that each of my brothers has given me, and in creation the greatness of the Eternal Father. I do not want to sin any more with my sense of taste, I give it to the Sacred Heart, so that you, being your child, my Lord, raise me from sin. I do not want what I am to continue to cause evil thoughts, nor do I want to reject the Divine blessings that lead me to remain in a state of Grace. Sacred Hearts, be the nourishers of my mind, memory and thinking, so that my reason will lead me to preserve only the good. I restrain my free will, subjugate it to myself immediately and surrender it to the Sacred Hearts to free me from occasions of error and thus shape this sense so that it brings to my mind only that which serves the good of my soul and so that I do good to my brothers and sisters. This sense of taste craves the cleansing water of love that comes from the Sacred Hearts, Amen. At noon, with our Mother, I review the morning's efforts and note the weaknesses. Before bed, I give thanks to the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and the Virgin Mary, to whom I pray to help me with this intention to be a better child of God. Our Father, three Hail Marys and Glory Be. Children, come to me and entrust your lives to me. I bless you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 07 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal love awaits the call of my children to come hastily. I desire that you draw closer to my Son by being those who do God's will and obey God's Law in every moment of your life. I constantly watch over you to protect you, because by continuing to live amidst the turmoil of the world and unaware of the depth of God's Word, you become easy prey for those who serve evil. My beloved St. Michael the Archangel, St. Gabriel and St. Raphael, together with the legions of heaven, have taken it upon themselves, as never before, to protect those who allow this to happen, being the defense, protection and light of my Son's people. This generation is called upon to remain attentive and look at reality with clarity, as it constantly faces the unexpected reactions of the man of the moment. Children, you are constantly attacked by the darkness that accompanies demons, be attentive to act when impatience overwhelms you. Impatience leads to anger, and anger clouds your thinking. It is at this point that evil penetrates the mind, seizes it and destroys it, enslaving man so that he offends my Son through monstrous sin. It is a great work of creation to watch man carefully as he rebels against his Creator, seeing how man keeps committing one sin after another, one transgression after another, without tiring. As children of the Father, you possess great gifts that you keep dormant. The Holy Spirit pours out His gifts on each of you, so that man at all times works and acts rightly in obedience and love. My Son's people have embraced spiritual lukewarmness, taking actions that bring them closer to the darkness in which evil moves, rejoicing in the destruction of man at this time. Some of my children seem to have been strengthened, putting into practice negative attitudes that are contrary to personal and common good. They do not stop to measure the great misery into which they plunge the souls of those who act in constant rebellion, performing deplorable acts against what my Son represents. The Cross - the sign of God's Love, the sign of Salvation, the sign of redemption - is treated with contempt amidst the insults hurled at it by proponents of evil and some Christians disguised in sheep's clothing. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, a moment passes in the midst of incessant uprisings in various countries, before human agitation, generating anger, chaos and protests for what man desires, without realizing the spiritual damage he is doing to himself. Humanity has stagnated in its stubbornness not to accept my calls, denying them and minimizing the power with which nature works, trying to distort what I announce to you. The devil has invaded the earth to turn man against God. Allies of evil have achieved that the antichrist: since ancient times he has been manipulating mankind, instilling evil in the minds of people. The antichrist has launched his reign without revealing himself publicly, amplifying the harmful acts of this generation, which will be remembered as the perpetrators of its own misfortune. Man will come to use what he has created with his own hands to ensure his own advantage in war. I see some people waiting for the war to begin, while it is already destroying everything in its path, surreptitiously introducing the use of nuclear weapons, the product of the devil's actions in misused science. This generation will suffer to the highest degree at the hands of those who raise the antichrist against the people of my Son, as a result of the sustained action of Freemasonry, illuminati, communism, rebellion, falsehood, lack of faith and satanism, which have infiltrated the Church of my Son, provoking the tentacles of evil to become ruthlessly active against all mankind. Fire is the great purifier of humanity at this time. I am shedding my tears all over the earth in various places, calling you to repentance, so that you do not suffer what is not the Will of God. The fire of the volcanoes is pouring out, my children see and will see, stunned, the power of nature, but they will soon forget. Man does not recognize his need for Divine Assistance. In the midst of the most unexpected upheavals, you will continue to give in to evil in all its forms, making the earth regret keeping such a perverse generation on it. You take God's mercy as a shield to act in evil.... You proclaim God's mercy to defend evil deeds.... You proclaim God's love and God's forgiveness to cover the sins of mankind.... Children, what place have you given to that which is just? Where is Divine Justice for you? You have rejected Divine Justice to past generations, so that you continue to err in free will, directed to magnify sin everywhere. Were not Sodom and Gomorrah destroyed for their wickedness? Evil is an uncontrollable scourge, out of which grow the most terrible sins with which mankind subjects itself to condemnation. Children, you are being deceived, seriously deceived by the great world organizations that were created to help you. Humanity has been taken to experiment with various foods, medicines and clothes containing substances harmful to the human body. For this reason, we asked you earlier to be careful with food, especially since there is such toxicity in some foods that the human body reacts with diseases that cause death. There is an instruction in world organizations to exterminate a large part of the world's population. For you this is contradictory, but not for those who live under the orders of the antichrist, whom they constantly serve. The single-mindedness of those who meet the needs of this generation through food, medicine, clothing, technological devices and so on. It is designed to condition you to be attuned to the creation of one government that will rule the world under one currency and the establishment of one religion. This one religion will eliminate the religion that my Son established. The Eucharist will be forbidden, devotion to me will be punishable by death, the people of my Son will be persecuted, and my Son will be crucified anew.... Dear children, it is necessary that you do not forget the perverse plan of evil to destroy my Son's people; may you desire the Will of God. The Father's House does not underestimate the efforts of its children to remain faithful, their integrity as children of the Creator, their constant efforts so that temptation does not overcome them. God's help is infinite, just as God's Love for His faithful is infinite. The Angel of Peace will come to restore the unity of God's children who find themselves scattered, reminding my Son's people of the true value of the Eucharist as strength and food, unity and love, not only for the body but also for the mind of man, the food of eternal life, which does not end when consumed, but continues if the creation remains in the right state. Pray, my children, pray for Jamaica, which is suffering from the constant attacks of nature. Pray, my children, pray for the United States, adherence to evil causes its purification, the earth shakes, disease spreads quickly. Pray children, pray, Japan is a scourge to humanity. Pray children, pray, Chile is shaking hard. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the path to my Son is not strewn with thorns if love for eternal life is rooted in you. When man does not look to himself, hope in God does not easily extinguish, because the Heart of the child of God rises to him. Do not fall, do not be afraid, trust in God, His Love and be givers of good. Do not put off conversion. Be witnesses of the gift of self and the union of my Son with each of you. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 11 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son constantly watches over this humanity and blesses those who remain faithful.... my Son blesses those who have gone astray and repent of their evil deeds and actions.... my Son blesses those who still stray, so that they renew their path and keep it, united to the Will of God.... my Son sorrows for His children who do not love Him and do not want to approach Him .... Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, how lost this generation is! You are not afraid to offend my Son, protecting yourselves from His Mercy and ignoring the fact that if you do not repent, God's Mercy is bound and cannot help you. God's Mercy is open to all His people.... I intercede for everyone, but it is necessary for a person to recognize his mistake, repent for it and want to correct it. I give you my hand to guide you on the path of goodness; may you decide to accept my hand. I assure you that all your efforts will be taken into consideration. Children, once again I encourage you to work zealously for the Kingdom of God, be faithful, put aside worldly life, the true children of my Son cannot serve two masters, they cannot live in what is worldly and polluted and live against sin. Do not constantly expose yourselves to temptation, it is dangerous, evil remains vigilant to lead you to fall. Beloved children, evil weakens man, attacks his senses. You live in the midst of confusion; the Church of my Son has been divided, giving way to modernism and gradually moving away from the obedience of holiness to which the people of my Son are called. Morality in my Son's Church is melting like wax in a fire and can be violated at will. As a Mother, I suffer as I see my children soiling themselves in the mud of every state of impurity. My children have allowed their thoughts to atrophy in order to commit impure acts without guilt or remorse. This generation takes God's Law and breaks it, creating laws for their convenience, gravely offending My Son. Beloved children, do you not see that the deeds that lead you to spiritual death are those that are hidden so that your conscience does not lead you to repentance. Children, some of you belong to various groups in the Church of My Son and go to daily prayer. You do this in order to silence your conscience for not living correctly in accordance with the life you profess. These works, these actions, these prayers are dead, misguided and fruitless works, because they are intended to distract the conscience so that it does not discover the stench that covers the lives of those who act wrongly. My beloved ones, at this moment confusion is gripping many of My children who are being led down the wrong path. The persecution of my children increases when man distances himself from my Son and forgets Him to take the devil as his God. Humanity descends into that which is satanic and dark; the devil takes them in, providing them with all kinds of debauchery, so that they take refuge in greed, in impurity, in immorality, and thus become allies of evil, allowing demons to rule over them. When human beings allow evil to dominate them, evil takes them and gives them what they need to infect people through deception. O unrecognized generation, how much sorrow you are causing my Son! Social upheaval will continue, the economy is collapsing, and man is rising against man. Differences between social classes are the cause of great upheaval; struggles will not delay coming for this reason, overpopulation warns of great economic changes that will lead society to lose its calm in every way; fear is constantly breathed in the face of violence and terrorism. A person will feel a stranger in his own homeland ... The elderly are disregarded in their own land ... Women are terrified in their own homes ... One who has been invited inside will become a homeowner in a few moments ... The youth who have been welcomed in some countries will rise up among the adults, taking what does not belong to them and using violence against those who are faithful to my Son ... Temples will cease to be houses of prayer and adoration, and will become places to be feared by my children in the face of the violence that is rising all the time due to the rising tide of Satan worshippers. My priests who are faithful to my Son will be scourged for wearing the habit; death will constantly surround them for not giving in to the threats of those who join the hordes of evil. Beloved children, famine will reign on earth, the climate will change everywhere until crops wither due to heat, rain and plagues; famine will become widespread due to the proximity of the great comet, which will come closer and closer to earth. Nations with great wealth will fall into poverty. The proximity of the great comet will cause some coastal cities to be flooded in ways never before seen. Misery will take its place among humanity. You have forgotten all that I warned you about. The great nation in which my children of all places live will suffer greatly, the ocean will rise above it and silence the turmoil and stop actions contrary to the Divine Will. My children, pray for England, pestilence is at the gates, her earth will shake. My children, pray for China, they will suffer, their land will shake. They will pour out pain on humanity. My children, pray, children, pray for Italy, she will be shaken, terror is gaining strength. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son holds you in His lap. Evil is on the rise, but my Son's love for His people is infinite and legions of angels come quickly to protect the person who asks for their protection. Do not reject the divine refuge, detach yourself from what causes your downfall and reach out to this Mother who loves you. My children have never been abandoned by Me, at every moment, no matter how bloody, this Mother has protected and defended you when evil approaches to defeat you. Do not turn away from the food of the Eucharist, each of you is a temple of the Holy Spirit and is therefore protected by the angelic legions, so stay on the right path that leads you to the Salvation of the soul. At this time, I strongly urge you to abide in God's law, so that you do not stray into the wrong paths. Be faithful to the word of my Son contained in the Holy Scriptures and pay attention to the explanations revealed in these exhortations. You are the people of my Son, and I will not abandon you. The crueler the moment, the greater will be My protection over you. Do not be afraid, children, God's Love softens difficult moments and gives you spiritual strength that God's people have never received before. Do not be afraid, this Mother loves you. I urge you to enter the Sacred Heart of my Son and my Immaculate Heart. Persevere, do not falter in faith, keep your trust in my Son. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 18 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Son's love for humanity causes me to protect you and intercede for each of you. I bless you abundantly, I bless you to strengthen you in these moments when humanity is mired in indifference to love and God's Law. My children, be attentive and attentive to the word explained in this revelation of love, mercy, justice and truth, with which the House of the Father calls all of humanity, showing step by step the events and major changes in nature, social changes, political changes, changes in morals and spiritual changes that this generation is facing and will face before the establishment of the reign of the Antichrist: who has in his retinue the leaders of the great powers and all kinds of organizations associated with man. Children of my Immaculate Heart, the suffering of my children is intensifying before the nearness of the public appearance of the antichrist: who needs uncertainty and human confusion through war in order to appear as the great savior of mankind. Because of the constant and widespread persecution of my Son's people throughout the earth, I have called upon you to strengthen your union with the Most Holy Trinity, so that, being one with the Will of God, you will not be easy prey for evil. Beloved children, the pain is not over, but as when a woman is about to give birth, so now that time is shortening and evil is approaching man, the purification of my Son's people will increase. The devil knows well human weakness and knows that in what is worldly, he tempts my children with great ease. I encourage you to turn away from what is worldly, to overcome the world, to turn away from what leads you to stain yourselves with immorality, immodesty, offenses against the Commandments and Sacraments and against human nature. My beloved, be vigilant, weaken the devil by overcoming what leads you to persist in sin. Know my Son, so that you do not take the devil for your God. At the present time, a large part of humanity has been controlled by the devil. I see my children given over to evil and possessed by evil, acting with anger, violence and arrogance, acting against the Holy Trinity, blaspheming, committing acts of impurity and sacrilege, for which my Son poured out his precious blood, and therefore the passion of my Son is still relevant in these times. Children, overcome the human ego! The human will, controlled by what is contradictory and evil, has led this generation to desire what is sinful, awakening in man, from an early age, the power of 'ego' and imposing its own rules according to the whim of each of you. God's children immersed in this chaos at this time, when the devil and his legions continue to overthrow the greatest number of souls. You cannot live in spiritual lukewarmness, because he who is lukewarm will be spewed out of God's mouth. At this time, you must hold to what is good in the eyes of God and hold to the Law of God, not the lukewarm interpretations that some of my children give about what is the Law of God, which cause man to lose eternal life, denying God's justice, denying the existence of hell, denying the purification of sinful humanity. My Son is Merciful to the one who seeks mercy and makes a firm intention to change his ways. My Son is Merciful to the one who repents for having offended Him, but what is necessary is that act of humility on the part of man in which he recognizes that God is God and man is man. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the sun will no longer be man's ally; in the sun, agitation will be accelerated, and the heat it emits will cause the destruction of man's technological achievements. What man has achieved through technology will be reduced to nothing, and thus man will have to humbly return to a time when he did not influence and distort the elements so as to cause evil, as at the present time. Man gives names to changes in nature, such as 'climate change'. God created everything good with the work of his hands; man, with his hands, destroyed the entire creation and changed it to such an extent that he lost control of what he changed twice, causing irreversible changes for humanity, which will come back against man himself. Humanity has chosen its own future, and refuses to heed the calls of the Father's House. Reason is clouded in man and the 'ego' is leading mankind towards the abyss, like water pulls a leaf from a tree. My requests have not been heard. I came to intervene in the history of this generation by the Will of God, as the Mother of all people. My words were cries in fear of this moment and those to come, with the maternal hope that they would be heard, so that the purification of my Son's people would not be so harsh. My petitions unheard, my entreaties unfulfilled and unheeded by the hierarchy of my Son's Church, which denies that it leads this humanity to purification by creation and by the hand of man himself, who, for lack of love of neighbor, becomes the executioner of his own race. Beloved, sins against the Holy Spirit abound.... You have forgotten the severity for the man who sins against the Holy Spirit! You must be responsible for the deeds and actions of each of you.... you must be generators of good and immerse yourselves in the Holy Scriptures so that you know God's will.... Don't be satisfied with what you can do, enter into the truth of God's Word and grow, mature, so that you can live according to God's Law and find favor in God's eyes. Children, humanity is at a critical point. This moment keeps man in two states, those who engage in goodness and recognize my Son and recognize Him as God, rising in the midst of the falls, will receive the strength to remain in the holy remnant .... Those who deny my Son and surrender freely to the devil will be the cause of their own damnation. The present moment has two ways, spiritual growth or withdrawal from God's Presence. God's mercy does not close with the year of mercy, but will remain open to all who come in repentance before God, only that the free approach to seek an encounter with their Lord and their God must come from man. Beloved children, the Angel of Peace looks upon you with love, and will come to comfort those who are in tribulation and give strength to the faithful not to shrink back in faith. The people of my Son will see hope again with the arrival of the envoy, the Angel of Peace, in the midst of the siege of evil and the persecution of my children. As Mother of Humanity, I come to crush the head of the devil and his hosts. My beloved Angel of Peace is a force for my Son's people and will not be confused with the antichrist. My children, be truthful, do not be deceived, do not lie to one another, do not be false, always be enlightened, do not be deceived. The deceiver of man uses his tentacles to dominate all of mankind, and you children continue to deny the change you are in, the change with which nature persists and responds. Man is not recognized by creation, creation is afraid of man, who with his hand has destroyed what God has left him. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, all over the earth the forces of nature are doubling. The water is gaining strength and penetrating the earth, the contaminated wind is carrying the plague. Do not be afraid, I am with you. Beloved children, pray for Denmark, she will suffer, her earth is shaking. The wailing will not cease. Beloved children, pray for Spain, death at the hands of terror will not be delayed. The water comes and penetrates the earth. Beloved children, pray for Australia, the plague is advancing silently. Pray children, pray for Italy, it will be scourged without the need for foreigners to enter. The roar of this land comes out with great power through its volcanoes. Pray; Etna and Vesuvius cause pain. Beloved, pray for the Church of my Son, confusion divides. Pray for the suffering of the United States should not diminish. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not cease to work and act according to the Law of God, do not be easily fooled by worldly things. Do not forget the word of my Son or the explanation of this revelation. Do not forget that you are loved by my Son, do not forget that my Son is 'the Way, the Truth and the Life', do not turn away from Him. My Son speaks to each person individually, and you do not listen to Him, do not look to Him because of the confusion in which you live. The Divine Presence is hidden in every moment, so that every moment should be lived on the right path. My Son reveals the Divine Will to all of you, so that you do not choose the wrong paths. Be shrewd, live each moment on the right path, do not let yourselves be separated from my Son, be beings of peace, love your brothers and sisters, be carriers of the Divine Word. Do not give evil for evil, be those who teach with the testimony of Divine Love. Whoever calls himself a Christian at this time must be one in the fullness that this title carries. I bless you, I enlighten the path of my children. I am warmth when you are cold ... I am the refreshing breeze when the sun is suffocating .... I am the rain that makes the seeds sprout ... I am the word that instructs, love, the gate of Heaven .... So I call you again and again, the door is open, come, my children, enter to enjoy eternal goodness. Do not be afraid children, be united; in this way you are a strong wall, unbreakable. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 23 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, you are my beloved people whom I love with all my heart. I call upon you to abide in prayer, to be messengers of My Love, to work and act according to My Will. Do not be afraid, 'I am who I am.' I call you to live in my Love, to be faithful to my Word and to live away from what is worldly. This moment is precious, do not waste it on trivialities, be prudent and merciful. Renew your consecration to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother, so that you do not forget that you are Her children. Live in the conviction that my Mother intercedes for you, and each Hail Mary recited with awareness is a great blessing you receive, not only for the one who prays, but also for his brothers and sisters. Evil fears the one who prays with true consciousness and in union with My Mother, offers and loves, loves and offers. The sound produced by the Holy Rosary shakes evil and makes it flee quickly, if the creature is properly prepared, has confessed the sins it has committed, and has offered a definite change in its path to turn away from that which separates it from Me. My beloved people, be vigilant, do not be lukewarm and do not look approvingly at what is seemingly good; discern what comes into your hands, for evil lurks like a roaring lion, with great cunning, to taunt those who are Mine, leading them along paths that are not My Will. How much progress is made by those who try to direct their senses to the path of the spirit! Children, he who does not live by the spirit walks with greater difficulty, for he fights against everything, puts up a fight, not distinguishing between what is good and what is evil. My people, you toil to fulfill all the desires of the 'ego', right or wrong, and this leads you to fall into vices without being able to control yourself, and the vices cause you to fall into an increasingly steep and difficult path. You want to escape the distractions of the world without the vagaries of the human ego disappearing, vagaries that you hide, knowing that you are doing yourself great spiritual harm by lying to yourself. Children, rise at this decisive moment, constantly exercising your physical and spiritual senses, so that will and human desire strive to live in my Will. You should be aware that life in my Will is not an accident, but a necessity, without which you will not be stable human beings. My children are constantly distanced from all that leads them to bear witness to faith in Me. There is a distraction everywhere that anesthetizes the human Heart, so that it hardens and humanity fights for individuality rather than fraternity, thus emitting the poison of man's indifference to his brothers and sisters. My beloved, no man owns my Word; on the contrary, when my Word comes to man, the latter must listen on his knees and with deep awareness, discerning every word in order to fully understand my message. At this time, the action of evil is gaining strength because of the proximity of this, as you well know. In the pulpits I need strength in preaching, so that the understanding of my people will not be shallow, but will expand and open to the truth of spiritual realities that they know little about, ignore or deny, to the existence of sin, to my Second Coming, to the existence of the devil, to the Warning and to what my Mother has announced to you. Mankind has allowed evil to take possession of it, and evil, finding human freedom willing to accept it, has poured out hatred, indifference, greed, ignorance, wickedness and stupidity to make mankind into a collective that ignores the truth and is therefore completely stubborn. The fool in his foolishness becomes the defender of his own foolishness, and without wisdom he does not see and distinguish between evil and good, and the contradictions of humanity keep him in total darkness, being an obstacle to himself and his own. You don't have to seek my Kingdom in this world, but yes, you must live, work and act according to the Divine Law. At the moment there is hatred in my people, and with it anger is growing, turning into an obsession that leads to self-destruction. I suffer from ingratitude, from a proud man who destroys the lives of his brothers and sisters. I suffer from the lament of the innocent, who suffer physical and spiritual starvation due to the lack of solid preparation to fight evil. You cannot serve two masters - always, you must call evil, evil, and good, good. Do not pretend to distort what is correct by allowing it, my Word is one. You have not valued creation, you have not kept due respect for it, you have not loved it as an expression of Divine Love for man. The beauty of creation has been replaced by the cruelty of man, who destroys beyond measure everything at his disposal. Man does not seek, but wants to find everything immediately; he devotes neither his thinking nor his senses to searching for what does not fall into his hands. My children have become conformists; they take what comes to them and accept it as truth. Impatience is the main characteristic of those who are far from me. Dominated by impatience, mankind is fragile and falls into all the vices that open the gates to evil, pouring on the earth the product of the lack of love that dwells in those who have strayed from the path and surrendered involuntarily to all iniquity. Creation, according to our Divine Will, suffers from the spiritual deafness of humanity. The lack of love pours out on the creation, which, trembling, is bathed in my own blood. This is the madness in which evil has enraged man, and man accepts, rising up against all that is divine, as a sign of rebellion and acceptance of that which is opposed to good. Man, detached from good, attracts evil, and the consequences of this are tragic for mankind. Indifference to man on the part of creation is inevitable, which is why natural disasters are increasing, and with them the pain of my children. This is the moment when the earth, oppressed by man's sin, is badly shaken; the waters are agitated, fire advances inexorably, the air, taking forms that intimidate man, is the cause of constant alarm. Pray, dear children, pray for Mexico, the volcanoes are causing pain amidst the upheavals of this land of my Mother, in which evil has spread in all its aspects. Pray, dear children, pray for Chile, fear arises from a land that seems empty when shaken. Pray for my children of Venezuela; in the sorrow caused by power, other interests will enter the land. My children are crying, and with them the weapons are spreading to other nearby lands, where peace is the disguise of power. Pray, my beloved, that this moment will bring pain to the man who ignored my calls and those of my Mother. From the air, the power of evil is approaching my children; deadly weapons will be spread without conscience, destroying lives. This grave offense against our Trinity is the fruit of human pride. Misused science mindlessly harms humanity. Pray for the United States, disunity is entering, causing pain to this nation. The struggle for world power intensifies amid the rise of rebellions in the world. A phenomenon unseen before appears in the sea. My beloved people, continue to purify the sense of smell, given that the physical sense of smell is the one that ensures the development of conscience in a person who does not despair, but has unfailing hope. You associate the sense of smell with the palate, and this is not correct. The spiritual sense of smell leads my children to live in the hope of Salvation, seeing the goal of the final encounter in the ecstasy of love that the human creature constantly offers to me in the struggles of each moment. My people desire what is wrong and therefore become spoiled and do not retain hope or faith in My Word. Beloved children, continue to awaken the gift of smell. With a clear conscience, steeped in hope, my people walk in obedience. On the first day of the fourth week, I offer the gift of fragrance on this day to the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and the Blessed Virgin Mary. I offer you this gift of fragrance at this time for the glory of God and for the good of souls. In every present action, my mind, my memory and my thought will be attentive, vigilant not to accumulate what the sense of smell fancies and which leads to sin, offending the Sacred Hearts. Give me the strength to free my sense of smell and make it work and act with the good of my soul and my brother in mind. I cry out to you, most holy Mother, that you take me as a disciple, direct my life and that my path be directed to meet your Son. Upon awakening, I offer myself, I have reason and thought, I understand good and evil. From now on, I offer my constant effort to make this gift more spiritual, giving priority to God's Will for my personal Salvation. I propose to free my reason and my appetite from the occasions of sin, seeking God's purpose in all things, remembering only the good that each brother and sister has provided for me, and in creation the greatness of the Eternal Father. I do not want to sin any more with my sense of smell; I give it to the Sacred Heart, so that you, being your child, my Lord, may raise me from sin. I do not want what I am to continue to cause evil thoughts, nor do I want to neglect the Divine benefits that lead me to remain in a state of Grace. Sacred Hearts, be the nourishers of my mind, my memory and my thought, so that my reason leads me to keep only what is good. I restrain my free will and surrender it immediately to the Sacred Hearts to free me from occasions of guilt, and in this way I shape this sense so that it brings to my mind only that which serves the good of my soul and that I do good to my brothers and sisters. This sense of smell thirsts for the purifying water of love that comes from the Sacred Hearts. Amen. At noon, I analyze with Mother the morning's efforts and note the weaknesses. Before bed, I give thanks to the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and the Blessed Virgin Mary, to whom I pray for the grace to do so in order to be a better child of God. Our Father, three Hail Marys and Glory Be. Children, come to me and entrust your lives to me. Do not forget, my children, that the sense of smell likes attractive smells, but not everything that appeals to the sense of smell is right. Gold glitters, but gold is not the happiness of man. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 27 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you; my maternal mantle remains over you, the faithful people of my Son. I encourage you to listen with the greatest attention to the calls of my Son, to constantly exercise your physical senses and to ensure that they are more spiritual than physical. You must understand, children of my Immaculate Heart, that in these times of such difficulty in which my Son's people are living, it is necessary to constantly mortify the human will through love, so that it understands that it must submit to the constant search to be more spiritual and to deny itself human appetites. My Son wants a faithful people, he wants children who are forgiving of their peers. Every person has a personality, but at this time you must strive to make this personality not so worldly, but move towards holiness; only in this way will you manage to persevere to the end. From various sources you hear dates, announcements, you pay attention to everything.... Instead, you should focus on spiritual growth, on efforts to leave behind everything worldly and sinful. You know very well what you should change in order to get closer and connect with the Divine Will.... you talk about mercy, and when my Son brings you a test against your neighbors, the human ego emerges. No, children, in this way you do not bear witness to what you say with your word, you must bear witness by working and acting with faith, hope and love. This practice of the senses is extremely important, because when and only when the senses move from unconscious use to being pleasing to the will of my Son, they will become less worldly and more attached to the work and action of my Son. I come to bring you living water, I come to immerse you in living water - regenerating and purifying water, water of love, devotion and obedience to what Heaven demands of you. You must be willing to be obedient, because obedience is the art of holy souls. Obedience does not mean walking in the dark, but walking in the light of the Holy Spirit using the gift of discernment. I have called you to unite with my Son, to walk the path of love, knowing and studying the word of my Son, not to walk in the dark, but enlightened by knowledge, by wisdom, and so understand that obedience to God's Will is necessary, even when you don't understand why or where.... my Son can see farther than you can see, a person can see farther if he does not use the sense of sight as a purely physical sense. Sacrifice your sense of sight to me, and then you will see what you do not see at the moment. My Son is hastening the steps of His people. You have so many blessings, so many gifts, but you keep them closed out of ignorance and sometimes out of fear. But here I come in the name of my Son, out of love for the people of my Son, out of love for you who are my children, to tell you to release these gifts, these virtues that you keep locked up, to lay them before the Holy Spirit, that He may be the one who guides you, and that in obedience to the word of my Son you may become more spiritual. Children of my Immaculate Heart, such is the degree of tribulation that is approaching you, hence the importance of being more of Heaven and less of Earth. The whole Earth will be shaken, it will turn on its axis, the waters of the seas will not let up and will rise on the land. The Earth will be shaken greatly, you will experience extremely strong moments, and only through true faith in the promises of my Son and in my protection and the help of your traveling companions and the intercession of the saints will you be able to stay on your feet. You should diligently prepare yourselves and learn, practice, gain knowledge of how to survive without advanced technology. You know that soon the star that is the sun will attack the entire earth and man's technology will be reduced to ashes. It will be chaos for man, because you are completely dependent on technology. You must study how to survive without this technology, which has made you easy prey for Satan, because it has fogged your thinking, hardened your hearts to the point that some are zombies, wandering around fully controlled by all the negative effects of science and misused technology. You have not yet recognized Satan's tentacles, which have been at work from the beginning and have risen against all souls at this moment. For you, what you consider normal leads to great sins, great insults against my Son, great and serious pain for my Immaculate Heart, and this is because you do not discern, but follow modernism. Children of my Immaculate Heart, you are closer to receiving this great act of God's mercy, which is the Warning, and for this reason my Son is hastening your steps, so that you will spiritualize your senses and unite your inner senses with your physical senses, so that you will see clearly the evil deeds. There will be moments of desolation and blessing, each person will see himself as he is, which will cause great pain. You will be examined deeply by yourselves, there will not be a single deed or work that will not be seen and examined by you. Conscience will work to the fullest, as it has never worked before in any human being. And then those who reject my Son will give themselves over to evil with greater force, and will carry out all the evil that the devil has within himself against those who, in repentance, choose to abide by my Son. Hence the urgent need for you to put the word of my Son into action, to not only repeat it, but to be aware of this word of eternal life. The greatest Act of Mercy towards man is approaching. Do not look for dates... Prepare yourselves, prepare yourselves. My children, pray for France, the suffering at the hands of terrorists will continue. Pray, pray for the United States, when it seems that peace is approaching, my children will suffer the most. Pray for India; these children, who have suffered so much, will be heavily purified. Pray for Costa Rica, children, she will be shaken. My children are intoxicated, not only by what they see, but by pride and arrogance, the cause of the great disobedience in which they live, the cause of their distancing from my Son. When man turns away from my Son, he loses his center, and evil takes all the power that man has, so that every creature that turns away from my Son becomes an instrument of persecution, pain and scourge against the children who are faithful to my Son. I ask you again to pray the Rosary, it is a great blessing for everyone who prays it. Do not recite it repetitively, but keep a full and absolute awareness of this great prayer dedicated to the life of my Son. My children, the winds will come in force and atmospheric phenomena will be unleashed that will cause unrest. These are plagues born in the hand of man. My pain is great when I see how man with his own hand prepares death for his brothers and sisters. You are souls in need of love, truth, mercy, hope, and strengthen all this with faith. As the Mother of all humanity, I bless you and call upon each of you individually to be messengers of the Word and of God's Love. I bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 01 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my maternal Heart is the Ark of Salvation; come to me, I lead you to my Son. On this day I come to Purgatory and take with me a great number of souls to the Most Holy Trinity, through the Mercy of God. Do not forget to pray for the dead; prayer is a light and a great consolation for those in Purgatory. Children of my Immaculate Heart, you do not have to be part of the chaos prevailing on earth. You possess the love of my Son, and the most precious blood of my Son is Salvation for man. My children are the source from which the gifts and virtues that each person has nurtured in his life constantly flow. The love of my Son manages to keep the water of the spring constantly moving, so that it is oxygenated. Unity keeps every drop of water in its state, so that they all receive the necessary oxygenation, as debris accumulates in the still water, its color changes, and impurities form a layer that hides the beauty of the crystalline water, and the latter takes on a stinking odor. This is the moment of spiritual warfare, and my children should oxygenate themselves with constant knowledge of the Divine Word in the Holy Scriptures. My Word brings to you the Divine Will so that you will be alert and anticipatory in the face of the constant attacks of evil. I have explained the events to you so that you may prepare and, above all, save your souls. My children should deeply learn the meaning of the Word fidelity, all that it contains for those who follow the path of my Son's love. Whoever surrenders and decides to live truly on the 'road' must be faithful in every aspect of life. But first he must be faithful to my Son and to himself, so as not to lose himself. You live in chaos in every aspect; man does not define his life, he is unstable and therefore tends to follow what comes his way and what seems interesting to him, even if it is regrettable. There is a growing drift away from values, and with it, lukewarmness multiplies very quickly. From this multiplication heretics come out of their hiding places and devote themselves to leading souls to sin in various forms. You have had time to see how the illuminati and Freemasons have gained power in the Church of My Son, polluting the true religion and being indulgent to evil. The smoke of Satan has infiltrated my Son's Church. The forms of modernism in the church are not the will of my Son, they are permissive and cause the multiplication of sin. My Son came for sinners to repent, not for sin to reign in people's lives and be a cause for celebration. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I guard you; as Mother, I do not distance myself from you, but I proclaim and condemn sin so that you do not fall into the clutches of evil. The great way that all should desire is the way of loving my Son and being His own love. My beloved ones, you must strengthen your feelings so that they do not cause you to succumb and fall into worldly weakness. You are awakening your spiritual senses, and it is necessary to make your feelings flexible, to make them work and function well, because in man's instinct is what makes him more comfortable, without the slightest effort. At the moment, my beloved ones, man has reached a great spiritual weakness and this makes you weak in the face of the challenges of daily life. You keep memories in your memory, and the feeling of that memory leads you to understand whether it satisfied you or not. You misrepresent this understanding and call it 'satisfaction'. Man desires satisfaction in everything he pursues, and you, not recognizing this, have made this desire an obsession, and not recognizing this obsession, you have jumped to frustration. My children, right now evil is stupefying my children, and they continue to be stupefied until frustration leads them to seek and find satisfaction in what is wrong and unreal. In this sea of confusion and numbness of the senses and spirit is humanity at this time. I urge you to exercise your will, guided by the thought of truth, so that the decisions you make are related to your intelligence, so that you do not live by feelings that betray you. Children, look beside you, man loses his reason with great ease due to his inability to face the vicissitudes of life. Man limits himself in discerning who he is, what he has become, what he believes in. This is what is new at the moment, man's inability to reason and to accept himself as he is, or his inability to correct himself. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, mankind is dependent on the decisions of this group of beings who have intruded into the path of man's destiny in order to falsify the truth of what is happening at this moment, and therefore they falsify the truth. Unconscious man is a victim of everything that falls into his hands, without considering whether it is good or not. My beloved ones, the earth is strongly influenced by the great asteroids moving in space, man with great ignorance, with his stubbornness in works and deeds, is attracted to these elements that move in space. The moon will find its rest, and the sun will be dimmed for a few minutes. This attraction of the earth to the elements that circulate in space is strong, as is the sin of man. The effects on the earth are visible right now and are shocking to man himself. You must understand that evil deeds do not perish the moment they are committed, but their effect continues throughout creation, igniting more people, and the battle will not only be against humans, but against demons, legions and principalities of evil. Great changes are taking place in humanity.... The upheaval will not cease until man purifies his disobedience and his stubbornness, his transgression against God, and purifies his rebellion. The force of the elements revolving in space has shortened the days, the earth's movements are accelerating because of the fragility that man has brought to the earth. Asteroids and meteorites will approach the earth. Just as you do not know yourselves, but only know what your brothers and sisters are doing, so you do not know the entire relationship that exists between the behavior of man and the behavior of the earth, and therefore nature. You, my children, should get rid of the ignorance in which you live, you should open up and not see yourselves as isolated human beings, but as an active part of humanity, whose work and action extends to all your brothers and sisters. The elements are coming dangerously close to man, desiring to awaken that man, the image and likeness of God, which they do not find in the majority. The earth continues to tremble, awakening man, who inharmoniously calls to mind the God who created him, and then forgets and attacks everything divine. The devil grows because of the human wickedness of this moment, stirring up man who, frail in spirit, easily surrenders in the face of the insistence of evil that gives no peace. Dear children, this moment is decisive for each of mine to save his soul and earn eternal life. Children, you do not overcome your inability to face daily life with its obstacles because of your weakness, because of your lack of spirituality and therefore faith. In the face of such weakness, the devil quickly makes you enter the desperation of a competitive, unforgiving world with worldliness. Children, anxiety and fear of losing one's position in society leads a person to spiritual incapacity, which hinders him from feeling the lack of participation in being a child of God. Pray children, pray, the people of my Son will be cruelly persecuted. Pray children, pray, be doers of God's Will, pray for Italy. Pray children, the geography will change, for this reason the earth is shaking with greater force in its entirety. Pray children, pray, Chile and Japan are suffering from earth tremors. Pray for France, pray for France and the United States, terrorism is planning its actions in the dark. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children should be more devoted to God, work and act for the good, this is how you help your brothers and sisters. My angelic legions are on earth in the four cardinal points. Call upon them to help you and assist you in the face of so much evil that exists. The ability of evil to deceive you requires a response; you must know about evil to avoid falling into its clutches. Children of my Immaculate Heart, you will face great challenges; receive my Son in the Eucharist, stay away from sin, discern. My Son's Church is suffering. I suffer because of how much you will suffer. My presence is before each person, my Love is still waiting to be called upon. My protection remains over each of you. I bless you, come to me, I am your Mother. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 03 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I send My peace to each of My children. You go in search of the truth, looking with veiled eyes. My Holy Spirit is in each of My children. At this moment, My Holy Spirit gives strength to My children who want to remain united to Me, so that they do not fall into what is sinful. 'I am who I am' and I do not deceive my children. My Holy Spirit continues to give life, enlighten, guide my people, especially my faithful instruments. My Word is sealed in the Holy Scriptures, but I will continue to give an explanation of My Word as 'a land flowing with milk and honey,' so that souls will not perish from ignorance. I entrust my Word to my prophet to convey it to my people as I preach it to her. I go with My people, I do not abandon them in times of distress. My Word is falsified by some of My children ... And this causes a great wound to remain in My Heart. My people, you are not an obedient generation, but rather a rebellious one, I call you, and you do not pay attention, you despise My announcements and commit great sacrileges. You try to omit the word 'Divine Righteousness', so that my own act is completely plunged into evil, while mankind has surrendered to the devil without fear of offending me. Some of my temples will be demolished, others will be closed, and perdition will remain in them. Do not forget that the great plan of the antichrist is to quickly take over mankind, and for this purpose he will unite governments, economies, education, issue decrees so that you all think alike, act alike, and society will be a mass of followers of the deceiver. Freedom will be shattered.... And religion will be unified ... my people will be forbidden to worship me, they will not be allowed to remember my most holy Mother, because the antichrist knows that my Mother will defeat evil. You will be persecuted, but they will not deprive you of eternal Salvation. I will send my angels to your aid, do not fear, trust in my help. I have called mankind to fulfill the First Commandment, I have not called you to abandon the Eucharist, nor to abandon My Mother, nor to abandon the Commandments, nor the Sacraments, nor the works and deeds that lead you to grow in My Love. You must delve into Me and know Me, so that you are not confused.... you must grow in spirit, so that you will not be victims of evil for lack of knowledge.... my people, do not be accomplices of evil, do not abandon our Divine Will, which desires 'that all people be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth', my people, remain in the state of Grace. Great events are coming to earth, some from the universe, others with the creaking of the earth or the rising of the waters, the eruptions of volcanoes and the wrath of mankind that will rise up against each other. Pray children, pray for the United States of America, chaos is coming, and with chaos my children will suffer. This land must be cleansed. Pray children, pray for Russia, the one who sleeps is awakening over humanity. Pray children, pray for China, the one that surprises humanity. Pray children, nature is escalating, this will be the suffering of the world. My beloved nation, traitors, those who spend my people will later be persecuted by their own allies. My angels announce the fulfillment of My Word. I am coming to protect my people. Do not forget, My children, that 'I am who I am'. I am the shield and strength of my people, who will sit at my table and enjoy my Word and my presence. You are not a people without a King, I see everything. Be light, warmth, food. Be a witness to my Love. My people, My eyes are constantly on you, you are My great treasure. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 06 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I keep you in My Heart. My people are constantly watched by Me. Not everything that happens is the cause of what surrounds a person, it is rather human stubbornness that does not allow My Word to penetrate a person's conscience, and in this way a person is kept in My Will, being focused on My Word, so that My Peace is experienced in each of My children in body, soul and spirit. My beloveds, the body walks a different path than the soul and spirit. Such is not the truth of living in My Will; whoever lives in such a way will not reach the fullness to be united with Me. My peace, lived deeply in the human person, is the food that keeps you in the necessary vitality, so that body, soul and spirit may be filled with the great nourishment that gives birth to my love, and thus moves and unites everything in man and beyond. The wrong relationship between body, soul and spirit has caused mankind to live in a chaos that leads it to self-destruction, and because of the indifference with which man looks to My Love and accepts My calls for him to live rightly and with dignity and to maintain peace in his life..., for this reason the spiritual chaos in which mankind lives today is reflected everywhere. My children deceive themselves, some because they surrender to the devil, others because they say that they live in constant search to meet me, but this is not the truth, it is one more deception to complete the control that the human ego exercises over each person. Whoever loves me abandons his human ego so that the divine juices come in, to keep his whole organism united, and so that every moment is the deepest gratitude that the human person raises towards our Trinity. Each of my children must learn nobility and humility so that they can transform the personal environment in which they live. You have not understood, despite my insistent exhortations, that if you do not give up your personal cravings, you, my children, will continue to be actors in the unfolding drama of your life until you manage to unite with me for one moment and understand that 'I am who I am,' and unite with me forever. You do not believe in my Word, which forewarns, foretells, condemns and, above all, loves.... You forget that pride is punished by everyone. Along the way, you encounter the effects of past pride. Some of my children suffer a great spiritual hunger, but they do not like to feed on the food I bring them, so that they grow and desire more of what is spiritual than what is of the human ego. Those who are not disposed and convinced to allow themselves to live in My Will will desert me at some point. My Will is all that man needs to find peace. My beloved people, in order to seek Me, you must first seek humility, without humility, every reaction you receive from your brothers and sisters is a discharge of high tension that your brothers and sisters cannot resist, resulting from an action you have taken, and the outburst causes serious damage on a personal level and to your brothers and sisters. Not all my children are chosen to be my messengers, just as not all my messengers are prophets, but I love all my children with an everlasting love. What is needed is humility to allow you to live my Love in a personal and communal way. At this moment, this obstacle to respecting and loving My choices causes one to be overwhelmed with jealousy and become an executioner not only of My tools, but of My Will. My people, I am speaking to you, because I will not allow you to live empty-handed, not knowing about the springs of pure water, ignoring the treasure that each person possesses for eternal life, being unaware of what I have provided for man to not only repeat my love, but to be an instrument of peace for all mankind. My people, you should understand, using your intelligence, that you should not be distracted by yourselves. The moment you tell yourselves that you know, at that moment you are most unaware of what you think you know. This is the hubris of the human ego, which you are unable to overcome. Beloved ones, you know yourselves through the body, which has abilities, without discovering the soul, without desiring to reach the spirit, you limit yourselves to living with the mind, thought and heart, so you are very human and not very spiritual. You are completely rooted in what is worldly, not allowing my Divine Light to flood you with the wisdom of my Holy Spirit, thus withholding the true knowledge that man cannot live fully unless he is united with the spirit, so that what is worldly does not pollute him. My Spirit gives man what man freely wants to receive. My people, body, soul and spirit must be one, the compatibility between them elevates the human person and transforms him so that he fulfills his true mission on earth, being fully my child. My people, in the history of mankind two forces have clashed: good and evil. At this decisive moment, it is the duty of each of my children to recognize the urgent need to be an instrument of my peace. Everyone should know me in order to love me; it is the ignorance of my Father's Infinite Love for the redemption of man that has led mankind throughout history to distort the truth and purpose of my devotion. Man has a restless spirit that has not been given the food of truth. Because of this, man's spirit has wandered into various, very erroneous currents in search of greater spirituality, in order to live more in accordance with My Will, given the pitiful instructions my children have received, and therefore to live more in spirit and less in flesh. Man has been limited, and evil has taken hold of this human desire to deform man, causing him to seek evil paths, where evil has penetrated and managed to grow to the point where you find this generation that despises Me and seeks to expel Me from the earth in order to bring it under the dominion of Satan. Beloved, each of you has spiritual strength, and this attracts Me like a magnet when you seek Me correctly. You cannot know me by intellect alone.... You cannot know me by desire alone.... You cannot know me by mind alone, nor by thought alone, nor by reason alone.... you must know that each of my children must maintain unity within themselves, so that this unity attracts me, and the magnetism of this magnet is love, obedience, humility, hope, charity and faith .... All united is the force that attracts me. My beloved people, evil has been united, my children are destroying themselves in the folly of believing that they own my Truth. Everyone interprets me as they wish. You do not love me in spirit and truth, you say you know me when you obey me minimally and with minimal effort, provided you do not violate your interests. I do not punish humanity; proud humanity punishes itself by applying the effect of misuse of free will. By giving in to the evil that dominates you, you transform yourselves into rebels against the law, creating your own law, which leads to spiritual and physical destruction. The earth has crippled man, and man is at the exact moment when forgotten and ignored prophecies are being fulfilled. At this moment I offer you the Ark of Salvation, my Mother. Seek her protection, and by her hand you will find the true way, the only way of Salvation and eternal life. My people, pray for the United States, confusion reigns there, and with it the wrath of man will be revealed in this nation. The power of evil has taken possession of the minds of My children, and they have reduced the Law of God so that free will is directed by Satan. Natural events will paralyze this nation. Pray my children, pray, Peru will be shaken, suffering, water will permeate its interior. Pray my children, pray, Chile is shaken, the high mountains show their strength. Pray my children, pray for Italy, she has gone from a daughter to denying me, she will be shaken, her territory will be divided. Pray my children, pray, my Church is shaken, my faithful will be more faithful and the persecutors will be greater enemies of my Church. My beloved people, do not continue to live without seeing the vault of Heaven; mankind will experience great turmoil. War is gradually being experienced by mankind in constant danger, which will become the cruelest struggle in human history. My people will suffer, and for this they must prepare themselves in faith through constant practice. I will send my Angel of Peace to you, so that my Angel will accompany my people; possessing my own love, my Angel will give hope and faith to my people. Do not forget that my Angel of Peace feeds on love, and where love is rejected, there the door is closed to my Mercy. Humanity must make itself worthy of my Angel of Peace. I love you, my beloved ones, I love you with an everlasting love. 'Behold, I have engraved you on both hands, your walls are continually before Me. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 10 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I am pouring out a blessing on you who are heeding the call of the Father's House to fulfill God's Will. On this path of humanity, not everyone believes the word, but yes, you have seen it fulfilled and you will see it fulfilled. Man saw my Son and did not recognize Him, just as he does not recognize the Divine Word at this time. Jealousy prevails as a consequence of the disobedience prevailing at this moment. Humanity has failed to recover from the vice of envy because of the pride that remains in the human ego, competing for dominance over your brothers and sisters. My Son calls on you to know the Scriptures, not just to memorize their verses, but to put them into practice. Do not forget that 'for where there is envy and selfish ambition, there will be disorder and every wicked practice. But wisdom from above is first pure, then calm, gentle, open to reason, full of mercy and good fruits, without uncertainty or insincerity. And the harvest of righteousness is sown in peace by those who make peace,' remember: 'Do not lurk like outlaws in the house of the righteous, do not do violence to the place where the righteous dwell, for though they fall seven times, they will rise, but the wicked are overthrown by misfortune.' Beloved children, jealousy is the result of the constant insinuations of the devil and his demonic spirits, who imprison the human mind in order to destroy what belongs to my Son. Do not believe that by attending my Son's house, you will avoid this great sin that leads to division. Some of my children live in search of falsehood, when they envy their brother's goodness and with evil on their tongue cause division. My poor children, those whose tongue is like a whip, will turn against them and make them fall! Beloved children, at this moment evil is not lurking, but has thrown itself upon the people of My Son with great desperation. The way of evil breeds evil, the way of good breeds goodness and unity. I do not want my children to be divided, I want them to be united in the communion of saints. This moment of great confusion will be remembered to you as a moment of deception and cruelty. Those who do not seek the good for themselves and for their brothers and sisters are far from having the strength necessary to overcome what is approaching humanity. My children, far from the truth of the words of my Son, you are easily deceived, managing your own pain, which you suffer and will suffer. Again brothers will rise up against brothers, in disguise to hide their faces. Mankind will return to paying homage to the devil, who poisons the human mind and hardens the heart of man, instilling evil, so that people see no difference and insult my Son, fed by jealousy, anger and lies. How many of my children have rejected the predictions of this Mother at this moment, when they are so close to their fulfillment! They will see with amazement how the sky takes on the color of blood and how balls of fire descend on the earth. Then they will cry, but not asking for mercy, but rather insulting my Son. Children, you will hear about alliances and decision-making between those who have not come to an agreement. So do not trust in this; the one who felt powerful and dominant over other nations will be abandoned, betrayed and destroyed. Dear children, pray for the United States, which will make a show of strength. It will be betrayed without anyone noticing until it suffers. This nation will be surprised by an unexpected event that has never happened before.... And it will shake it. Dear children, pray for Italy, the gaze of the world will turn to this nation. Italy will shake hard again. Dear children, pray for the Church. My Son's Church is entering a period of great division. Dear children, pray for Peru, this land is being shaken, its volcanoes are beginning great activity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, France is entering into great conflicts, it is an unexpected terror that comes with darkness. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the word of my Son cannot be modernized, what is not of the world does not walk with the world.... Peace is the message of my Son ... Truth is the message of my Son ... Love is the message of my Son .... Man must not confuse the divine with the human. The present moment deserves all the attention of each of you, so that you continue to devote yourselves to being better human beings and children of God, the One and Triune. Children, do not turn away from the practice of prayer, do not fall asleep before my Son, entrust your lives to Him so that evil does not surprise you. Prepare to receive my Son in the Holy Eucharist and enjoy the manna descending from Heaven. Respect each other, be witnesses of my Son's love, present, living and pulsating. Every step you take should be a reason for inner renewal. Be virtuous in what you undertake, be righteous and be love. You are so neglectful of being love that you subordinate it to your personal feelings, without thinking of your brother! I mention to you Divine love, the one that must be daily bread for each of mine. Man lives in order if he loves his neighbor, lives in disorder if he does not love his neighbor. Whoever loves as my Son commands you, knows the depths of justice, love, truth. I call on you to be people of good will, and this happens in those who are fed by their brothers and at the same time feed their brothers with what they have. Why does mankind intend to live without God's Love, with carnal love alone? Because mankind has been conditioned by evil to live according to the flesh and not according to the spirit. You must be pure in heart, beings of good thoughts and deeds. A hardened heart makes the human creature a selfish instrument of harlotry, stubborn and envious; such prevails in the world in those who reject my Son. He who communes with the works and actions of my Son is of a simple heart and knows that my Son examines the interior of man. Beloved, if you seek my Son, seek Him out of love; if you want to see my Son, see Him in love, in Divine Love, which is all mercy, which is all righteousness, which will not give unjust recompense to the righteous. Humanity does not know Divine Love, it has immersed itself in the love of the world, and this leads you to rivalry, to failure, to follow in the footsteps of human idols. Evil has given birth to violence, and it spreads without reason, but through contagion in hardened hearts. The devil does not rest, he continues to protect those who are loyal to him. The war goes on slowly, and the blind man says: 'it has not yet begun' .... What a big mistake man is making! The blind lead the blind, denying what Heaven announces to them, so as not to be surprised. Dear children, to each of you appropriately match the love of my Son. Build each other up; I love you and want you to be united. I unite humanity in my maternal Heart, so that you may be one, as my Son desires. I am the Mother of all mankind, call out to me, call out to me, I hear you. Come to me and remain comforted in my lap, so that you may be lifted up in the face of the smallest fall. My mantle protects you, from infinity I watch you, with great love I wait for you. I do not rush you, I show you the urgency of conversion, so that you can find strength and overcome the trials of living for the love of my Son. Minds are weak because they do not love with eternal love. Come to me so that I can give you a hand and so that you can keep the serenity that comes from knowing that you are protected and guided by me toward the only way, toward God, yesterday, today and always. I love you. Mama Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 13 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, in every beat of My Heart is each one of My children. I come to you to heal your wounds, your sorrows and to give you everything you need to abide in what is right. Sometimes you expect from Me what is not right for you; I give you what makes you part of My fold. Be aware that 'I am the Way, the Truth and the Life', I am the actor and the spectator, I am the doctor and the medicine. Sometimes I am the bandage on the wound, other times I am the thread that stitches, other times I am the medicine against pain, other times I am the gentle wind that helps heal the wound, and other times .... I am the brush that cleanses the wound. My beloved people, each of My children must fulfill the Commandment of love, only in this way will you live in truth. My beloved people, he who turns away from Me loves himself the most, loves his human ego the most and therefore despises the one next to Me .... He who loves himself the most has been permeated by the currents of pride, self-love, envy, unhappiness, despair, unforgiveness, vanity, cruelty, mistreatment, foolishness, possessiveness, imposition, non-acceptance of my Will .... Whoever turns away from me always finds an excuse for his brother to be the one to do penance, and he himself the executioner. He who turns away from Me imposes himself on his brothers and sisters until pride makes him intolerable to his brothers. No, my beloved, open the eyes of the spirit and discern.... At this moment, disturbing spirits have taken possession of some of my children to keep my people in constant pain. You must discern what comes from Me as necessary for the soul, and what comes to you to disturb, torment and exhaust you, so that you turn away from My way in My people, every human creature must be the one who directs his brother to Me, and not the one who drives him away from Me. He who is stubborn does not grow, nothing satisfies him; a humble person suffices to serve me and offer me what he has, and what he can, and what he cannot, because he does so with the greatest possible effort. My people, at this time the unity and security of those who walk in my Truth is essential. Prepare yourselves in the spirit, help each other, so that the spiritual senses can be quickly revealed. My people are confused when they hear that the signs of this moment are not signs, but things that must happen and that are natural. You must be aware that the spiritually blind are those who refuse to see the signs of this moment as an alarm for humanity to awaken, and instead tell my children that what is happening is natural. My people, you will see those brothers who have denied the signs of this moment as a message for you to prepare in spirit, you will see them with those who despise My Mother. My people, you are fighting against the evil spirits that are wandering the earth, overturning people, stealing the Salvation of souls; these are the demons that came out of Hell itself, who burn with jealousy seeing you adore Me, receive Me, work for My Kingdom, announcing to your brothers and sisters the moment you are in. Demons tremble with anger against you, blessed of my Father. Humanity perverted by sin has contaminated every aspect of society. The poison of pleasure and ignorance is slowly being poured on people, so that they do not know me and do not trust me. Faith will be extinguished in humanity like a candle flame blown out by the wind. The cruelest religious, racial and economic persecution will begin. Diseases sent to humanity by misused science will be sudden and unknown. Pray my children, pray, nature makes man tremble. Pray my children, pray, Peru trembles, diseases appear. Pray my children, pray, my Church is surprised. My people, I insist on the law of love and on mercy toward one another. Recognize the creatures of mercy who have a righteous conscience and a heart full of truth; they are not creatures of feigned faith. My truth is Love; my Love is my Truth. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 17 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Heart welcomes you all to abide in it in true love. Do not deviate from the path I am asking you to take, let me intercede with my Son, cling to my hand. Each of mine is guarded by his traveling companions - angels - and warned when you are in danger of falling into error. Children, for personal and then community spiritual development it is necessary for each of my children to decide to see themselves inside, however painful it may be to encounter the reality of your actions and conduct. You are able to see yourselves inside so that you improve what you need to improve in life, above all that which concerns the human ego and the treatment of others. Man would not act in evil so often if he would stop looking at the evil he seemingly judges in his brother and see himself ultimately in the light of truth. When man looks at himself in spirit and truth, he finds in the depths of his interior my Son, who is waiting for you to give you a deeper awareness of God's Love and man's duty as a child of God. My children, in this moment in which erroneous ideological currents abound, you are called to pay attention to the confusion in which you live. What the new, spiritual, ideological currents propose to you, that you should find my Son through practices of concentration or relaxation, without taking into account the state of the soul, is something completely wrong. You must follow my Son and find in Him what the world will never give you. At this time, when a large part of my Son's Church remains inundated by Freemasonry and the illuminati, my Heart aches for the incompatibility of these secret societies with the religion that my Son established. High positions in my Son's Church are under the authority of Freemasonry, causing great confusion over the acceptance of norms contrary to God's Law. These practices have brought the smoke of Satan down on my Son's Church, which is taking over in order to hide its true intention. My children, you must know the Scriptures to recognize the difference between the true path to my Son and the various erroneous paths that lead to the worship of the flesh, creation and Satan. Do not forget that at this moment the devil has launched all his tentacles to pounce on you without you noticing it. The stench of the enemy of the soul covers the streets of the cities, sowing hatred and confusion among mankind, which walks in confusion, listening to different voices, plunging moment by moment into error, into denial and acting outside the Commandments. Evil has seized humanity, has reached unimaginable levels of power in the religion of nations, economic, social, political and moral power, has seized the lukewarmness of my children and makes them, under the guise of brotherhood, neither true Christians nor true children of God. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must prepare yourselves not to be deceived and led into evil. Know my Son, know God's will for His people; you cannot believe that you are saved if your works and actions are not in accordance with God's Law, sacraments and other works of mercy. The change in you begins with the recognition of your personal work and actions. If this recognition is not made, you will walk, dragging the chains that bind you for evil. I don't find a new person without recognizing yourself as a sinner, recognizing yourself as proud, recognizing yourself as weak and turning to God for help. Prepare yourselves to be new creatures, renewed by God's love. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, mankind does not want to unite with my Son, the consolation that evil gives you leads you away from the mystery of the Cross. You despise the gift of vision, denying that evil lives in humanity at this moment. You do not do good, you do not engage in a definitive change toward good deeds, you mock those who seek to live in obedience to the Word of God. The stench of mankind's sin has caused the earth in various parts of the world to cave in, unwilling to continue to bear the continued sin of man. Weakness in the face of sin is once again revealed in the history of mankind, alienation from God's Law gives evidence of the spiritual lukewarmness of a great number of human beings. Dates concerning Warning, Miracle, Punishment, Catastrophe, concerning the days of darkness and the Second Coming of my Son are spreading like the wind throughout the world. Man of God, prepare as if this day is the last day you will live! Don't be like the hypocrites who eagerly wait for the exam to ask for forgiveness and thus absolve themselves of the punishment for their sins; they forget that God knows the least of their thoughts, deeds and actions. My Son will come without warning, therefore He will take His people and let them examine themselves. You should realize the urgency of this moment and not be like fools who deny the signs of this moment to deceive the naive. Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy thoughts', and '... thy neighbor as thyself'. The salvation of souls continues with the same requirements, with no change in the law, no change in the content of doctrine, no change in the Word of God. Beloved, receive my Son, properly prepared. We call you to an inner transformation, which is to be open to the enlightenment of the Holy Spirit, so that you do not just see things from the outside, but their essence. In this looking at the essence, the soul seeks God, with a constant movement toward that which is higher. My beloved ones, the moment is rushing by with great speed, indeed I must tell you that the earth rotates with greater speed; while the moment is shorter, the weeks pass quickly, and you do not notice this. Hence the urgent need for internal change, events are approaching at full speed. Evil is wreaking havoc in the homes of religious formation; evil is distracting the mind of man; evil is destroying homes; evil is accelerating war in its fullness; evil is distancing man from God, offering man every opportunity to sin, so that he lives in a constant lie. Man dresses like a woman, which is yet another sign of the moment in which you live. This is how they lived in the time of Sodom and Gomorrah, in depravity. Women seek carnal pleasure, they offer themselves without shame. You blame evil; that's why I mention evil to you, evil, and it's not evil per se, but man's submission to everything that is not right, and man's distancing from God's Law, which opened the door to the devil, so that he destroys man and man destroys creation. Children, this has already happened; at this moment man is receiving the product of his madness. Everything that is happening has been overrun by the hordes of the devil, who, sensing a personal examination of souls, is accelerating his attack to gain souls for himself. Beloved ones, the Warning is indeed at the gates of humanity, so repent, do not let your soul be lost. Pray my children, pray, and you will see fire surrounding the earth on high. Pray my children, pray for the United States, the power of the economically powerful surprises the nation. Racial revolts will not be delayed. This earth is shaking. Pray my children for Russia, the wolf hides behind a sheep's skin. Pray my children, pray for Denmark, it will be shaken. Pray, my children, for Italy, it will be surprised by terrorism. This generation will witness the words of my Son on the Mount of Olives. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this moment should not be taken lightly, but with the awareness of what eternal life is worth. And in conforming yourselves to my Son, look up, look up, you will be amazed. The effort must be double; whoever desires to serve my Son must serve faithfully. Whoever is lukewarm is spat out of God's mouth. Unite, support one another, be living testimonies of my Son's love. I bless you in my Immaculate Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 20 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I seek you like a shepherd of his sheep. Live in anticipation of my coming.... This moment of spiritual growth, in which you are approaching me, is clear to those who are aware that in the face of the great evil that is approaching, I am preparing you to be one with the Divine Will that created everything, and to resist with spiritual conviction. I have announced myself so that you will remain prepared and await me with a generous spirit and a pure heart.... I announced myself at my Second Coming ... my children themselves are confused, I told you that I will not come unless the apostasy occurs first and the man of sin, the son of perdition, appears. Why do you allow yourselves to be deceived? You are expecting what does not come from My Will, but from the will of men. I will come when you least expect it, for you will first hear rumors of wars, and war will become concrete when every nation rises against every nation, and when pestilence and famine will be greater than those at the present time. You will hear of peace treaties, but that peace will not come because of treachery. Confusion is in the eyes of all my children. They will suffer until human stubbornness weakens; some will not choose to repent - these are the executioners of their brothers. Wrongdoing will prevail on earth, weak hearts will be allies of evil and prey to Satan, so that what is written will be fulfilled. My beloved people, pray for Spain, she will be taken by surprise, and those who do not love Me will scourge My people, they will ravage My temples and attack Mine without fear, but with great evil. My beloved people, pray for the United States, it is badly shaken. Society is plunging into chaos, blood will be shed. My beloved people, pray for Peru and Chile, these beloved nations are shaken, they are suffering greatly. Beloved of my people, you are the mystical body of my Church, do not consider as good what is not good. Dirty water, if not carefully observed, can pretend to be clean, so you should sharpen your eyesight and sharpen your senses, so that your whole body remains in constant readiness. Pray for the United States, injustice will be experienced in this nation. Racial conflicts will return, disorder will be like a contagious plague. Pray children, pray, the Etna volcano will cause a surprise. Pray children, pray, the earth continues to shake. Distant human acts will come that have made my people tremble; human discrimination will arise on a grand scale. My people have been flooded with phrases worshipping Satan, demanding the taking of the earth and my children, through the loud music of hard rock groups and other musical tendencies, in which human beings enter uncontrolled states and surrender to the evil that possesses them. Music groups make satanic gestures to flood my children with signs used by Satan worshippers. My people, wake up! Music is not what it appears to be; examine the signs, the gestures, the words with which those who present music to my people deceive them to draw them away from the true path and add them to the ranks of Satan. Do not call on Satan, with this act you open the door for him into your life, do not allow yourselves to become part of the prey that the devil has entrusted to some people to distort the meaning of life and loyalty to me. By no means imitate human idols. Beware of those who say, 'I am the Christ' ... Many will come in my Name, being deceivers of mankind, my beloved people, you must be united with my work and action, you must despise injustice and be a lover of peace. Do not prefer those who boast, unite with the humble and simple of heart, in them I deposit my Word. Do not believe that you possess all truth, do not be impulsive, be calm. Some of My children do not see the darkness because they live in it, and so they reject the light because they do not know it. My beloved people, my Angel of Peace comes to help you and comes in search of people with pure hearts, to call them.... my Angel of Peace comes to open oppressed hearts, to soften hearts of stone, to help those who want to be saved.... You will continue to elevate the spiritual senses with the practice of the sense of spiritual touch. Pray that my teachings will not fall on dry ground. This sense is necessary for you to put into practice. Human life resembles a circle that is in constant motion. Inside this circle, the senses are like emanations that man emits toward his surroundings, like lights toward his brothers and sisters. The heart, as in the body, is constantly beating, which is why good or bad feelings are revealed in each of you. You will see the spiritual touch in the feelings that you depend on what you receive from your brothers and sisters, your environment and what you expect from life. To be correct, feelings must be born from a new heart, and you receive this new heart when you surrender to me in conversion. Children, each of you should refrain from judging your neighbor with self-justification mixed with perversity, because man usually tends to lie and despise the truth, putting his feelings above his actions. At the moment mankind has buried feelings, the neighbor is an affliction or a blessing - clearly in two ways, again good or evil, love or hate, joy or tension, boredom or action. This is the reason why I call you to an inner renewal with the Spirit of Splendor, to ask me at every moment to sanctify your work and actions, with an earnest desire to live in my Will. The human Will makes mistakes in what it desires; because of this, because of man's disobedience, affects have managed to blind man, silence him, make him deaf and cause spiritual paralysis. My children, if every man does not allow his human understanding to be enlightened by My Spirit, he will not recognize or understand the true delights of My Kingdom. Beloved ones, you must come out of the denial because of which you do not understand Me, do not know Me and do not love Me. You cannot walk, refusing to understand My Word, saying: 'I don't understand, I don't comprehend the Divine Word.' This is because in order for the spiritually blind to see, they must have the healing power of my Word, follow my Law and come to me, not expecting to find the same concept that you have of creation or the principles of my House. Man's feelings are found in what is the basis of the world. You have created your own model of what my work and my actions look like and are stuck in what is direct, in what is visible to your eyes, despising what is of my House. The transformation of my children is accomplished by getting to know me, so that I will transform them and they will want to know me in spirit and truth. Everything achieves the expected beauty if your feelings abide with Me. He who is wise is benevolent, calm, merciful and - importantly - non-judgmental. My beloved people, continue to purify the sense of touch, considering that physical touch corresponds to the feelings in the heart of a person who does not despair, but waits without hesitation. You associate touch with feeling through the concrete perception of something, and this is not correct. Spiritual touch leads my children to live in the hope of Salvation, seeing the goal of the final encounter in the ecstasy of love that human creation constantly offers to me in the struggles of each moment. My people desire what is wrong and therefore are corrupted and do not keep hope or faith in My Word. Dear children, continue to awaken the gift of touch. With a clear conscience and immersed in hope, my people walk in obedience. On the first day of the fifth week, I offer the gift of touch on this day to the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and the Blessed Virgin Mary. I offer you this gift of touch at this time for the glory of God and for the good of souls. In every present act, my affections will be attentive, vigilant not to hoard what the sense of touch desires, which leads to sin, offending the Sacred Hearts. Give me the strength to free the sense of touch and to stimulate it to work and act for the good of my soul and my brother and sister. I cry out to you, most holy Mother, to take me as a disciple, to guide my life, and that my path be directed to meet your Son. Upon awakening, I make a sacrifice, I have feelings for the good. From now on, I offer my constant effort to make this gift more spiritual, putting the Divine desire for my personal Salvation first. I propose to free my affections from occasions of sin, seeking God's purpose in all things, remembering only the good that each brother and sister has offered me, and in creation the greatness of the Eternal Father. I do not want to sin any more with the sense of touch, I give it to the Sacred Heart, so that, being Your creation, my Lord, You lift me from sin. I do not desire that what I am should continue to produce evil feelings, nor do I despise the Divine benefits that lead me to remain in a state of Grace. Sacred Hearts, sustain my feelings, leading me to keep only what is good. I keep my free will and immediately surrender it and entrust it to the Sacred Hearts to free me from the opportunity to make mistakes, and thus shape this sense to guide my affections only to that which serves the good of my soul and that I do good to my brothers and sisters. May this sense of touch thirst for the purifying water of love that comes from the Sacred Hearts. Amen. At noon, together with our Mother, I analyze the morning's efforts and note the weaknesses. Before bed, I give thanks to the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and the Blessed Virgin Mary, whom I ask for help in this intention to become a better child of God. Our Father, three Hail Marys and Glory Be. Children, come to me and entrust your lives to me. Don't forget, my children, that touch desires pleasant feelings, but not everything that is desired in touch is right. Gold glitters, but gold is not the happiness of man. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 25 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, with the beginning of Advent, each of you should be prepared to participate in the spiritual significance of the birth of my Son. Children, kindle the flame of faith, hope and love so that this new Wine of My Son's Love will not be lacking in your hearts as His children. Be aware of your participation in the mystical body of the Church, of which my Son is the head. You are candles that do not go out, even if a strong wind blows.... You are a witness to the love that my Son has placed in the Heart of every person.... As you begin this special Advent, you should renew your consecration to the Sacred Heart of my Son and to my Immaculate Heart. With faith, cling to the security of Divine protection; the star from on high will guide you at every moment, if you do not separate the human will from the fulfillment of God's Will. At this moment, seek true repentance, that which is born in the deepest part of yourselves, from where true sorrow for the offenses committed against God and your neighbor is born. Humanity is turning against the Church of my Son, pointing the finger at it and undermining its value. The lack of prayer among my priests hinders their true discernment, so that they call sin a sin. My Son's people have become depraved, being a powerful magnet that attracts purifications upon mankind, one after another, in response to human transgressions and the urgent need to awaken man's conscience to be faithful to God, the One and Triune, and not faithful to men. Whoever of you places his faith in man has degenerated and regressed to his most primitive state, confusing what is divine with what is human. The man of God must reject the accolades, because the human ego craves such honors and prompts the one who receives them to see himself as different from and greater than his brethren, and necessary for his brethren to be saved. The one who accepts honors with vanity and indulges in them falls into the same error as the one who gives unnecessary honors to the one who is a child of God, rather than to God, who alone deserves all honor and glory. Confusion will reign at these decisive moments, and some of my children, wishing to do good, will use their brothers as firewood and throw them into the fire amidst the excessive worship that depraves the human creature. Given the malice that exists in mankind, living a life without regret for the sins committed hardens the heart of man, and he continues to do wrong with greater frequency and force, until this habit becomes part of man's daily work and actions. This is why souls move so quickly from lukewarmness to forgetfulness, and from forgetfulness to constant repetition of sinful acts, without anyone correcting them. In these moments, which are so demanding for those who wish to remain on the path of truth, my Son has prepared for you a series of norms to awaken the spiritual senses, for through this training man will love what is divine and reject worldliness. Man's union with the Holy Spirit must arise so that mankind will not be deceived. Those who give honor to man will fall with man. Those who are idolaters, rebels, those who threaten, ungodly, deceivers, will be defeated by me. As the Morning Star, I shine in the midst of the humble who are exercised in spiritual growth on the Divine Path, in love, grace, holiness, truth, courage and patience, so that the wheat will shine like the sun that illuminates it. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, being a Christian is not a title, it is not a name, it is not a denomination or a distinguishing mark, it is the culmination of the life, death and resurrection of my Son for the redemption of the world. My Son left you Heaven, and it is the duty of every human being to gain it for himself. You are not assured of eternal life if you are not true children of my Son and adorers of God's Will. I take my Son's people by the hand to bring them to rebirth. Man must be reborn with a Heart of flesh, faithful, full of peace, with senses purified by the Divine Will and aware of the true value of the Cross. My children, do not refuse the effort, suffering and pain involved in the transition from being a person accustomed to satisfying one's own 'ego' to being a person who lives in constant practice of living by the Commandments, loving one's neighbor, constant struggle with one's desires and passions, demanding of oneself a greater knowledge of my Son, His work and action, in order to be better and be closer to my Son. I don't want those who repeat, but people who are aware that in order to stay on the true path with a faith that is mature and ready for trials, they must enter the path of my Son and strive upward, aware of the greatness of being a child of God and able to call on Him with love and trust: 'Our Father, who art in Heaven...'. The people of my Son are not just any people, their way is not the way of the world, but they are a people who respect and love the Divine Word and reject the world and its machinations .... The people of my Son do not hide sin or make pacts with the devil, knowing that evil interests lead mankind to declare one religion that will worship Satan .... You know well that evil wants to prevail over the Church of my Son. Do not forget to adore my Son, not only in the Tabernacle, but in each and every one of the deeds and works with which you bear witness to the love you claim to have for my Son. There are so many who gather in temples for purposes so different from what my Son really asked! At this moment, the temples have become amphitheaters, seriously insulting the Sacred Heart of my Son, introducing the very instigator of sin into the Heart of the Church, of which I am the Mother. You blaspheme with these acts.... With trembling and horror the hosts of heaven look down from the Father's House upon those who receive my Son in grave sin, preparing their own damnation. Is this the holy Church of my Son? No. This is the church of men, the church of human will. I weep when I look at the suffering of my Son's people.... A purification is necessary. Pray children, pray for the United States, its suffering is not ending, on the contrary, it is increasing. Power is usurping the will of the people. The seasons are turning and the earth is wobbling. Pray, my children, pray for Italy, they are suffering again, sin abounds, repentance is forgotten. Pray, my children, pray, water permeates the earth. Pray for Japan. Pray children, pray, new alliances are only false hopes. Treason is paving the way, pray for Colombia. Pray children, pray for China, they will keep humanity in fear. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, make reparation, make reparation for the great offenses with which humanity gravely offends my Son. You betray one another ... Recognize the one who does not love my Son, enslaving other people with false words. This is how Satan works, setting man against his brother. Have a lighted lamp, the Warning is coming ... Do not tremble before evil, tremble before offending God. In the end, my Immaculate Heart will triumph. I will lead you by the hand to the Throne of the Holy Trinity. Do not fear, children, do not be afraid. Be souls who adore my Son, love Him and make amends for those who offend Him. As the Mother of Humanity, I will give my Son His holy people. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 30 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Love remains with each of you.... Do not forget that I am the Mother of humanity, the Mother and Queen of all that is created. I am the Mother of humanity, and yet it seems that this word and this term of the Trinity has not been fully understood by my children.... I am not calling you to come to me because I am greater than the Trinity, I am calling you to come to me because by the command of the Trinity I have been appointed to lead the people of my Son and intercede for all of humanity so that you may once again find the path of truth, Salvation and peace. I have been appointed by the Most Holy Trinity to reach out to you in these decisive moments for humanity, to give you my hand, and for those who desire it to allow me to guide them along safe paths. I will crush the head of evil, and knowing from the Divine Will all the coming events, I will announce to you what is coming, so that you will prepare yourselves in spirit accordingly and recognize the Divine Word and not be fooled by modernisms that are not the Will of God. You have a duty as children of God to know the Scriptures, to recognize the Divine will in the Commandments and to discern that they were, are and will be the same and are not subject to interpretation. The devil is cunning and wants to lead the Church of my Son into chaos, into schism. That is why I grieve, and that is why, as Mother, I come to you again to call you to discernment, to prayer, to meditation and, like my Son, to put into practice every word of the Gospel. My children are not passive in their work and action ... my true children suffer the thirst of souls, and they must take the Word of God to their brothers and announce to them what is to come, so that they may hasten and enter the path of conversion. You know very well, my children, that the powerful elite that manipulates all of humanity is preparing the spectacle of the antichrist: and this is my urgent need for you, my children, not to be deceived, because those who are unaware of these prophecies will be greatly deceived, completely confused and will fall into the fires of hell, because they will reject my Son and love the deceiver. This chaotic scenario of this moment all over the earth is being prepared to gradually put my Son's people into a mentality that needs the extraordinary to last, and my Son's Church does not want to open its eyes and see that what is extraordinary, the most extraordinary thing it has, is the Body and Blood of my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, how many do not love me! How many reject me! How many deny my Immaculate purity! ... But nevertheless I am the Mother of those who deny me, of those who do not love me, just as with my Son and together with my Son I gave birth to you in my womb as the Mother of all mankind. My Son in my womb suffered the compulsion of every human being and sacrificed this compulsion with me for the people of this moment who suffer from the narrowness of mind and will, the narrowness of heart and close themselves off so as not to look, not to listen, not to discern. As a 'Woman clothed with the sun,' I share with my Son the light that He distributes and with which He enlightens all souls. This is not an honorary title, it is the reality of my Maternity for all mankind, which is why, in the devotion of the Empress of the Americas, I lead this rebellious people, taking them by the hand towards my Son to merit eternal life. I do not desire that you exalt me more than my Son, but I desire that you obey me so that I may lead you in love and be an Advocate before the Most Holy Trinity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I grieve for my children who reject me, not because they reject the words of this Mother, but because by rejecting me and not following my hand along the right path, you are hindering yourselves from this appointment as Advocate and Guide to Eternal Salvation. You are looking for the wrong paths, and these shorter paths are the very ones that lead you to the one religion where the deceiver is King. At this time, messages and calls are multiplying ... You should remain in constant discernment, because it is God's will that I, appointed by the Holy Trinity, should be the Advocate between people and God. No instrument chosen by Heaven can condemn a soul or give it eternal life.... No instrument is God to condemn a soul to the abyss, or to give eternal life to a brother .... Through our faithful instruments we warn you; through our prophet we shape you in all truth, even if it is painful and unpleasant. My Son is 'the Way, the Truth and the Life' and does not hide from His people what through ignorance can lead them to perdition. If you find these exhortations disastrous and frightening, this is what awaits this generation for lack of restraint, hypocrisy, lying, falsehood, for lack of humility before the Word of God, for heresies, for constant sins against the Holy Spirit, but always, both my Son and I exalt the Mercy of God, because you are in a moment of repentance, conversion, and my Son will not refuse to forgive anyone who comes truly repentant. How many of my priests speak to the people of my Son against the calls of my Son and this Mother! The revelation is shaped in Scripture, but its explanation will not end until my Son's people find their way. One cannot be lukewarm and serve two masters. My faithful tools are the ink that is used to write the Divine Will, but the ink is not necessary, the Divine Word is necessary, for even if there were ink, without the Divine Word they could not write it. At this time, let pride not fill the heart of my tools, but let humility guide them. Whoever puts himself first is not a true tool. The true instrument in the Father's House is the one who communicates the Word of God to you so that you do not go astray, who communicates it to you so that you do not separate from my Son and from me and are not unfaithful to the Word of God, the one who calls you to repentance, to awaken from the human will and awaken the senses of the spirit, who calls you again and again to live the Divine Will so that you do not perish.... At this moment, humanity must possess the knowledge to prepare itself and not fall into the clutches of Satan; this is necessary for you at this time - to awaken hearts, thoughts and minds dormant by what is worldly and sinful. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I urge you, pray for Peru, this nation will be greatly shaken by a great earthquake. Pray, children, for Japan, the radioactive contamination it will bring to all humanity is unprecedented. Pray, the third world war does not appear in an instant, as I have already mentioned, but is already pregnant and continues until it appears in full. Pray my children, pray for the United States, do not neglect it in your prayers. Pray my children, the plague is advancing with a new disease, which I will come to quickly, so that you will not perish because of what science will not be able to discover. Pray, my children, for a holy Church, as holy is my Son. Pray, prepare, prepare for the great event of mercy, prepare for the Warning, during which I will not be separated from you. I bless you, my children. You can enter the Ark of Salvation, which is my Immaculate Heart, because after all the tribulations, my Immaculate Heart will triumph for the glory of the Most Holy Trinity. My blessing be upon each of you.... Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 04 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my children are stubborn and demanding of themselves, they seek me in season and out of season, they know that my Word does not stop, but goes out to meet every person in every event and in what a person who does not know me allows to go unnoticed. My call insists that my people be mystical.... Man must understand that he is not just a body, but is more than a body, he is a soul and a spirit, and has the capacity to rise and enter into the knowledge of himself, his inner truth and his intervention in creation. This moment is uncertain for my people, not because of my will, but because of the human will, which wanted to penetrate what is not about the spirit, but what is entirely about the body and sin in all its forms. The uncertainty in which you remain depends at the same time on the decisions made by my children. No one can serve two masters...'; you will suffer from confusion. In the midst of this, you are denying my Truth, you are seeking it in very wrong paths and because of this you are increasingly lost, you are denying me and running away from me. That which is worldly attracts you, I love. My people, you are a refuge in the midst of the winds of modernism, in the midst of the shameful acts of some of My representatives, which will increase, being a scandal and the reason why the opponents of My Church find their constant attacks favorable. My representatives lack the necessary ingredient to resist temptation; it is prayer, giving priority to those who give money, appreciating the poor and withdrawing from society. Some children who represent me and call my people to conversion, before the calls to humanity directed by me and my Mother are fulfilled, are quickly removed from the parish so as not to alarm the faithful. These my representatives are called catastrophists by their superiors and even by the laity, and they are sent far away from the cities under this pretext. My people, you are being manipulated by powerful interests; the concern of these children of Mine is very different from My Will - I seek the welfare of My children. Those who are within such interests desire power and in their zeal will succumb to the subjugation of the one they will elevate before humanity, the antichrist. The latter will subjugate them to himself, selfishness will make them suffer by the same measure they apply to my people. Some of the forces in the world know of the proximity of threats from the universe that will cause major changes on earth. Do not forget, my beloveds, that the Warning is near and the universe will participate in this act of my Love for you. Just as you will see fire in Heaven, the fire of my Love will bless you to examine yourselves as you are. The hands of Freemasonry are wreaking havoc in My Church, weakening the heart of My loving people, the god of debauchery.... the god of money.... the god of power.... the god of pride.... the god of misused technology.... the god that poisons through food ...the god that penetrates the mind and dominates it .... the god that deceives thoughts with novelties .... the god of perversion ...the god of iniquity .... the god of immorality ... the god of recklessness ... the god of extravagance ... the god of war ... the god of dictators ... the false god ... What is happening at this moment has been prepared from times unforeseen by man, so that this moment will be dominated by the impostor through the little antichrists in humanity. Just as the antichrist has tentacles, these tentacles are supported by those in humanity who have allowed aberrations to take place in the fullness of the word. Those who know the state of humanity respond with trembling silence, burying their heads in the ground so as not to report on the state of humanity, forgetting that I know everything that is happening. My Father's arm has been repeatedly held back by My Mother, and the response of My people has been loveless and shameful. My people are experiencing what neither Sodom nor Gomorrah experienced.... The devil lurks in all people, waiting for the smallest moment to pounce on souls. The vast majority does not see sin, proclaims that humanity is superior, and the warnings of my House are ignored and despised. The holy fear of God is ridiculous to people, because some have not experienced the impact of sin on the soul. Children who do not see sin are being blinded by Satan himself, while innocence is being taken away from children, transgressions are increasing, perversity has no truce, brutality is increasing in man, there is approval of laws against life, the creation of weapons of mass destruction, uprisings in various countries, destroyed families, beings who consider family what it is not.... Is this not a sign of the times? Children, my people, what are the leaders who live like a large part of their people, who lack what is necessary? You do not see this because you have been indoctrinated. My people, wake up, see the evil that surrounds you, come back, wake up! My Father has been infinitely patient. Our House heard the prayers of the faithful and waited, only for you to continue to wallow in sin, ignoring the evidence that appears before your eyes. This is the moment when you should make sure that you confess your sins, repent sincerely, return to Me, receive Me in My Body and My Blood and be faithful to Me. Pray, my children, pray the Holy Rosary. Every Rosary recited with true awareness and love is a great relief in the face of the cruel sufferings that man will face, and is a step towards My House, if, in addition, the Will of God is fulfilled. Pray, my children, pray, and nature will accelerate its pace, events will be closer to man, will occur with greater force and continuity. Evil is not comprehended by creation, born from the hand of my Father. Pray, my children, pray, for Japan will continue to shake strongly. Pray, my children, pray for Colombia, this land will suffer a great upheaval. Pray, my children, pray for Canada, its people will be startled into terror, its land will shake. Pray, my children, pray for Argentina, confusion is born in darkness and comes out at dawn. Pray, my children, pray, one hand decides life, the United States is rising. Pray for my sons of priests, my Church is surprised. These are not moments for any human creature to boast. This is a moment to examine oneself internally.... A man who acts in good, who works in good, is accepted by his brothers. Do not forget that the devil increases when a person gives in to anger, and decreases when a human being acts in accordance with God's Will. Everyone is responsible for this great community that makes up My Church. Evil has penetrated it, but it will not prevail. My Mother will defeat them, but first My people will be purified. I do not inspire fear or apprehension; be alert to those who tell you that all is well. I do not deny forgiveness to any human being if he approaches with regret for the sin he has committed and with a firm intention to change his life. I come for my children, for those who witness my Love and do not cease, even if the wind is against them. I will shelter my people, which is all of humanity. Wake up children, wake up! You will see signs in Heaven, so that you will not forget that I am present and in control of all things. My people will work miracles by keeping the faith and sharing it with their brothers and sisters. My people will temper events, not stop them. My Love is infinite and therefore I want no one to be lost. There is a place in My House waiting for each of you. May My Blessing be a balm for each person that encourages and nourishes you to continue on the right path. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 07 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing remains within you every moment of your life. My Son's Love and His Mercy surpass what the human mind can comprehend and what human thought can grasp. Give thanks to my Son, adore Him constantly, not with your voice, but in every deed and in every work, for it is there that you truly give above yourself, as a witness to your brothers and sisters. No human creature is a true worshipper of my Son if he does not love his neighbor with the love of my Son, and to love one's neighbor one must be obedient and humble. This moment is extremely dangerous for the soul, because it is exposed to the perversity that Satan has managed to bring into the Heart of humanity. Evil increases every moment, until you are at the highest point of human cruelty, because you do not yet see and experience all the evil that Satan has introduced into man. Go with faith; it is the duty of each of you to deepen your faith, for without faith you are easy prey for the enemy of the soul. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, Christmas is approaching, and it is the duty of each one of you to come to worship my Child, having abandoned selfishness, pride, human closure along the way, and having managed to make the human ego lean more towards good than evil. Each of your detachments is one smaller piece of the rag you carry, and this makes the soul and spirit less heavy and more easily directed to the true path, and makes them work and act for most of the moment within the framework of good action and good work. Extremely powerful moments are coming for all humanity in every aspect of human life. Degeneration will be unthinkable in the coming year. A large part of the prophecies that I gave to humanity from the Divine Will will be fulfilled. There are still moments of this year to come, painful moments, moments of trial for all mankind, and especially for the people of my Son. I have called tirelessly and constantly for prayer, some have given themselves to verbal prayer, but I want you to pray, first of all, eliminating character, because if a person is gentler, the way is easier to bear; if a person is rebellious, the way is harder. You have not understood the true meaning of prayer. Prayer is praying with the heart, but with a Heart pure from attachments, bad moods, pride, lies, slander, falsehood.... A heart free from what you want, from what you desire, free from taking first place in every moment. That is why I have shared my tools with you, not as an example, because my Son chooses the tools in which the transformation of creation can be seen; he does not always choose holy souls, but demands and leads them to holiness. My instruments are those who remain unnoticed, not by not raising their voices, but by always taking the last place, not calling their brothers to themselves, because an instrument is an instrument, but is not God, but by sharing and proclaiming the Word of God already written in the Holy Scriptures and expounded to the instrument to be a faithful spokesman for his brothers the true word of my Son and my Word. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, if I were to depict in detail what is coming, so that you could see it, you would fall down and not get up, but remain in constant prayer, crying out for mercy and for the Salvation of souls. The Earth is in danger because a dangerous element from outer space is heading towards it. You should pay attention to this. The earth, the earth has exhausted itself from so many sins, from so much mockery and so much innocent blood that man has shed on it. The earth opens up as if empty to be renewed in the face of man's abuse of all that God has put into his hands. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must continue to pray for Japan. Pray for the United States, which is going into convulsions. Pray for Russia, which will give the world a surprise. Pray for France, which will suffer at the hands of terrorists. Pray for Peru and Colombia, they will be shaken. Pray for Costa Rica, it will be shaken. But do not be afraid, I am here, I am the Mother of all and I love everyone. Do not be afraid, give me your hand and I will support you, because God's Will has entrusted me to this generation at this time. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I must warn you of what is approaching for mankind, but above that which is approaching is the love and Mercy of God, to which you must constantly appeal, without fail. Prayer performs the greatest miracles in history, and I am here to intercede for you. Cry out to the Holy Trinity! And cry out through true conversion, working and acting righteously. Pray as families. I bless you and my Son embraces you with His Love and Mercy. Do not be separated from my Son, love Him constantly, at every moment.... Love Him with your thoughts, with your mind, with your heart, with your breath, with your sight, with your hearing, love Him with every pore of your skin, love Him in spirit and in truth.... I bless you, I love you, follow in the footsteps of my Son. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 12 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, remain confident that I protect you at all times, as long as you allow Me to do so. My Mercy is open to receive those who come to Me, repenting of their sins. It is necessary to make a determined effort to improve in order for a human being to receive the full blessing that comes with the forgiveness of sins. My Mother is the great Advocate of mankind; therefore, the sun covers her with its light and thus makes shine what her light illuminates, and the universe in all its fullness. Each of you is hidden in the Mother's light. My Mother looks with pain at those who have detached themselves from the light of Her love to penetrate the darkness of their free will, not because My Mother leads them into darkness, but through human stubbornness, which does not obey, but sinks into constant discord. So, with the humility that characterizes my Mother, I give myself to my people on the tilma in which the great treasure of our Will is laid out, calling all people to be reborn in our Holy Spirit, not to live in false religiosity, but in the greatness of being children of the Living God. Each of you must embark on the surest path of strengthening your faith and realize that when man is willing and surrenders to our Trinity, human creation remains in constant motion, and his works and deeds expand as a blessing to his brothers and sisters. Therefore, my Mother, in this call, is not shown only on earth, so that you do not limit her greatness, nor does she look at the earth only from above and from afar, but she looks at creation from the heavenly vault, an eager observer, and at the same time she makes the stars shine so that they illuminate the night of her children, who, not allowing time to pass, keep vigil without sleep. She is my Mother, the Queen of Heaven, the Mother of the end times, who leads a foolish, disobedient, capricious and yet fearful people with a weak and fragile faith. My Mother loves you as the Mother of creation, the Mother of rebellious humanity, who does not pay attention to the signs of the moment, nor heed my warnings, lest evil deceive you in the presence of the antichrist: who is not an invention, but a reality that humanity itself has begun to feed with great ignorance. My beloved people, my Mother guides you to grow closer to our Trinity, internally awakening in the depths of your soul what you possess and have not put into practice, the gifts and virtues that remain in every human creature for his good and the good of his brothers and sisters. Know Me! I am not a God of punishment, I am Mercy.... It is you, My people, who scourge yourselves with the same disregard with which you act and the willful ignorance with which you rebel against Me. The moment will come when, subjected to the oppression of the deceiver, deprived of everything you need, subjugated and deprived of your freedom of speech, you will groan in great lament and gnash your teeth those who want to leave from where they can no longer, until my legions rescue them if they demand it. Do not reject my Mother, my children, she is leading my people to true freedom. After this moment of growing pains and after passing through the crucible, the liberation of my people will come and my Mother will defeat evil. My people, get ready! This moment requires you to be men and women of practical faith, of unwavering faith, not just for yourselves, but in service to those who are mine. They need faith that will allow them to appreciate Divine Things, not what is transient. Be people of goodness, do not neglect what is too often the cause of your downfalls - your tongue. Ah, children, how you kill with your tongue, how you condemn with your tongue! No, this is not the work of my child, understand that man does not live by bread alone, but also by the word that comes out of your mouth. The word is blessing or condemnation, I do not want dead works, but real and true. Whoever cares to harm a brother or sister, whoever does not stop to slander or malign a brother or sister, 'it would be better for him to have a millstone around his neck and be thrown into the sea than to scorn one of these little ones,' you do not heed My Words, you disregard them and so persist in such great errors that you live constantly on the scales that weigh man's deeds and actions. My people, live in my Truth, do not judge, but love, repair and love.... my Love overcomes every obstacle. Do not be like those who say to Me: 'Lord, Lord', and destroy their brothers and sisters. Love one another as you are loved by our Trinity, respect one another; let it not be that you seem to be doing good, but instead you are an obstacle to your brothers and sisters. Do not be a cause for strife, for this is what the devil stirs up in people to invade their thoughts and darken their hearts. Live in moments of confusion, great confusion. Do not be deceived. Pray that you will not be deceived. I call you as a shepherd of souls; my sheepfold remains attentive to my calls. I am freedom and peace. Look up, a cleansing is approaching from on high, a fire has been lit on earth and therefore my children grieve. Pray, my children, pray for Chile, it is still shaken. Pray for Peru, it will mourn because of nature, it is shaken. Pray for France, my children are not resting, they are living in anxiety. Pray for Indonesia, the great volcano is waking up, the same in Sicily. Pray for Mexico, this people of my Mother, who is rebelling, minimizing human life and burning in immoral vices; it is shaken and humiliated by its volcanoes. My people, look to your glorious Mother, who calls you to prepare yourself quickly in spirit and truth, not settling for what is mediocre, but delving into what leads you to awaken and grow in spirit. Knowledge is not wrong if it is in me ... Knowledge is not inappropriate if it is in order to grow, not diminish .... you must reason in order to distinguish between what is good and what is evil; this is not some moment, children, this is the moment of the moments in which you live. The devil pours out his evil, divisions, so that my children attack each other. You should love your brothers and sisters, desire their good. My people, my Mother does not demand that you be her children, but gives her love to each of you. Therefore, she calls you to abide in my presence, not as spectators, but each of you to take responsibility for the Salvation of your soul and actively participate in the Salvation of your brother. My Mother has not departed from you, her children, therefore she accompanies you and shows you the greatness of her devotion, her love, her 'yes' and invites each of you to say this 'yes' to our Will, so that you will not deny yourselves eternal Salvation. Do not neglect my calls. I do not allow my people to go alone. I will send you my Angel of Peace to protect you and illuminate your path, because my Love and my light in it will not be extinguished. You must be faithful to My House, attached to My Truth, to Divine Laws, and not to those that people introduce in the midst of the chaos that permeates and deepens in humanity. Do not forget that every effort to overcome evil is an act of love toward our Holy Trinity and a sign of love toward my Mother. My beloved people, my Mother is the Mother of each of you, she loves you with Infinite Love. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 14 2016 - Jesus Christ
My beloved nation, my Mother and I have called upon you to continue your spiritual growth and thus achieve the spiritual maturity needed at this time. Man has forgotten the purpose for which he was created. Creation continues to fulfill God's Will, and man rebels moment by moment, being the one who interrupts the gift of life, being the one who constantly turns away from me, being the usurper of creation, being the executioner of God's creation. Man receives what he himself created, and so some forge good and live in goodness, while others forge evil and evil approaches them. We have already urged you not to persist with the concept of a distant God and Mother. You walk around looking toward the world, looking for a worldly God who cannot be found in all of creation, looking for a God who can be found on earth and whose transcendence reaches no farther than your eyes. You do not comprehend me as the God of all creation, but as a god necessary to handle your daily affairs. You must extend My Words, filled with My Holy Spirit, beyond human limitations. My beloved people, you will not rise unless you see Me as I am, the Infinite God, the Alpha and Omega. I have been patient with you, my Mercy has not been exhausted, but my people limit me in their concepts and ideologies, limit me to their needs, you do not look at me or experience me in the infinity and power of the almighty Glory and Majesty. We have called you, not because what is coming is about to end, but so that by living more prepared in spirit, with my help and guided by the hand of my most holy Mother, you will be able to overcome the chaos that awaits humanity. My people, live, continue to live as you wish.... Everyone lives religion as they wish.... Everyone lives spirituality as they wish.... But I come to tell you that I see everything and you do not deceive Me. In order for you to be My true children, you must refrain - now! - from human whims, you must mature - now! - because the harvest is coming soon. Do not wait for great events, but prepare yourselves as my true children and in obedience. I seek the good of all, but not all allow Me to guide them properly. Some who say they are staying next to me dictate their own law of staying next to me, dictate their own sacraments, dictate their own blessings.... Hypocrites! No man can live in spirit and truth in my will, if he does not live my Law, if he does not live my norms, laws and precepts. How many people offend me endlessly and on their own, dictating their own laws; they forgive themselves for the mistakes they have made, when I have not forgiven them! How many human beings come to receive me, and I see behind them chains dragged because of all kinds of sin and human filth! You stretch out your tongue to receive me, and I am frightened and weep, because you do not repent, not even of this pride, this arrogance that breeds the greatest evil. Do not forge your own condemnation, do not accept me if repentance is not lived deeply. I am the living God and I love you, and I grieve when you offend me and do not listen to me. No one is necessary, irreplaceable, but I desire to save everyone; but my thirst for souls is not appeased with one soul who comes to me to fulfill my plan of Salvation. But just as the earth was entrusted to you in a completely pristine state, abundant with everything man needed, so man came and with his own hand broke in fiercely with his free will and unleashed his 'ego' on the entire creation, hurting it, humiliating it and making it a slave to the human will. And at this moment the earth, which has been entrusted to You, cries out to our throne: 'come quickly, for I need You, my Lord'. Man has transformed the earth that was given to him as an inheritance and has made it the object of his whim, and when he can no longer find anything in creation that can continue the mad progress that man is making to maintain his supremacy over all things, then man will cast himself upon man himself to exploit those who belong to his own species and to continue his boundless and diabolical progress in order to maintain his power over others. My beloved ones, how my Heart is oppressed when I tell you of my pain, and when I note how man is cruelly causing it in this chaotic time in which all of mankind has been plunged by human will! my Mother still walks the earth with her hand outstretched over you, waiting for some child to raise his hand and ask her for help. How many say they love my Mother, but still live under the weight of their humanity, their pride and their selfishness! Man does not want to go backwards to change. Man continues to move forward without thinking about the great responsibility of being human. My beloved people, I speak to you, and you continue to live in the midst of anger. Homes are - and unfortunately I must say this - time bombs that are constantly exploding due to the lack of love that family members carry within them. Society lives in a permanent chaos of dehumanization; love and respect for one's fellow man are unknown. This, they say, is a thing of the past, it is from another era, it is no longer necessary in homes. My children, I truly come with a scale in my hand, so that those who rise to it, who are truly ready to abandon their human will to devote themselves to conversion, will be my true children. Do not allow yourselves to be sealed, do not under any circumstances allow yourselves to be sealed with a microchip. I will take care of my people, I will take care of my faithful. As I feed the birds of the field, so I will take care of my faithful. You must ascend quickly, and this ascension means rejecting what you want, what you desire, and truly submitting to what I demand of you. This rebellious generation has in its hands the greatest responsibility that I have given to human creatures, because this generation will face the Warning and will witness the fulfillment of the prophecies that my Mother has given throughout human history.... This generation will see my Angel of Peace. This generation will experience the greatest chastisement, worse even than the Flood, but at the same time the faithful will be blessed with the greatest miracle My House has ever given to any creature.... I have called you; no human creature, no instrument has called you .... I am the one who called you, I am the one who calls you to live in spirit and truth, for those who feel they have good intentions will remain with good intentions, and only those who truly live in spirit and truth what I command, only they will manage to overcome the temptations and defeat the impostor. Beloved people, the earth has been ravaged by you, and it will shake even more than science can predict, natural phenomena never before seen will occur, for the earth is shaken by this rebellious and disobedient generation. You will see the vault of heaven burn with fire. You will see the waters of the seas disappear, but first they invade the land. Pray, my children, because man does not respect the wishes of the majority, power at this time is an important sign, and he who holds it does not want to give it up. The nations will rise up in great protests, and from protests they will move to great turmoil, and from that they will move to provocation, and from provocation to great war, in which, at some point, my legions will intervene before man exterminates this divine creation, the earth. You will suffer the unimaginable, but in the same way my help will be unimaginable for my people, because I will walk with my people until my Mother returns the earth to our Trinity. Pray, uniting yourselves constantly with our Will. I bless you, I love you. I bless you in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 19 2016 - Jesus Christ
My people, my Blessing is for each of you. You are My people whom I carry on My Cross of Glory and Majesty. I urge you not to despise the voice of this Shepherd of souls. The human creation must focus on awakening from the reality in which you live. You deny the reality of humanity, man wanders the earth and, as an irrational being, rejects the truth of this time, which is dominated by vice, foul passions and dehumanization. Out of stupidity you deny that you are in the moment.... You do not see the prevalence of communism, which manipulates humanity in thousands of ways in disguise. With the slyness of a snake, it has penetrated all areas, oppressing nations, scourging them, and this, together with Freemasonry, forms a great union between the tentacles and the head of the great dragon that will bring forth the antichrist. My beloved people, Freemasonry has flooded my Church from strategic positions in its hierarchy; it has corrupted those who, not belonging to Freemasonry, are weak and enter into the temptation that offers subordinate positions or money not to serve my interests, but the interests of the elites who manipulate humanity and who are part of Freemasonry. My children must listen to my voice that calls them not to continue living as if everything is fine when humanity is in chaos. Yes... It is in chaos, denying me as God and allowing the devil to penetrate your hearts.... It is in chaos, forbidding My faithful to wear sacramentals and allowing those who have surrendered to Satan to build statues and pay homage to him. You are in chaos for the earth shaking, foreshadowing to you the prelude to the great earthquakes foretold for mankind. You are in chaos for allowing abortion, which is one of the worst aberrations for which this generation will be judged with greater severity. The confusion in humanity is great, you accept sin and reject good. I come so that you may save your soul, so that you may be renewed inwardly with the Splendid Spirit and allow Me to enter to transform you. Each of you, my children, must grow, you must be more aware of your spiritual condition, of the sins that you commit and that cling to you, causing you to act mechanically through repetition, not seeing them as wrong actions and great impurities with which you soil your soul. Do not believe those who tell you that everything is fine, they want to lead you to fall into sin so that you lose your soul. You must get to know me, like a plant needs sap to survive. You forget Me in order to bind yourselves to what is earthly, to what is worldly, you seek evil feelings plagued by lies, because you are under the yoke of the tentacles of evil. My people are drawn towards what is worldly, you seek Me outside yourselves, in technology and in the influence of the evil that is subject to you, and there you will not find Me. You must go within yourselves, become aware of the senses you have and use them properly, so that you can perceive the world properly. My beloveds, you should approach me with a true desire to live in unity with my House. Instances plunge man into ignorance, but at the same time spirituality develops with man to bring him to the awareness of a very personal decision that has been left in the power of some who do not want my children to evolve. Those who need me to unite with me do not find guidance or the necessary support, but must turn away from the worldly so that my Holy Spirit can guide them, because these paths, I say sadly, have been relegated to a bygone era. The human creature should use its intelligence to go beyond what the physical senses can give it, to be able to live in microcosm, to understand that what it conceived of as union with my House must be expanded to open the way to the newness of spiritual life and approach to my Will. My representatives on earth must bear witness to my Love and must not be a cause for scorn, must not be part of Satan's spectacle at this time. I am God and there is no other besides Me. I call you to my Love and to be a reflection of that Love of mine; ideologies call you to kill your brothers and sisters, without any mercy. Forms of modernism have been created by those who rule humanity and desire your destruction, My children. I need my people to see deeply, to search for sin, to find out how sin is masked. Do not imitate modernism, it is nothing more than a mirror of those who lead you from darkness into submission to evil. This elite has taken to sowing terror among humanity; all the time they are throwing death on my innocents, on my Christian children, with great atrocities that surprise people. The 'rational' man is a great predator of nature at this time. The acts of this generation are shameful, mocking me, suggesting that everything that has been proclaimed has happened before and that we live on. Those who do not look objectively at the sequence of all the events of nature and the foolishness with which man acts are under a delusion, partly because mankind does not believe in me and, wanting to conform to fashion, you deny that I am your Lord and your God. My people, you are at a moment of decision, either you will continue to crawl like a snake on the ground, attached to the novelty of this world.... Or you will make a strong decision to be different and live in the interiority of constantly seeking me.... Children, you need the courage to engage in life in a more heavenly way. My people, creation is groaning because of the destruction you have caused and continue to cause; you have taken possession of nature, devastated it, and it is reclaiming from man what he has usurped. Most of the geography of the earth will be transformed, the waters of the seas will penetrate the earth. My children must anticipate what their rulers do not mention for fear of the truth. High technology will lead to major confrontations that will add to those already existing between the great powers, and so a series of events will be triggered at sea that will be part of the dreaded Third World War. The fire is moving through space and toward Earth with great speed; it is coming against all human injustice, which with its evil actions attracts purification from outside like a magnet that will cause it pain. Some of my children reject these calls of mine, and this is because it is not pleasant for them to hear about the causes of their own sin. It is true that thousands of children are starving to death in the world, in what you call a 'globalized' world. This is speaking to you with objectivity and truth. Will you judge my calls as negative because of this? Or will you say that it is apocalyptic for me to mention the death of innocents due to famine or war? When this Apocalypse was created by man himself! I urge you to reflect honestly. Others will tell you that they are sent by my House and will not insist on a change of life related more to spiritual ascension, so that you will be a better person, with greater sensitivity to creation, especially to man, the child of God. Do not listen to those who speak to you in their own names, remember that he who is called by me invites people to me, not to himself. No one is greater than his Lord. Pray, my children, pray for Brazil, she will suffer in her land, this nation will weep. Pray, my children, for the United States, its thirst for arrogance is unsatisfied; the plague is coming, its land is badly shaken, its people are moved, the upheaval will not be delayed. Pray, my children, pray for Venezuela, these children of mine do not find peace, they are engaged in betraying each other. Pray, my children, the earth continues to shake strongly, foreshadowing great geographical changes. Pray my children, social upheaval is increasing, man is awakening to oppression, great powers will be destabilized. Pray, danger to mankind is approaching from space and vibrating strongly, shaking nature and exercising over man the most unexpected form of action and activity. My beloved people, abide in unity with my House, do not reject my requests that you resist the devil with greater strength. Temptation exists; the wise man is the one who goes and changes when he falls. The prudent man is the one who repels the human ego to give himself the opportunity to live in greater union with Me. He who does not suffer is not walking the right path. Be beings of peace, do not impose yourself by force, but by witnessing that I dwell in you. Humanity must look where it is going. I offer you My constant protection ... My legions are watching you to guide you on the right path. Do not look for me far from you, I dwell in every person. Do not forget that I am within your sight, call upon me, look to me, find me. Discern the reason for the purification of a people who renounce their King.... This King is waiting to receive you and welcome you without delay. Come to me and the way will become bearable, the truth will illuminate your path. My Mercy is not exhausted, come, repent and take up anew the truth of My Word. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 23 2016 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, may my maternal blessing be a balm for each of you, guiding you to reflect in these moments as you celebrate the birth of my Son. In silence, discover the voice that guides you, which you do not hear when you are distracted. You cannot live in inner silence if you do not seek these moments alone with God. The Father's house explains His will to you, and you do not listen to Him because you remain in constant noise. Beloved children, save your souls! Save your souls with the awareness of eternal life, with enthusiasm and vigilance in your work and action moment by moment. The Divine Light that was present in the Ark of the Covenant, on Mount Sinai, in the manger and on the Cross, still stands before each of you, children. In front of sinners and saints, in front of those who do not believe and in front of those who do believe, in front of the foolish and the wise, the Divine Light is alive. In Divine Love, the one who asks receives, and the one who is wise does not stop seeking my Son; he remains alert, looking at the signs, does not close himself in his shell, but supplies himself with the Divine Word, in order to be penetrated and moved by that light of the Holy Spirit which comes to give itself in silence. Beloved children, the wise man knows the path he is to follow, and even if he does not know its end, he continues his pilgrimage full of humility toward the encounter with my Son. You know the purpose of your mission, you must return the earth into the hands of the Creator and become those who deserve eternal life. At the moment you are swarming with proud people who, thanks to their knowledge and intelligence, think they possess everything from above. No, children, you must love God, knowledge is a step to understanding and union with Heaven, but knowledge is not a sign of faith and holiness. You are called to humility, but not to ignorance, because at the moment there is a proliferation of those who have given themselves over to Satan and are working to magnify the great spiritual holocaust of humanity. How many innocents are dying! How many innocents are dying because of starvation, terrorism and the terrorism of abortion that their parents agree to! You should remember this at this time and honor my Son for those who do not honor and love Him, and who do not respect Him in many ways. Dear children, you do not hear the voice of God because you live in noise, you do not hear your traveling companions because you live in noise.... You are protected by your defenders, appointed by the Eternal Father.... And you do not think of those servants of God who free you from greater evils. The ignorance of the people of my Son is such that you do not cross the boundaries, you do not turn to your guardians to guide you with your consent, asking them not to abandon you at any time. Children, call upon me! ... I am the Mother of God and the Mother of mankind. Man is a sinner, but you do not have to live in sin. Rise up, believe in this Mother and in the revelations through which I have called you and continue to call you. Live as true children of my Son, in humility, adoring Him, entering into union with Him. Be beings open to the power of God, to the greatness of God, and accept my Son, for in Him you will find the plan of Salvation and be part of that Salvation. Humanity, you do not want to penetrate into union with God! My Son remains with you. At this moment, meet once again with the Lord of time and space. Be aware of the greatness of my Son's birth, from which His incarnation cannot be separated, nor His devotion on the cross. So infinite is the Father's love. And mankind limits itself to what is superfluous, to the fact that it does not seek the essence of every event, of every Divine Word, and out of convenience. At this moment, your brothers and sisters are suffering from so many Herods who persecute the people of my Son, who find joy in killing children without feeling any remorse for it. So many Herods who have given themselves into the hands of the enemy of the soul and who are selling out the Church of my Son! So many Herods who, with their economic power, destroy the health of peoples, starve large populations, infect the food of nations, create new diseases, and maim the innocent! These are the Herods of this time, those who work in high places without opening their mouths, lest they be discovered. You, my children, worship and atone for such cruelty to mankind, for the faults against God's Law, for the laws enacted among the nations that are contrary to God's Will, atone for the blood shed in acts of terrorism. My children, draw near to those who do not have and share your bread every day; give food to the needy, but share it with the love of a true child of God. Pray, my children, pray for those who seriously offend the innocent in the name of God. Pray, my children, pray this Christmas Eve for the suffering and persecution of Christians. Pray, my children, pray for Europe. She weeps, she does not smile, she grieves for the contempt of her brothers who viciously attack each other. Pray, my children, pray for the Church of my Son, which is shaken. Rome is downcast and fearful. By accepting evil to guide the destiny of mankind, man has grown up with a deformed knowledge of his own suffering. Man uses for evil the gifts he has received from God, and these gifts disappear because of evil conduct; thus, evil penetrates the human being who accepts it, and fills him with everything that is contrary to good. Therefore, dear children, fill creation with the good that is born from your souls, be creatures of peace, be kind offerings not only this night, but every moment of your life. Pray... And in silence make reparation before my Son for the harm that your brothers and sisters do to mankind itself. Pray my children, and wherever you are, be a comfort to your brothers and sisters who are suffering at this moment because of nature, which does not wait, but wants you to react. Angels sing the glory of God ... And on earth my children are suffering. I bless you as the Mother of each of you. I want you to be born to new life, aware of what it means to be my child. Receive my maternal blessing, do not be separated from me, I am leading you to eternal life. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 30 2016 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of my people, you are my people, whom I desire constantly to have at my side, you are my children, upon whom I look every now and then with a glance of mercy. For you the firmament shows its magnificence, every night the vault of heaven is covered with stars, and with the light of the sun the day marks a new beginning for you. All these bounties are for each of those who are mine, except that most do not realize what greatness surrounds them. Man is unaware of what hangs from the vault of heaven, so that he not only looks, but thinks and reasons in the power of our Trinity, which created everything that exists, because the origin of everything is divine. You, my people, exist; you are real and remain in reality, which can be external and incomprehensible or internal and comprehensible. Every human being has knowledge. Keeping it static is everyone's duty, just as multiplying it and keeping it dynamic and growing is the duty of every human being. My children cannot make knowledge a generator of useful thoughts if they keep their minds attached to what is sinful, mundane, superfluous, to pride.... Reason in a spiritually barren person, with thinking limited to what he is told, is a dry reason that does not bear fruit. I invited you to knowledge, not only of me, so that you would love me, but to knowledge of everything around you, of the moment in which you live, of what is happening in the world; so that the mind would manage to lead you to live with an inner awareness of the result of every step a person takes. Some of my friends want to live only by experiences, not knowing that experiences are not the basis of faith. I urge them to obey. Deepen your knowledge, watch over your senses, so that the Holy Spirit will enlighten you and immerse you in the knowledge enlightened by our will! I love you, and your suffering is not distant to me, so I keep calling you, but you are still blind, you do not listen, you do not learn from your pain. You do not know my Word, you are rebellious children and do not see the great effort of Satan to destroy my people, you rise up against the true law. The Decalogue is not the invention of man, it is the Will of God. Evil has claimed important victims. Among them some of My consecrated sons, to lead My people towards the abyss. Children, because of ignorance of God's Will, you are kept in constant coming and going, going from one side to the other, until you anchor yourself in disobedience, being followers of evil. At this time, as in the past, I must warn you that there are many who betray me, who, by embracing what is worldly, give my children over to evil, and my people surrender because of ignorance of my Word. An examination of conscience is necessary for each of mine, so that you are not among those who betray me, denying my indwelling in man, denying my real presence in the Eucharist, denying the existence of evil, denying sin, calling it development. This, my children, is painful for me, because to work and act outside of my Law means a painful path for man. They are betraying the Faith, attacking the Eucharist and my Mother, who keeps the devil from taking over my Church. My children, in your zealous desire to seek, you cling to sin, indulging your basest instincts. I have been betrayed, I have been betrayed by my representatives on earth. And my children, ignorant of my Word, without wisdom and knowledge, deny me in their every act and work, deny my Truth, without knowing my Love, deny my Word that calls them to holiness. These are not moments like those of the past, this is a moment of moments, this generation swings according to the compass of those who accept it and those who do not. For humanity, my great truths are but a whisper, what is mine you turn into nothing. My beloved people, you doubt My Word ... So I also doubt you. You have been participants in the confusion of your brothers and sisters, living in lukewarmness, which does not lead to spiritual growth, but to the excessive continuation of the complacency of the senses, which are abused and tainted. The immediate is what has been pointed out. It pains me to see some of my consecrated ones who treat the Eucharistic celebration as a meaningless ritual; they do not live out their priesthood, but enter into it like any other profession. This lack of love for me is transferred to my people, and they turn out more and more against me, falling into the hands of the worldly spirits that dwell in some of their brethren, forming terrorist groups and acting with great cruelty, anger and flooding themselves with particular evil. Do not forget that evil comes to destroy, and where there is no unity, destruction is tangible. Dear children, my people, terrorism has grown like sea foam; some human creatures act on the principle of imitation. The number of my faithful is diminishing every moment, due to their lack of openness to experiencing the proximity of my Truth and my Love. The world is teeming with multitudes of fallen angels who seek souls for Satan; do not be unreasonable, do not resist my requests. They have fallen to the ground that is fertile for evil. The life of the ruler will be taken by human hands that have made a pact with evil. You are living in a moment of trial, be assured that you will remain in what is my Will. The lukewarm will be vomited out of my Father's mouth. Betrayals between nations will astonish the world. But my people are protected by me; I am who I am. Pray, my children, pray for the Middle East, the war will not be delayed. Pray my children for the United States, it will be shaken in its land and by those who betray it. Pray my children, the earth is shaken without ceasing. Pray for Mexico, pray in the practice of My Word. Mexico will be cleansed. The great volcano is awakening, and humanity is concerned. My beloved ones, when the antichrist appears, my Angel of Peace will come to assist my people, for from his mouth will flow the truth for my people, and faith will be taken up again by my children. Penetrating my love, humanity would not suffer what it is suffering and will suffer. Come quickly, come to me. You begin the cycle of spiritual truth. Take possible precautions.... Trials in faith are beginning. You are not alone, I am with each of you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

