January 03 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I hold you in My hands, in the comfort of My Love you can take refuge. Your ways are not My ways, you do not understand the essence of My call, because you are not aware of the reality in which humanity lives. Egoism preys on man and makes his discernment, thinking and Heart atrophy so that he does not look beyond his interests. My beloved nation, my Church will suffer to the depths of minimizing the effects of sin on man. Divisions are increasing, modern trends - the fruit of acquiescence to sin - are fostering promiscuity, which is leading my children far from my Will to perdition. I am greatly pained by the sacrileges carried out in some churches that house the relics of saints and martyrs who gave their lives for this Church, and You scourge me and crown me with thorns, when I see rock groups and youths turning my Churches into places of perdition, I feel great sorrow and shock at the acquiescence of these acts on the part of my consecrated sons. My Church will be purged by man himself in his quest to exalt human power above my divinity. The division in my Church will grow until the weight of errors will stop the evil that is developing in it, which will be witnessed by humanity, seeing with amazement what my people ignore. My real presence in the Eucharist is denied by those who do not believe in the miracle of the Transubstantiation, and my children will not be able to receive me. This will be the time when Mine will be gathered in My Name, gathered by those who, in fulfillment of their priestly promises, call upon them to receive Me. The wait has been long because of the requests of my Mother and my children, who pray for all mankind. The firmament will be darkened for a short time, do not be afraid, my children, do not be afraid. My people, Satan is touching you to make you lose your peace; you must pray to abide in what I have asked you to do, namely, to serve my Will and not the petty interests of those who sometimes want to buy consciences with money. At the moment, mankind is breaking out into a hubris that denies that it is a creature created by God. Man carries on his shoulders an 'ego' with which he exalts himself and likes to trample on his brothers and sisters, especially the humble and those who are my true and faithful instruments, whom the devil likes to mortify through man; therefore, you children must treat with justice and respect those who serve me, so that with prayer and fraternity you uphold those who have a great responsibility before our most holy Trinity, being the transmitters of our Will. Remember that an instrument is an instrument insofar as it is faithful to me, otherwise it is no longer an instrument, it is a human being like any other. I am the owner of all that they transmit, they do not own the truth, but 'I am who I am'. My beloved people, the waters of some oceans reveal what was submerged in the depths of the seas. When the earth shakes, new cracks open up and merge with other tectonic faults, causing movements of great magnitude, which are a grave danger and will make man suffer greatly. Pray my children, food is becoming scarce due to drastic changes in the climate. Pray my children, pray, the cold reaches the tropics. My people, do not go through life without fruit, do not be like the fig tree; conversion is urgent when the devil appropriates what is mine. Be vigilant, serious epidemics appear before mankind and attack the respiratory system, to which I urge you to use the needles of the Ordinary Pine, with great caution, in doses of no more than twice a day, in the form of tea. Beloved of my people, remain attentive, the economy is fragile and without the god of money man forgets that he is a man and becomes like an animal, so do not be among those who lose sleep over money and those whose greed drives them to foolishness and despair over worldly news about the economy, everything can fall except the faith of my people. Do not lose sight of the world powers, the smallest spark can trigger the beginning of a war, before the eyes of the world no power shows itself as it really is. You should prepare yourselves spiritually, consecrate yourselves, pray and act so that your brothers will fulfill the Divine Law, be missionaries of my Love. I bless you and cover you with my precious blood. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 14 2019 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless all people of good will who live in harmony with the Will of God. Beloved children, my Immaculate Heart beats for each of my children, for those who devote every moment to growing in love for God and neighbor, with the hope of giving back the earth to God as He gave it to man. Humanity will experience a purification in which it will be severely tested by evil; it will tempt it like never before, it will lead it to cruel instincts, trying to make you deny that you are a child of God. The pursuit of evil will reach its climax in order to lead my children to avoid the pain of this cruel moment, sacrificing themselves to the marked in order to obtain the benefits of those who will have everything necessary to live without needing anything. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, to be active in the love of my Son means to grow spiritually and surrender unreservedly to the Will of God. Witnessing is accomplished by working and acting in accordance with God's design; this is accomplished by those who live coherently, determined to be disciples of my Son. Man of himself cannot give what he does not have; he cannot pretend to be authentic if he has not first grown in spirit, been formed and strengthened in faith. The human creation must feel the strength, the security, the solidity, the incomparable love of the Holy Trinity for the disciples of the end times, in order to be filled with the same faith, and thus they will not be crushed by the fears, horrors and persecutions that are now and will be in the future. My children, nations will be embroiled in great uprisings and endless revolutions, people will not know where to go and will be even more confused; there will be a force of people who, with ideas that are modern and encouraging in a worldly sense, will want to fill the inner void with extreme modernism that is not God's Will, and my children will wander from country to country in search of what they cannot find. The emanation from the eruption of the super volcano will create a cloud of gases that will prevent the sun from penetrating the earth, and this will cause a greenhouse effect, temperatures will drop so much that the cold will cause many deaths in tropical countries. Moving from one country to another will be impossible and mankind will feel that its progress is useless. You, my children, do not lose faith, what man will not be able to do, Divine omnipotence will do. I urge you to pray for China before its power spills over to humanity. Pray for Mexico, its land is shaking and my children are suffering, and along with that country the United States and Canada will suffer. Pray for my children of Jamaica; it will be scourged by nature. Puerto Rico will be tested again, but not to the extent that people are predicting to alarm you. I encourage you to pray for each other; you must not allow in yourselves feelings that are contrary to the love of God and man. My words: 'in the end my Immaculate Heart will triumph' have not been understood.... Mankind will have to realize that calling oneself a Christian is more than a name, it is eternal Salvation when one works and acts consciously within the framework of the Divine Law, which calls on all my children to be love in the midst of the misfortunes in which you will see the Church of my Son, surrounded because of the betrayals to which it has been subjected and which will lead it to complete renewal according to God's Will, not man's. From pain and persecution, the Church of my Son will go on to find the door of glory, completely devoted to Divine Love, not to what you call 'love of God' at the moment. Some say they love God, yet Divine Love is something completely different, it is the union of man with his Creator. Divine Will will triumph and all creatures will live in it, and peace will prevail among all people. The Kingdom of God will triumph 'on earth as in heaven' and my children will live joyfully in true love. But now, my children, you must pray and act, for you have not been cleansed of everything. Against my children are plotting whitewashed tombs, scholars feel that they possess God's truth and therefore take justice into their own hands. Do not be afraid, children, for this Mother keeps you constantly vigilant and defensive, so that evil does not take hold of you. Beloved children, do not hold back, Heaven is notifying you in advance of events, so that you may prepare yourselves and come to God in humility. Do not reject this revelation of Mine, on the contrary, pray and act for your brothers and sisters. You will not continue to live in the same way, learn to share in a brotherly way, because you will live in community to protect yourselves from the evil that possesses many of my children, and my Heart bleeds for them. Do not be among those who wait, but those who come to the Divine Love of the Most Holy Trinity, offering their service to God for the triumph of God's Will on earth. My Love is with all my children, you are those who accept or reject it. I call upon you in the name of my Son. My blessing is upon you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 16 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I carry you in the palm of My hand so that you do not go astray, but even so, some of you leave it and go away to stain yourselves with evil. Living according to my Will is wonderful, learn to find pleasure in correct living, finding fruits that lead you to eternal life and delight for the soul when goodness remains in human creation. On the streets of some cities, however clean they may seem, at some point you will find something that is not pleasing to you; it always happens that a brother disobeys the rules and makes the place ugly. The same thing happens when you move away from my Will, when you walk in it, you feel good and everything is manageable, but when the 'ego' appears, which has not been directed to the right path, it blurs the good intentions and a storm comes, creating disasters and removing even what you thought was well established in you. My beloved people, the current conditions are not ones in which to wait for inner change. The devil lurks more than at any other time, fiercely attacking my children to convince them to turn away and renounce me, possession by evil is therefore more frequent but less recognized. I encourage you not to reject this revelation, it is food that does not end, so that you children see the signs and signals. I warn you to understand, comprehend and put into practice your understanding, thus limiting the free will that makes you think you can come out unscathed without me. My beloved people, the Law was not given for you to persist in debauchery.... The law was given for you to fulfill it, not to do what you want. I call upon my people to live in goodness, not to deprive themselves of it. I call upon you not to covet inferior things because of the misuse of the human will.... I call upon my people to live by the higher things, the spiritual ascent which you fear because you do not see it. My Kingdom is a Kingdom of glory; it is not a Kingdom of the dead, but of the living who listen, who look, who proclaim, who recognize Me and know that they are My children and I am their Father. My people, how many exhortations have you received, how much teaching have you received, so that you may be sensible, how much knowledge have you received, so that you may be an adult and educated child, and not ignorant! My beloved people, the earth not only acts as a magnet for the benefit of man, but this magnet can attract towards the earth some celestial body traveling through the universe and approaching the earth. Humanity is not unaware at this time of the changes or events that may befall the earth and that have already been foretold by me, by my Mother or by my beloved Saint Michael the Archangel. The magnetic field of the earth has entered the process of final change and therefore the protective influence on the earth has weakened, exposing humanity to loss of scientific progress and unprecedented technological regression. Children, I urge you to take into account that you will go through various major climate changes, you will experience several climate changes in one season. Man has caused serious damage to nature, he has taken over nature without thinking about the future, and you want to repair this damage in an instant, but this is not possible, the moisture content of the soil has decreased, and because of this, what man sows does not bring the expected crops, so world hunger will increase, and water will become the most desired element by people. My children, at this time you cannot ensure a good harvest, because the climate is not stable or ultimately predictable. In the face of these events, man will be subject to changes in the states of mind of his brethren for fear of not having the basis for survival. Man, sensing a threat to his livelihood, changes culture, brotherhood, love, morality and even religion to ensure his survival. My people, most of you have not worked directly for such destruction of the planet, but not all of you have acted to stop this destruction. The great nations, while conducting nuclear tests on Earth, altered tectonic faults near the places where they conducted said tests, and these faults altered others nearby in certain layers of the Earth, while causing more heat toward the center of the Earth, which warmed up more than at other times. Evil has long worked hard and carried out its plans to make this generation subject to the product of the power of evil. You know well that humanity is involuntarily subjected to the dome of economic power, which directs the fate of countries, ordering immorality, debauchery, great famines in various countries in order to reduce the world population. Diseases of the past are regaining strength, and this is because they have been upgraded in some laboratories. Such is the manipulation in which you live, my children, so much so that you will experience with great surprise the announcement that will shake my Church and make the false prophets differ in their predictions. My people, have faith in Me, I will not give you stones for bread, I will not say to you, 'here I am,' and I will not put you before evil. I am your Lord, and before me every knee bends. You belong to the owner of the vine, you are my children, and you must draw near to me, not only by praying with words, but by remaining in my Love, under the discernment of my Holy Spirit. Degeneracy has taken hold of a large part of humanity, and in some it has happened out of ignorance, in others out of stubbornness, in others out of rebellion, and in the rest because they do not want to love Me and want to possess a power, a power that as human beings they do not possess, except when given to them by evil, to act against their brothers and sisters. Pray for the United States, their arrogance leads to pain unexpected, so this nation suffers severely by nature. Pray for India, nature is afflicting it. In your prayers do not forget my children of Calcutta, pray for them. Pray for each other and quicken your step. Persecution will not be delayed, my faithful are persecuted by those who do not love me and do not want me to warn them. I bless you, my beloved people. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 24 2019 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I am the Mother and teacher, the protector of mankind and the first disciple of my Son, therefore I come to each person to touch his Heart, so that he may keep his faith and safety in the protection of my Son, for I do not want you to lose your souls. My Son is Almighty, All-Powerful and All-Knowing, to Him the forces of evil submit, therefore whoever accepts my Son in faith and abides in Him, keeping the law, the sacraments, the works of mercy, receiving my Son in the Eucharist and giving himself to his neighbor, will encounter not an easy path, but the strength to rise after every fall. My children persist in faith, waiting for what has not yet come, but seeing the acceleration of events that indicate to them that this is a period of great events and fulfillment. They want to see these events to ascertain the truthfulness of Heaven's words, and when they are faced with these events, they ask to leave because of their severity. My Son's people will face the harshness of experiencing extreme climates, a product of the sun's strong activity on earth. Extreme cold will not be coming for long, and my children from countries with high or tropical temperatures should prepare for it. Those who want to minimize events will say that everything has a scientific cause as a result of man's devastation of nature, and this is partly true, but not all changes come from man's actions on nature. You should know that the changes in the sun are stronger and affect some people in their work and actions, cause serious diseases in the human body, and at the same time the heat increases in nature itself. Science will not be able to stop the progression of the negative effects of the sun on the earth and its inhabitants, nor the melting in the polar regions, which will cause serious flooding in coastal areas. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, it is necessary for mankind to regain the awareness that God is everything to man. Mankind has gone astray, choosing the easiest path, not listening and submitting to the one who will become an oppressor to man himself, will become an oppressor of all. The swindler presented himself with great eloquence, he managed to remain unnoticed in the eyes of humanity, pretending to be humble and submissive. You do not know, my children, the extent of the hatred that feeds the heart of the antichrist; his thirst for destruction and death is unlimited, he possesses the power that in due time will be given to him by entire nations, which he will then persecute without truce until he annihilates them in his lust for power. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, it is necessary for you to know my Son and to love eternal life. Man has sought knowledge for his own not-so-glorious purposes. You have not understood that true knowledge is shared by those who seek my Son in order to discover the state of inner happiness that comes from the conviction of love for God, the One and Triune. The desire to know my Son for petty purposes is not worthy of my children, and you will not reach the depth of true happiness that comes from knowing my Son, so that the soul is guided by true happiness and is an extension of my Son's love on earth. You must strive for the greatness of truth, and you will find this by living in the Will of God, being spiritually wise, and true wisdom is truth. You do not know how to find the beauty of the soul, and you lose yourselves in the poverty of passivity. It is true that not all human beings are the same, some stay in monasteries, others devote themselves to prayer, but even in such states you do not gain the beauty of the soul in inner passivity, but in a constant search for an encounter with my Son and this Mother. Therefore, my children, he who watches is constant, and in order to be constant and persevering, you must be active internally, constantly seeking the truth, and the truth is in God's Will. Do not beg for what you have as heirs, go without fatigue, go without staining yourselves with the mud of what is worldly and sinful, do not be led astray, be righteous in your work and actions. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, evil is setting traps for you to break the fidelity you have offered to my Son, so be wise and recognize evil. Children, pray for the countries that are suffering oppression at this time. Children, pray for your brothers and sisters who will have to face the fury of nature and the madness of man himself. Pray for Mexico. Pray for Switzerland. Pray for Chile. Children, pray for Italy, anxiety is gripping the country. Children, pray, Vesuvius awakens and terror grips my children. Children, pray, peace is in danger. My Son is pouring out His merciful love all over the earth, so that those who wish may receive it and begin a new life. I grieve that this love of my Son is not known by all people and that therefore He is not truly accepted. You say that you are changing, but this change lasts only a 'blink of an eye'.... Sin trumps good intentions.... You, my children, be Love, as my Son is Love. I bless you with my Heart burning with love for each of you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 28 2019 - Jesus Christ
I am the Lord of time... This is the moment of the beginning of the lament of My people.... And my people is all mankind. My beloved, if you had faith like a mustard seed.... if you had faith, you would not be driven to despair, nor would you accept that what mankind is experiencing is part of the work of evil on man. The proud say that everything is fine, while the majority of humanity is drifting; they fall from one extreme to the other, and because of this they are lenient towards what is wrong, easily moving on to what is forbidden. Wheat becomes tares; when the tares are woven into the wheat, it is no longer the same. The tares force their way into it, so that the wheat does not bear fruit, so that it does not shine. I came into the world so that man would not cease in his quest for conversion, so that converts would not be content with their condition, but would stand firm and abide in the faith, so that they would not fall from temptations and trials. My beloved people, my Church has been invaded by the tares that some of mine have introduced into it, allowing my people to falter when they are called upon to follow a path that I have not intended for them. My Church has been invaded by those who hide within it to commit terrible sins, at the sight of which my Heart bleeds. My Church is heading toward schism because of the continued transgression of My Law by some of those I call My favorite sons, My religious men and women, accepting what I have declared to be sin and to be abominable in My eyes. My favorite sons, who are faithful to My Law, to My Sacraments, remain fearful out of respect for these transgressors, like sheep to a wolf. My Law is Love, and my people must be led to my Love, not to human love, but to divine love, so that they may penetrate my Truth. My Love does not remain in me, but dwells in each of my children and works miracles in those who seek me with a contrite and humble heart. My Love is found in the expression of creation, which with its miracles reveals itself to you in all moments, making you participate in the greatness of the power of my divinity, but when one rejects the Divine Love of which creation is a participant, man becomes a strange human creature who does not transmit my Love, but destroys my creation. Creation is not only what surrounds you in nature, in the universe or in the elements; man is the total expression of our Trinitarian Love, and yet he does not exhale our Love; very many of mine commit sins and constant mistakes, exposing themselves to the damnation of their souls if they do not truly repent of them and do not set a very strong goal not to offend me again. These constant sins and constant sacrileges, which are taking place all over the earth through great and horrific sins such as abortion, which is a sin against the gift of life, accelerate the suffering of mankind. The premeditation on the part of those who intend abortion and their collaborators in such a great crime causes my tears to be shed on the ground, and nature reacts against man, likewise with the various sins that the devil has put in the mind of man and which man accepts, even if they are contrary to human nature. I see so many Herods who sign laws against the gift of life so that man is protected by human law and forgets the Law of God, these Herods who are servants of the world order that dictates the laws of mankind. All the angels in Heaven cry aloud: abomination, abomination! For every act against my Holy Spirit. Such grave acts of sacrilege force nature to act against those who act outside our Trinity, and our Trinity is Love. My people suffer when they go against God's Law, because they cannot force their brothers and sisters to participate in what they do not carry in their hearts. My people abhor Me and with cries against Me, anesthetized by the devil, shake their naked bodies in the streets. This is what the antichrist has sown, who, without showing himself in public, has come to dominate you, to make you depart from Me, to deprive you of Salvation. Wake up, children, wake up!!! Events are continuous, they do not wait, they reach one country and another. The earth is turning against man, it is not hard, but flows like water, and the water is throwing itself on the ground and my children are suffering because of it. The boiling of the earth's core comes out through volcanoes. Where there was no water, there will be water, and where there was water, there will be no water. Droughts will increase and floods will surprise man. The earth cracks and the sea sinks to then rise over coastal areas. Cold weather comes, my children suffer and I suffer because of it. Pray for my children, pray for Iceland, nature is fierce against it. Pray for my children, my Church will be surprised by some news. Pray for my children, pray for China, man will live in anxiety. Pray my children, pray, Spain will be surprised, death is coming. My beloved people, I am Infinite Love and at the same time Infinite Truth, who calls you to prepare yourselves, while the purification hangs over some countries and spreads to others. I am Infinite Love, Infinite Mercy, but at the same time I am pointing out to you the grave offenses that are a daily occurrence at this time. I am Infinite Mercy, and I call you to approach me with humility, to hear me; you are my children whom I love and for whom I sacrificed myself on my Cross of love. Do not reject my calls, look up, look up! Do not be afraid, come to Me and find My peace, enjoy My Love. I bless those who realize My Divine Love hidden in this call. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 002 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, in every beat of My Heart I find the pains that I suffer because of the ingratitude that mankind causes Me, just as in My Heart there is comfort for those who love Me and reparation for those who offend Me. I have warned my children all over the earth to be aware of their actions and deeds and the effects of vices and seductions on the human soul. I warned you of the presence of the devil, who is lurking for you to act contrary to human nature and commit acts of the most unimaginable meanness. You forget that all deeds and works will be judged, because you have a consciousness of the 'doctrine of good and evil' and free will, and therefore I have set before you the unspeakable joy of my House or the eternal pains of hell. I have called you to be apostles of my Love; an apostle knows that with only good intentions he will not be able to change himself or change his neighbors, but he must be a fulfiller of my Law, and then help his brothers and sisters with my own love and my own mercy, forgiveness, faith, hope, prayer and consistent commitment to the goals with which he has decided to surpass himself in spirit. I hear so many good intentions, but most stop there, good intentions, because they are so inconsistent; therefore, few have the necessary inner strength to succeed in being yeast of my Love. My people, the teaching of doctrines contrary to faith, contrary to My teaching, is spreading. May you be beacons by which to see the moments in which you live, and do not deny what you cannot deny, so that you may be attentive to improvement and not be intimidated by those who, pretending to be great scholars, impose upon you norms contrary to My Law. I call on you to abide in prayer and to practice it with your brothers and sisters, so that Satan will not have power over my children, because I am coming with my Judgment and no one will escape my Hand, because I will find all those who have not obeyed me, who have corrupted my innocence. Therefore, you must change, you must repent and commit to repentance at all times. Everyone had the opportunity, I gave it to all of you, so that you would not be lost and would have time to repent, but you despised it, you accepted evil as a staff on which you rely to go. Don't expect much time, because offenses against our Trinity are the worst, most abhorrent and heartrending that a person can agree to hurt us. The devil usurps hearts and leads them to issue norms that are against Me, which I warned you about and which you see before your eyes. My faithful see them; those who do not love me see no evil in anything, but I will come when they least expect it. My beloved people, you are heading for the abyss, yet you seem to be living in safety, you have abused My Mercy and I will not allow it again. Remember what happened in Sodom and Gomorrah, so with lightning, thunder unbearable, lightning never seen, unstoppable and strong winds carrying fire with them, so this generation will suffer more than Sodom and Gomorrah, because the crimes of this generation surpassed all previous generations. You see me as one who has no power on earth and you have emptied the human heart of my Love. You will feel an insatiable thirst and it will be a thirst for My Word in your midst. Repent, repent of the atrocities that a large part of this generation is committing, the abominations that will increase by the will of those who have decision-making authority on earth; city after city will fall into terrible sins and it will be a great triumph for all to raise their hand against the innocent. The devil whispers in man's ear and urges him to act, raising his hand to kill; this is the culture of death, the devil's madness, which will not soon come for mankind. Pray children, pray for Germany. Pray children, pray for Chile, it is suffering greatly. Pray children, pray for the ravages of nature in the United States. Pray, children, pray for Cuba, that its people will convert. Pray for Ecuador, for it is shaking. My beloved people, blood is flowing in various lands; without listening to My commands, man goes senselessly through life, causing harm to himself. I call upon you to renew your love for our Holy Trinity and for my Mother; it is urgent that spirituality be the hallmark of my faithful people. Because I am all mercy, I do not deny you forgiveness, but you must come to me with heart, mind, thought and all your senses directed toward the goal, without sinning or participating in those who offend me; you must be faithful and do works of mercy, resolve to grow in love of your neighbor and be merciful, without losing hope, so that faith remains strong. My people, you are the pupil of My eye, and forgetting this, you are preoccupied with worldly things and easily fall into the mire of the darkest and most terrible sins. Therefore, I call upon you to be faithful to Me, to listen to My Mother, to properly fulfill My Law. The goodness of my Love will not delay in the midst of great calamities; I will amaze you with the wonders of my Love for my faithful people. My Angel of Peace will come to renew your lost hope. My Mercy will be poured out in abundance upon those who surrender to Me without reservation, upon those who repent and convert, upon those who do works on behalf of their brothers and sisters to save their souls. I am your God, and I provide eternal life for those who keep the faith. Do not stop, do not look at the falsity of human promises, do not pervert the Law of God, respect the gift of life, do not let families be overcome by evil. Speak to me! I am in you... seek me in the Tabernacle! ... If you are in tribulation, seek me, call on my Mother, she is Queen and Mother; go to your guardian angels, to my saints to intercede for you - you are not alone.... Come to me! I bless you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 08 2019 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you all, I love you all, for you are all my children.... In the time of man, you are witnesses that everything is happening, but you are not aware that it is happening with great speed. My Son, the Lord of all things, has allowed the earth to speed up its course, so that His people will approach the fulfillment of what is expected. As your Advocate, I raise the hand of the Father, imploring Him to continue to give you opportunities so that you will not be lost and so that your souls will be saved, but the stubbornness of man ignores the opportunities and calls of the Father's House. I have traversed eras, gone from country to country, from people to people, warning you because I love you; few listen to me, others are completely skeptical, and still others follow the revelations of all the beloved tools of the House of the Father and are confused and do not know what to do and where to go. I have come to draw your attention because events keep repeating themselves; nature exerts its power on the earth, so that man carefully observes its power - the power of nature, but man is afraid the moment he faces suffering, and when that suffering passes, he stops calling out to the Father, stops calling on my Son, stops calling on the Holy Spirit and stops asking for my intercession, because when he is free from difficulties, we are no longer needed.... This spiritual reality, in which the man of this generation lives, is sad, and that is why he is decomposing more every moment, accepting the great innovations of so-called liberation, which offers you evil, offers you liberation from sin and freedom in all areas of life. The man who has not yet understood that in order to follow my Son, he must renounce himself, his desires, his appetites, embraces all the debauchery that evil has disguised as freedom. I see my children falling one by one into the clutches of evil, and that the people of my Son do not consider the words that the devil has spoken. He has unleashed his power against my children to wound my Immaculate Heart, because he knows that in the end my Immaculate Heart will triumph, and therefore he wants to crush my children, because he knows that I love my children, although they do not understand this, because it is easier for them to belong to the world and go with the majority who have been indoctrinated to follow falsehood, lies and reject the path of grace that leads to eternal life. How many come on Sunday to the holy Eucharistic Celebration, and for the rest of the week do not for a moment call upon the holy and divine name of my Son, and on that Sunday, unaware of what they are doing, they magnify their own condemnation as they approach the Eucharistic Table, the divine banquet, and receive my Son laden with sins for which they do not repent. How my Son suffers! They do not think, they do not feel the pain of my Son, because they make Him relive His Passion over and over again and all the way of the Sorrowful Passion. You must decide to change your life, although I hear many of my children say: 'those who are lost are lost, and those who are saved are saved,' but my Son, who is Infinite Mercy, and I, the Mother of that Mercy, are constantly looking at you, waiting for the word to come from you: 'forgive, Lord, forgive,' and my Son will receive you as the Father receives a newborn child. My children, please be careful! ... Antichrist walks in the world, acts in the world, moves his tentacles to confront you, offend and crush you, lead you to commit more sins, lead you to despair, destabilize you emotionally. He moves with all the tentacles he has to act against my children, and you do not react. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, oh how great is the suffering I bear in my Heart for this generation that escapes from the hands of my Son and the hands of this Mother like water between my fingers! You are accustomed not to think, not to discern, not to realize, not to ponder the consequences of your actions, because you walk en masse; in this way you have been collectivized so that the majority dominates and drags you along, but you - do you not think of eternal life or the sufferings of hellfire? - and I say this even against those who say that hell does not exist, that it is experienced on earth, but earthly pains are not comparable to hell, and the mercy of the Holy Trinity is infinite, but it is just and will forgive those who repent; it will not forgive those who voluntarily consent to sin in their lives and act against the Divine Laws. On this point you must be clear. O people of this generation! How you are constantly in rebellion! How many sins of my children will come to light, bringing great pain to the Church of my Son! How much sin is in the corridors of the churches, and I know that some of my children will say, 'Forgive them, Lord!' But you are temples of the Holy Spirit and.... How much sin do I see constantly in the corridors of your lives, when you do not love your brother, but above all, when you violate God's Law! Great alliances are being made in the world, and you forget the revelation that tells you that it is when great alliances are made that you will find yourselves closest to great tribulations. Children, you do not think of the Third World War because you see apparent peace, but the Third World War began some time ago and is advancing stealthily, from one place to another, inflaming people, fanning the flames of war. My children, with as much perseverance as you listen to the meteorological services when they warn you of great cyclones approaching your countries, prepare to save your souls! How many of those who perish lose eternal life! You must prepare materially, but before that.... Prepare yourselves in spirit! Come to my Son and live with Him in peace! I intercede for you, because you attach so much importance to the things of this world, and forget what is most important. Maybe it is because you have not heard in the homilies that you have a soul and what a soul is.... maybe because you have not been warned about the changes that will affect humanity.... But I, as sent by the Holy Trinity, come to you to warn you by the Will of God to discern in your life, in your daily work and actions, and to manage to save your souls. My children, how man despises life! How man has become an executioner, how it is that a woman agrees to kill her child!... Such is the Mercy of God, for which the Holy Trinity waited, so that the cup would not be completely poured over mankind, and yet man, considering himself God, kills a defenseless creature. Where is the Heart of man? I am not asking you about the mind or thoughts, but about the Heart of Stone, which has broken down in spite of itself. My children, reflect and let each of you be an advocate for this Mother. Take the word to your brothers and sisters, be courageous children. Speak of the merciful love of the Most Holy Trinity and of this Mother to those who, knowing this love, have chosen to renounce it in order to abide in the pleasures of the world and the flesh. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you will see the sun reborn, the sun of God's Will reborn and placed in the life of each of you to sustain you in times of need. Not all is misery, my Son is freedom, He is Love, He is freshness, He is the wind that blows and refreshes when the heat is overwhelming, He is crystal clear water that quenches thirst, He is infinite sweetness, even in the midst of sorrows. My Son covers you, cradles you in His arms, my Son is infinite fullness, so go to meet Him. I love you all, and I want to see you dressed in white, walking together with my Son without sin, and this is possible if you choose to live for Him. I bless your sacramentals, I bless the path of each of you and your families. I bless your Hearts and the Hearts of each of your loved ones. I bless all the sick, so that in sickness they may be able to find love when it is offered for the Salvation of souls. I bless those who are in tribulation, those who despair, that they may offer everything to God for the Salvation of souls and that they may look at life situations differently. As Mother, I bless you and through my Immaculate Heart I ask you to pray to my Son to send His Angel of Peace. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 14 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my open side has poured out blood and water for my Church.... Confusion causes division, and division is the cause of the schism that the antichrist wants to cause in my Church. The struggle between good and evil has not stopped, it is still in bloom. Evil is intensifying its strategies against my children, who, weakened by worldliness and clinging to the tentacles of evil, have become corrupted by debauched ideologies and their falsehoods. My people have created gods for themselves according to their own will, adoring them, debased by the depravities of evil against me. You persist in what is worldly and blasphemous, forcing me to look at what is blasphemous, mocking my Mother and making her a reason for derision among those who do not love me.... My children, I have borne the cross of each of you, I have carried it with your sins, and yet humanity minimizes it with such depressing notions that even My angels weep over it. You view My Passion as a spectacle, sidelining My Father's love for His children. How insulting I am to some of those who think they represent me! They exalt ideologies, man delights in the power to kill the defenseless and innocent. Thus, the devil, magnified by sins against the gift of life, now demands his spoils, which are the souls of those who pass the death sentence on the innocent. I am Mercy; the man who carries out plans against the gift of life is free, and in his freedom he is responsible for his judgments. My people, the closer you come to the fulfillment of the revelations that My Mother and I gave for the world, so that all people would repent and save their souls, the more strategies the antichrist uses against My children and My Mother's children, to doom them. The Holy Scriptures are forgotten, invalidated by some, and arbitrarily distorted by others, in order to belittle me as King and Lord of Heaven and Earth. You should believe in our Trinity and, as faithful children, open your consciences to understand that sin leads you to misery, to weariness, and that the devil does not offer you a state of constant joy, but subjects you to states of euphoria, so that you stain your souls and pollute your brothers and sisters. I will come to separate the wheat from the chaff, the good from the bad - the dung that did not serve as fertilizer, but soiled wherever it was found. But before that happens, from My House will come My Mercy, and from Heaven will come the light that all mankind will see, and which will form My Cross before the day of conscience. My beloved people, at this time it seems that man likes to see himself as one body, without being one. Not all love Me, not all obey Me, not all adore Me, not all worship Me, not all love My Mother, not all honor and revere Her. I see you consumed with evil thoughts that do not bring you any fruit, but you delight in those desires that the devil incites you to, because you have separated yourselves from Me. Believe, my children, believe! Not with weak faith, but with the mind.... I do not want faith without foundation, without inner life, without works, 'for as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead. My beloved people, be aware that - my Love is not an ideology.... my Love is not an expression.... my Love is not a modern trend.... my Love and my Word are the Way, the Truth and the Life. My beloved people, do not care about the affairs of this world, you are different, you love my Truth, therefore you experience and will suffer pain for not departing from my Truth. I have poured out blood and water for those of My children who, in confusion, choose the wrong path, clinging to promiscuity and error. My people, remain united, praying at all times, not forgetting that you must put your faith into practice toward your brothers and sisters. Be my own love. My beloved people, mankind is embracing so much progress, especially in technology, and I am showing you that mankind will be deprived of this technology. The earth has been martyred by man and by the great world powers, who have introduced the erroneous technology with which they have poisoned it. The earth has changed at its core, being susceptible and making man vulnerable to the sun. Beloved children, the social uprisings are not ceasing, they are intensifying, and the scourging of my children is continuous. Come to me, do not continue to deny me, do not insult my Mother, she is the daughter of my Father, my Mother and the Temple and Tabernacle of our Holy Spirit. I urge you to pray for the United States, it is very shaken. I call upon you to pray for yourselves, so that you are not lost in the faith. I call upon you to pray, the earth is shaking from one extreme to the other. My beloved people, do not turn away from me, my Mother constantly extends her hand before every person. My Angel of Peace is watching you and waiting in my Will to help my children. My Angel of Peace suffers from the denial of my own love and respect for me, suffers from the denial of my Mother's love. I do not abandon you, I stand by you, receive me. Do not forget that the devil has come to divide mine to be easy prey for him, for united they will not be able to overthrow them. Be my own love, forgive so that I may forgive you, be humble and merciful, so that with your witness you may be a reflection of my Love. My blessing is with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 20 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved in God, I invite you to be prepared to act in goodness, with free will directed toward God. Humanity is becoming more and more collectivized, and with this trend, evil dominates the majority of human beings. It is difficult for evil to attack people separately, so it unites them with the same evil predilections and the same sinful acts, so that humanity considers what is evil as good. People of God, man contains within himself the need for unity; evil takes advantage of this, convincing him to follow the majority in order to be accepted. In the process, man becomes confused, convinced by the leaders of the world, and acts gravely, offending the Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother. When the human creature sets out on the broad paths of worldly pleasures, these overwhelm him and cause him to disregard Divine calls. Humanity, enter into a relationship with God before the night comes, go under God's protection. Do not turn away from the Queen and Mother. Evil remains vigilant for you to get lost. These are the moments when the devil harasses a person to bring him close to himself; he saturates him with spiritual fatigue so that he succumbs to perversion, not only depraving himself, but also depraving his brothers and sisters. Children of God, do not be distracted or foolish, you are blessed with the knowledge of the revelations that our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother, the Blessed Virgin Mary, have given to humanity. This is the love of Heaven, so that God's people are not lost. Man's patience is put to the test. The Queen and Mother of Mankind upholds the Divine arm so that you have the opportunity to repent and more souls can be saved. Evil, knowing this, speaks to man, telling him that the time has passed and nothing has been fulfilled - lies and deceptions, so that you are lost. You are seeing the fulfillment of what has been foretold by Heaven before your eyes, and it is better for you not to want what is yet to come if you are not prepared. Our Queen and Mother and Mother of Mankind has turned to the Holy Trinity for God's mercy to flow down on humanity, and how do you respond? In rebellion - you do not repent of such great evil, but rejoice in it. Sacred Hearts are constantly grieved, human frigidity towards God limits spiritual ascent. And the demons, wanting to lead God's people to perdition, do not wait until they invade the minds of human beings, forfeited to the devil by breaking the Divine Law - repaying good for evil, being foolish, conceited and fond of attributing to themselves that they are the best before their brothers and sisters, being proud, arrogant, jealous beings. Ego, ego, ego... That is why I come to warn you. You know about nature and its changes, which are more drastic that you have not yet experienced. The earth will be in constant danger, relations between the West and the East will deteriorate, provocations will be mutual, until the coming of events lamentable for all mankind. The Church of Christ is not moving forward, but is retreating and tottering. A great earthquake will shake much of America and awaken other fault lines; the earth's movements are increasing; where it was not shaking, it is now shaking. This will be aimed at awakening the people who remain unchanged! Pray children of God, pray for the United States; the earth is trembling, and nature does not give truce. Pray, children of God, pray for France; terrorism is shaking it. Pray, children of God, pray for Mexico, which is shaking and its volcanoes are awakening. Pray, children of God, pray that the economy will take the predicted course. As God's messengers, we go to meet man, if you let us; we remain vigilant. Your guardian angels implore you to repent before evil completely confuses you and gives you stones instead of bread. You live according to the plans you lay out humanly, plans detached from God, with human feelings and the apparent awareness that what you believe is right, within the notions of the masses you follow. Not everything a person does is wrong, but.... Work and action are, for the most part, mechanical; it is almost impossible to distinguish one leg from the other, because one does not stop to discern, and thus falls into misery. God's plan is perfect - but man? Do those who call themselves children of God cooperate with this divine plan, or have they destroyed it? In order to cooperate with the divine plan, you must attract blessing and be a blessing, but your interests are different from God's interests. Evil has infiltrated man and made him the object of its plan, personal interests are in the foreground, not bringing happiness. Purify yourself, be a blessing in your life and that of your brothers and sisters, do not want to impose your preferences and pretensions, but act with understanding in all aspects of life, because life is a gift from God. Some show great knowledge, but fall constantly into human selfishness; Satan leads them to do so, and they constantly fall into petty things in which human ego, the desire for mastery, stands out, and this is not pleasing to God.... It is those who humbly offer their works and actions for the sake of their brothers and sisters, for the sake of the environment, for the sake of humanity, who increasingly manage to unite with God's plan. Those who do not have this goal impose on themselves, their egos appear and it becomes more difficult for them to grow spiritually. Be a blessing! Pray for the true tools I am protecting, do not be a hindrance to them, but a blessing and a help. Are you preparing for the Warning? I bless you, I protect you. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 26 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved children of God, as the Prince of the heavenly hosts, I am sent to make you think. You must quickly return to being children of our King. You must return with faith, hope and love, first for yourselves and then for your neighbors. The side of our King remains open to the view of his children, who are in constant confusion, not knowing where to go. Humanity is distracted by thousands of situations, conflicts, dangers, changes, projects, and because of this you have chosen to immerse yourselves in what you consider your rights and happiness, health and prosperity, triumphs and blessings. Children of our King, what are you entitled to? How it grieves me when I see how you reject our King! ... And I do not mean only those who do not love Him, but also those who, 'loving' Him, constantly hurt Him. Man has fallen in his development, refusing to recognize himself as a child of God ... What is mankind afraid of? Why has it removed our Lord and King from its life? Is it that you are afraid of the obligation to continue what you are currently rejecting? Is it because you are afraid of obligations, even if they are related to God's Mercy? O humanity, how many will be lost! How many of those who claim to have faith will sometimes lose it due to ignorance of the giver of life! You reject the truth in order to establish new concepts of society, family, tolerance, love and the fulfillment of God's Will.... Children of our King, you have decayed, you have decayed in truth and therefore you have decayed spiritually, having less ability at this time to solve what life presents to you. Man has lost the spirituality to stand firm in the faith, because his mind has been corrupted, altered, contaminated to the very root, and man, unprotected by his spiritual faculties, falls into a constant 'back and forth' like the waves of the sea; he acts according to inertia, automatically; he has become accustomed to being less sensitive, less rational, and to accept whatever proves most convenient for him, even if it goes against human nature itself. You want to find answers to what is unknown to you, and yet you will not find them, because they are not all love, but mistaken copies of what most have come to regard as love. You have become weak to live in unity with our King, you spurn Him and do not love our Queen, hence the detachment, hence so much schism, so much debauchery and the constant scourging that humanity faces and that you will face. You hear the voice of the one who fought and is fighting for the Kingdom of God, yet at this moment I see Satan happily leading human creatures down the path of perdition. Those of you who adore Satan: repent! For this sin causes spiritual leprosy and leprosy of the flesh, which will plague mankind. Do not believe, you are spiritually blind.... The battle between good and evil is not over, it continues to advance to overthrow the church of our King. Being spiritually blind, how are you going to lead your brothers? Being blind, you are leading the blind and both of you can fall into the abyss. You are sick and I must call you to healing so that you do not lose eternal life. Hold on to the truth, don't go astray, recognize when you have fallen and be doers of God's Law so that you can enjoy eternal life. Don't ally yourselves with ideologies; our King, Christ, is not an ideology, He is 'the Way, the Truth and the Life'. Take the path of conversion, it is urgent. Humanity is suffering and will continue to suffer, bearing its own torments. God's mercy calls you to repentance in order to receive you. Do not forget that you have the freedom to choose between the right path and the easy path of perdition. Pray as God's people for peace where pain provoked by man does not prevail at any time. Pray as God's people for one another, so that all will choose to make amends. These are not moments for the lukewarm to pollute the wheat with the pests of crises of faith, improper and forbidden innovations. Do not let your faith falter, turn away from the worldly, for the moment is coming when the living will envy the dead. What your eyes see is painful, what they will see will be heartrending, and what is coming for humanity carries the smell of death. You do not have to be learned, but be faithful to the Holy Trinity, loving our Queen, be human beings converted and convinced, entering into the knowledge of the truth and ready to be doers of God's Will. Do not trouble yourselves if you love in 'spirit and truth'; be defenders of the faith, be faithful to the Holy Trinity and your blessed Mother. We are your traveling companions, your defenders; we come to protect you when you let us, be aware of this. Believe and bless one another. Saint Michael the Archangel, servant of the One and Triune God, servant of the Queen of Heaven and Earth. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 04 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I call you to meditate on My Words, although the lack of awareness among some of My children obscures My calls. Therefore, I stand before mankind with My Love, My Mercy and My Justice. My Mercy sees a child of Mine who is repentant and has a firm purpose to improve, as if looking at him for the first time, offering him the best of My House. My mercy overflows towards a child who is truly repentant and ready not to offend me again. I am gentle and just at the same time. I do not want you to confuse My Mercy with impunity.... I will come and all my children will have judgment, every one. At the beginning of the Lenten season, my people are before my Mercy, and if there is adequate repentance in them, I will place you in my Sacred Heart, where you will draw strength to withstand what is coming upon humanity, amidst the foolishness of those who cause my Church to totter. Pray and entrust yourselves to my most holy Mother, who, as the gate of Heaven, constantly intercedes for each of my children, calls them, sustains them, so that they do not lose their way. Meditate and do not retreat from the evil that is spreading over my children, so that the demons with their snares do not suffocate them to the point that they despise the Salvation that I am offering them in a special way in this fast to save their souls. My Church is suffering, and how many are rejoicing in this suffering of mine! My Church is being undermined, woe to those who undermine it! Woe to those who are a hindrance to My children and lead them to the abyss or to suffering! My people, I call you to be strong, to resist, loving Me, not retreating, but testifying to My Love present in you. All My heavenly legions are coming to accompany My faithful Church, faithful to Me, faithful to the Holy Scriptures, faithful to the Divine Law, faithful to My teachings and behaviors. These are moments of being at the crossroads for those who love me and are observers of my Truth. Do not be afraid, do not retreat, continue to be witnesses of my Love, only then will you be able to move on. Those who are not witnesses to my Love will be confused and led down other paths that only lead to perdition. My Church is one in my Will, there are no different words in it, but one and only one Word, which is the Way, the Truth and the Life. Especially during this season of Lent, do not break down, continue to be faithful and love My Mother, accompany Her especially on My journey to Calvary. My people, you must be my own love. I encourage you to be new creatures, to put away the sin that leads you to spiritual death, to get rid of your old garments, to fight against that drunken 'ego' with which you hurt your brothers and sisters, with which you hurt those who are closest to you, and to me. Man forgets that with the judgment he judges, he will be judged, and with the measure he measures, he will be measured. Practice the deeds of mercy and perform them. Pray my children, pray for Mexico, it is suffering, its land is tottering. Pray my children, pray for the United States, its land is shaken and suffering from nature. Pray my children, pray for Italy, she is suffering, her earth is shaken. Beloved of my people, my Angel of Peace will bring you, my light; he will accompany you, pray for this. Reconcile yourselves with my House, I receive you with my Love. Be firm with yourselves, very firm, do not let yourselves be separated from Me. Live this fast ready to truly meet, in communion with my Love, my Truth, my Peace, fully aware that you are my children. Pray, sacrifice, let those who can, fast. Live in my peace. I bless you, I carry you in my Sacred Heart. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 10 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Children of God, I am the bearer of the blessing of the Most Holy Trinity, who desires 'that all men be saved and come to the full knowledge of the Truth.' As a prince of the legions of heaven, I ask you to fulfill yourselves as missionaries of God's Love, and that with this love you attract those brothers and sisters who live distracted by vanity, by vice, by criticism, by seeking all that is offered to them as modern, which is harmful to the soul. Understand that you are called to receive 'God's great mercy,' and this at this moment, before the full unfolding of catastrophic trials; therefore, I urge you to receive God's infinite mercy before it gets dark and you can't get up. Dark, yes, when the demons will only stop infecting human creatures and completely possess them through their acceptance of a life without God. Spiritual decadence has been voluntarily accepted by the majority, without encountering opposition in man's reason, in man's interior, in man's Heart, it is rather a terrible acceptance that one hears. Love God and your neighbor! Do not continue to obscure the gifts that you could awaken if you were in communion with Christ. Do you want an effortless answer, without leaving behind your daily life, despising what reminds you of God's superiority? You are committing sacrilegious acts and great heresies developing on earth every moment! Ah ... But in times of wars and disasters we hear the prayers of human beings who have not prayed before. What then? Wake up! The madness of man is infinite, you must bow down and cry out: 'Our Father' and decide to convert. For this you must enter and know Christ, wanting to love Him and allow yourselves to be loved by Christ; you cannot love who you do not know, you will not respect who you do not know, so you must know Christ in order to love Him 'in spirit and truth'; in this way you will be able to discern and not be deceived, and then you will love God with your soul, powers and senses. Humanity is blind because of the spiritual disorder in which it lives, so man is tormented, internally exhausted. These states do not allow man to go to meet the one who is his God and his Lord, but on the contrary, lead him to fall into the clutches of the enemy of the soul, the devil and his hellish servants who are on earth. Beloved of God, this word that I am revealing to you by the command of our and your King should not alarm you, because as mankind you live in a state of anxiety because of the abnormal way in which man responds to his Lord and Creator, you live terrified by the heresies that the vast majority of human beings commit, you live in a state of shock because of the sacrileges and challenges to God's Will that are constantly taking place. What then? Do not be anxious about what I am announcing to you, but rather about how you live, work and act, the sinfulness of human thoughts, human feelings, the lack of sincerity, love, forgiveness, the lack of a Heart of Flesh so that you can love righteously and that your intentions are not foolishness, but truth. How many people face evil at any time and are not afraid of it! ... How many know that they are sinning, that with their actions they are committing adultery, committing aberrations, committing murder, breaking the Divine Law, and are not frightened by it! How many are not honest in serving the King of kings! How many know the truth of what is going on, and maintain a convincing silence, choosing the world and the flesh, and despising what they know to be the truth! How many pray with the words: 'I believe in God Almighty, Creator of Heaven and Earth...' and immediately deny Him in the most terrible way a human creature can! Children of the Most High, the spiritual life of a large part of mankind has deteriorated, so many existing interests want to remove the Gospel and leave it without effect, so that mankind continues to follow the path on which Satan and his legions lead you! There are so many interests that want humanity to remain in submission, in controversy, being a mass easily manipulated! There are so many of Satan's children who are working against the children of Christ and our Queen and Mother, to hand over world power to the devil! The devil sets traps for you, which, not being properly instructed and warned about the purification that mankind is experiencing and the persecution that the faithful people are suffering and will suffer, you do not see, you do not accept as an undeniable reality. Children of the Most High, many of your brothers and sisters have been persecuted, are being persecuted and will continue to be persecuted, not only by those who work for evil, but also from within the church itself, so I urge you to grow, to keep the faith, so every person should begin to work hard, wasting no time, so that you can recognize Divine Truth. Divine Truth does not change, because it is the truth and contains the truth for all times. If truth were subject to change, it would cease to be Divine Truth and God would not be God. Therefore, as captain of the heavenly hosts, I call upon you to cry out: who is like God? The Church of Christ is wavering, and you, its children, must not deny the faith, but you must be aware of this faith, its foundations, so that it does not waver. Remain in the truth and be aware that Divine Truth has been distorted through the generations. Pray for the truth and for the people of our King. Pray for the great nations, for they will make grave mistakes. Pray for God's children, that they may resist the coming predictions of the church hierarchy. Pray, the earth shakes, the events of nature surprise man. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 17 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Mother intercedes for each of you, whether you love Her or not. My Mother does not want her children to be lost. My Mother remains attentive to the desert of the heart of man, who does not respond positively to our calls, does not respond to the inner transformation, to the need for him to now engage fervently and decisively! My beloved, your brothers cannot know a person's thought from the inside, nor can they penetrate personal feelings, but I examine a person, even if you do not want to. Every person must realize the groundbreaking nature of this moment, in which changes are taking place in man - changes that are not perceived by those who are far from My Word, far from My Truth, far from the reality in which they live, changes in thinking, in reasoning, changes that will benefit those who live in faith, in my Love, in my forgiveness, changes in those who help their brothers and sisters, changes in those who are faithful and merciful, changes in those who feed the hungry and give water to the thirsty; sharing with others will become a right in the face of the famine that is coming for all mankind. This is the moment of trial for this generation, which has abandoned love and distorted the true meaning of this infinite gift. My people, you resist loving me in order not to leave behind what is temporal, therefore your decisions are not right, because they go hand in hand with the fear of being singled out and rejected for being mine; because of this, you are disturbed in your spirit and emotions, having great weakness in your ability to combat this disturbance. Mankind has retreated in rejecting my power, you have stagnated in denying the authenticity of my Truth, encouraging the devil who puts banners in your hands, so that you are increasingly divided and so that confusion reigns in everyone and everything. Confusion, division reigns in My Church; some choose to receive Me in this way and others in another - some in a state of Grace and others empowering sinners, so that whoever lives in sin receives Me. I am crucified again and again. You do not pray with your heart, but in scattered thoughts; you do not speak to Me with confidence - prayer and brotherhood are missing. My children are reflections of My light, and they must carry My light wherever they go, carrying it to those who walk in lukewarmness, to those who have not persevered in change and who, of their own accord, are turning away from My Mercy at this moment. Before my children are examined personally, you find yourselves with the blessing of transformation before you, thanks to the prayers and intercession of my Mother, so that the warning will not find you unprepared. She is the Woman clothed with the sun, with the moon beneath her feet, who in the silence of that moment pleaded for that mercy for her children, after which she will allow the Hand of my Father to fall upon mankind. In this way, what was written and prophesied will be fulfilled, so that my faithful will not perish. Children, the devil is using all his tricks so that you will not change your life, so that you will persist in sinfulness, so that you will be selfish, so that you will not be merciful, so that you will not know my Love and will betray me, so that you will call what is truth a lie and call faith ignorance. The shaking of the universe is coming, which listens to the lamentations of men, the sun warms the earth as never before, and in an instant darkness without announcement will reach the earth, allowing the leading role in the firmament to be taken by the glare that prevents man from seeing clearly, until the din echoes through the earth and everyone is aware that what has been announced by me and by my Mother is the truth. Pray, upheavals are coming to humanity. Pray, nations are rising, crying out for mercy, and my children are suffering. Pray for the lands of North America; they are being shaken and scourged by nature. Pray with your hearts for the institutions of my Church, for your brothers and sisters who are suffering persecution, for the oppressed and the hungry. I will send my heavenly armies to move Hearts; I do not want, children, for you to be lost. Conversion at this time, therefore, is more than a decision, it is the conviction and goal of all My children. Believe in my Mercy in this new moment that my Mother has asked for you to be saved, and believe in my Justice. Whoever chooses to live in sin and not leave sin behind will be a scourge to Mine, even after the Warning. Inner work is urgent, more so than at other times, because of the temptations surrounding you and the surprising suffering from climatic, atmospheric and cosmic phenomena you will encounter. Abide in prayer, in faithfulness to me and in love of your neighbor; shake hands with your brothers and sisters. Preach without words and with words, give prayer, comfort, love, be missionaries of my Love living in constancy and self-giving. Believe, I am with you and you must trust in Me. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 29 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel
Children of God, in view of the constant request of the Holy Trinity that no soul perish, I come as the captain of the heavenly hosts to call you to radical transformation. Humanity is hanging on by a drop in the Father's cup because of the persistent wave of crimes to which man succumbs internally because of his already tainted and diseased senses, like mind and thought. Unafraid to offend God, the vast majority of mankind has thrown itself into the abyss of passion and immorality, rejecting its own nature. Oh, what human audacity, defying the Will of God! How you will deplore such conduct! The cunning of evil and its interference in humanity is enormous, just as evil has broken into all areas of social life and great organizations that should bring good to mankind; The scenario was prepared slowly and quietly - man, a child of God, lives without God, has thrown Him out of his life, accepting Satan's gifts, convenience, social position, status, materialism, the slyness of a life of hypocrisy, a comfortable lack of consciousness, great irresponsibility, immorality, perversion, insensitivity, egomania, disrespect for God's Law, debauchery, false gods and others that destroy the human spirit and conscience. Children of God, you know that evil has entered the Church of our King; God's people must therefore remain vigilant to observe the fulfillment of God's Law and preserve God's Word contained in the Holy Scriptures. God's people are confused and divided, interpretations will become more and more frivolous to attract people's indulgence, which is not accepted in Heaven. Your weakness in the face of evil should make you stop and ask yourself: what is happening to me personally? What do I believe in? Do I want to save my soul? Do I understand that this critical moment in the history of humanity makes me responsible for responding to Christ King of the Universe and my brothers and sisters? As the prince of the heavenly hosts, I will answer to myself. Man does not want to question himself in order not to change, because of the comfort that sin offers him. Do you know the structure of the spiritual organism, do you know what the soul is? You are not aware that deeds and individual works cooperate with the whole as a race and as children of God. How many human beings would have their souls saved through the intercession of your prayers for your brothers and sisters! Just as the universe maintains its order, you also cooperate in the order of humanity. From its actions, an unhealthy person does not achieve inner peace due to his participation in wrong behavior. Wrong thoughts are constant, and bad habits and inclinations increase, darkening the mind and thoughts become uncontrollable until they are realized in reality. This is the work of the devil in people, a force that makes the weak in faith abide, that prompts them to commit inhumane acts that degrade the human condition, in which Satan delights and celebrates. You have turned yourselves into creatures that please and feed the devil. Children of God, the moment of trials and great sorrows for mankind is sharpening; the stench of Satan has forcibly entered the Church, Freemasonry has taken possession of the House of God and given it over to evil, crucifying our beloved King Jesus Christ again and again. The waters of the seas are not calming down, tsunamis are becoming more frequent. There are strong rays from on high that cause death, events from on high make even the strongest tremble, man is gripped by fear in the face of the unforeseen, which is a product of lack of faith. You must continue to improve, continue, beloved of God - do not stop, because the struggle between good and evil does not cease, and God's mercy has been opened to his people. Be spiritual, be aware of the divine power and imprint in what has been created, honor God and make amends for those who offend and do not love Him. Humanity, you act with great inconsistency, worshipping Satan, participating in heresies and dark rituals to magnify evil. Human stubbornness makes you forget that Satan-worshippers are harbingers of the antichrist and will be killed. The misfortune of those who have forgotten Divine Love and wounded it by spitting disobedience, rebellion, death, debauchery, immorality and the suffering of the innocent is so serious that repentance must equal the offenses committed. The law was given to man to fulfill it, obey it and love it, and thus avoid the punishments it generates for itself. This perverse generation does not make amends and conspires with the devil to injure our King and our Queen and Mother, your blessed Virgin Mary. Massacres without cause will increase, violence will increase in the streets, worshippers of evil will enter the churches of God and commit grave sacrileges. Man reads and does not believe, waits and despairs; only God knows what you will experience in the midst of the Great Purification. 'God is Mercy,' shout those who do not want man to repent - you sin and are forgiven, lies! Forgiven are those who intend to rectify their faults and sin no more. I declare to you at the command of the Holy Trinity, come to the mercy of God and repent for what you should repent for, look at what is happening on earth, how many signs and signals, how much fulfillment of what was foretold.... Do not deny what you cannot deny, the earth has changed, man has misappropriated it, the poles continue the process of reversal, and darkness and cataclysm are coming, the sun will darken. The public appearance of the antichrist leads you to two extremes, allowing him to seal you to belong to him or die; this is how his allies will present it. You know that God guards those who are faithful, but what would happen if the antichrist appeared at this very moment and called on you to seal yourselves? How many of you would remain faithful to God? Beloved in God, a great scourge is heading toward France, just as terrorism will continue to be present. Terrorism is precisely one of Satan's weapons, for governments to neglect what is really important to people and direct their attention to fighting terrorism; Satan will step in globally, implanting a microchip. Are you aware that your personal communication devices are not personal, that your data remains in the possession of others and they will use it when necessary for them? The human mind is hardening and transgressions against our King, transgressions of natural law are increasing, man is becoming tainted in his physical and spiritual being, he is more permeable to evil. Prepare yourselves, the war is going on - it has not stopped, on the contrary, the nation will rise against the nation and so it will roll with the wind until the people have no strength at all. Spain will be shaken, because these people will rise up and Spain will experience great pain. The ring of fire alerts the whole world, a great fault line is activated, and this leads man to great suffering. O Italy, haunted by men, you will be dominated and overwhelmed, you will go from admiration to knowing anguish and pain! In the end, the faithful will be crowned with glory; whoever does not submit to evil will be great among men, and then the greatness of our King will be sung about on earth. Surely none of those who wait in You will be ashamed; let those who rebel without reason be ashamed. Children of God, do not despair, multiply your spiritual strength and see yourselves as you are, God's creatures. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 04 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved children of God, a person who is aware of the gravity of this moment must resume his path to God.... Those who know that this is the time of waiting for God's mercy must warn God's people at all times, so that fewer children are lost. The mercy of the Holy Trinity will pour out its source of forgiveness for those who want to improve, prepare and accept this divine grace with a firm intention to change, so man must meditate on the temporal and finite, or the eternal greatness of the Salvation of the soul. Man is very quick to adopt modern trends the moment he was turned into a mass for this purpose, as an anticipation of the great rebellions that you are experiencing and that will increase on earth. Armed struggles in various countries, lack of food and famine caused by plagues in various countries, lack of awareness of poor and abandoned countries, and usurpation of countries by people who are foreigners in other lands will cause the constant threat of war. Do not forget, beloved in God, that war has not ceased, much less believe when peace treaties are concluded, for they are not true. Pray without hesitation, do not recite, but pray with your heart, powers and senses, until prayer becomes one with you. Prayers are not lost or held back on the road, but on the contrary, prayers do not go unheard, and given the Infinite Love of our King, prayers can alleviate, not all, but to some extent, yes, the attacks that humanity will face all over the planet. Children, you have knowledge of Satan's relentless work, yet you remain with your lamps almost devoid of faith and sleep with great ease, while the enemy of the soul causes destruction among God's people. My exhortations strike fear into you, yet sin does not strike fear into you, even knowing that eternal death awaits the unrepentant sinner. This is not a fairy tale, this is a lake of fire, where the absence of God's presence is the most terrible torment. Great tribulation awaits the earth, great suffering for man, water, fire, air and earth cracking and shaking due to earthquakes. Japan will suffer to the core, pray for Japan. Pray for Puerto Rico, it is shaking along with its heart. Pray for Costa Rica, its land is shaken. How does Christianity commemorate each event of the life, death and resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ, King of the Church? With pronounced liberalism, without dignity and respect, because in every place the praying human beings have ceased to be heard. Prayers have been turned into harsh, meaningless music, offensive to God and to man himself, without thinking that character, emotions and human feelings are transmitted in the human body depending on what it has inside. At this moment, before facing events, man must grow in spirit, order himself in spirit, in order to overcome the decisive moments that await him. Some of the children of the Most High are preparing great shelters in which to stay during bloody moments for humanity, and this is not a bad thing, it's just that before saving the body, one must save the soul, while being united as brothers and sisters, keeping themselves prepared; whatever you undertake will come out for good. I urge you to pray for France, which is suffering from the invasion. I urge you to pray for Mexico and the United States, their land will be shaken. A strange disease is coming upon mankind, high fevers and lacerated skin will plague from one moment to the next, for which you should use a plant called Marigold. Walk protected in God's law, do not flirt with what is unnatural, sinful and causes spiritual leprosy, which multiplies abundantly in those who offend our King and Lord Jesus Christ, which causes the evil spirits that roam the air in search of souls to adhere to them. The great diabolical infection in people is growing, finding fertile soil in those who live without God's Law. Beloved of God, evil gives malicious meaning to what man uses; evil acts immediately, and God's people take everything very foolishly, indicating the spiritual ignorance of those who say they follow Christ. Remain attentive and be faithful in fulfilling God's Law and the truths of Scripture. Unite as God's people - be a support for one another, pray for one another, offer the Eucharist for your brothers and sisters and yourselves, so that faith does not weaken, but grows stronger under the protection of our Queen and Mother. Blessed are those who trust in the Lord, whose confidence is in the Lord. They will be like a tree planted by the water, putting out its roots by the stream. It will not be relieved when the heat comes, and its leaves remain green; in the year of drought it is not restless and does not stop bearing fruit.... Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 10 2019 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you - as my children, I call on you to be constantly active, so that your brothers and sisters may prepare themselves properly for what humanity must experience. Do not be distracted, stay focused on the goal to which you are called by my Son. Grow now, for it will be difficult for you later. As a Mother, I abide in prayer and supplication before the Most Holy Trinity in the moments before the great tragedy of losing faith. One cannot live the faith in one's own way.... One cannot live out the love of the Holy Trinity in one's own way.... Liberalism spreads like fermenting yeast.... Beloved children, remain united so that in the unity of my Son you may support one another. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 10 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved children of the Most Holy Trinity, by order of the Trinity I offer you the Word of God as fresh water for the soul. You are heading towards the celebration of Holy Week, and it is on this path that our King and Lord Jesus Christ offers you liberation from the chains of evil, from the abused human ego, from the ego that has allowed itself to be depersonalized and mixed with new unnatural definitions with which it has taken possession of your personality. The art of evil is encroaching, without the human being noticing it, in order to align the majority within a single psychological scheme, according to its wicked plans, keeping man in lower states to offend our King and Lord. Mankind received an order that was not imposed, but camouflaged as an apparent grant of rights, to which mankind responded by raising its voice: 'I have the right to decide my life and the lives of those who are pregnant.... I can choose my gender...'. Beloved people of our King Jesus Christ, man - depersonalized and controlled by evil - has adopted thinking rejected by creation and behavior unknown to creation. Man believes he has the right to act freely and shows it by rebelling against anything that might be an obstacle to him; those who act responsibly do not fear being left behind because of a misunderstanding that they do not fit into forms of modernism and promiscuity. As you prepare for Holy Week, take up your personal cross and do not let go of it, because it is in the cross that you find growth, it is in the cross that you are strengthened for greater trials, it is in the cross that you meld with Christ. Love for God transcends human thought, human mind, human concepts, you must follow the way of God, living the virtue of faith love, mercy, charity, patience, hope.... The cross is not to be understood, it is to be loved, in it is the whole life of each of you, with your vices and virtues, successes and failures, so that you never think of yourself as being free of successes and failures. The way of Calvary is the life of every human creature who loves God, hence the falls, spitting, scourging, shaking, rude words, shouting, misunderstandings, falls and Simon of Cyrene, because in life everyone needs a Simon of Cyrene. Those who claim to understand the Cross will be left behind, not feeling understood by God and their brothers, seeing their humanity and their powerlessness, forgetting that those whom God loves are shaped in different ways and by different means, which man is surprised by and does not understand. Do not forget that all will be tested, at the most critical point of their humanity, one by one all will be tested, one by one you will know mercy or impiety, charity or rejection that abounds at all levels of society. This period of mercy is a grace and blessing offered to you by the Holy Trinity, it is the moment before you see yourselves as you are, therefore mercy does not come only from God, but from people of good will, where man must exercise his virtues. On the Cross, man becomes smaller so that our King Jesus Christ can shine more, and in this way what is primary in humanity will no longer be of man, but will remain subject to Divine Love. Our and your Queen is the flame that enlightens the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, guiding you along the paths necessary for the human soul to be strong, convinced and converted, before the real trials of great divisions and great persecutions wreak havoc on God's people. The hosts of evil wander the world in complete freedom, a freedom granted to them by man's separation from divinity. Souls that persist like a fig tree without bearing fruit and do not correct themselves are like a fig tree and will not bear the fruit of eternal life. Man's debauchery has led him to fall into a stinking abyss where sin is replicated uncontrollably; evil wastes no time in accomplishing its purpose. God's people must use every moment to grow, leaving no room for evil to enter its ranks. In the past, humanity's leaders made pacts with Satan, putting the nations they ruled into the service of the antichrist and his tentacles, and this succession of pacts is continued by economically powerful families. You are constantly being tested, provoked, induced, urged, so that pride takes possession of you, and you have not thought of the sun that affects the action and work of man, which is increasingly violent. The people of God, Freemasonry reigns in the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, maintaining pacts and alliances that undermine the structure of the Church, leading to schism; this is where the faith of the people of God will keep you firm, strong, because this people of God will be persecuted, misunderstood, singled out; then the brotherhood will make the necessary love sprout, so that our Queen and Mother, the Mother of Humanity, and we, the heavenly hosts, can guard and sustain you, so that as few children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ as possible will desert you. People of God, faith is being put to the test, the ravages of nature are intensifying and coming unexpectedly; the sun is putting the earth on alert. The threat of a heavenly body coming from the universe is disturbing, and humanity will suffer. Prepare steadfastly and without distraction; the earth is shaking. The water in the seas is not calming down, but on the contrary, it is encroaching on the land. Man must learn correctly, not incorrectly, for without God he is nothing. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 14 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, in total adoration of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, we, the legions of heaven, stand humbly before the infinite divine love, the giver of mercy to men. Man's rejection of God is surpassed by God's mercy, which awaits the conversion of those who do not love Him in order to save their souls. For most of God's children, Holy Week has no meaning. It is something forgotten, an opportunity for a vacation, for direct contact with sin, it is an opportunity for entertainment. If human beings had kept their sanity, they would have found in this commemoration an opportunity to relive each of those moments in which our King and Lord, Jesus Christ, unveiled Divine Love for His children. This love, which man will regret having forgotten the moment he enters into communication with his conscience and has the reality of his sins before him. Humanity will no longer be the same, there is a 'before' and an 'after' in this generation. The rejection of the value of the passion, death and resurrection of our Lord and King Jesus Christ continues to drag mankind toward spiritual disaster, the goal of the devil. Mankind is at its greatest crossroads, it has again condemned our King and Lord Jesus Christ, it has condemned itself. The world is on fire with evil, and therefore divided are those who are of Christ and those who refuse to be of Christ - those who overcome trials to abide with the King of Heaven and Earth, and those who have surrendered to evil. People of God, Christ, King of the Universe, calls you to look inside each of you, where only creation itself knows its works and deeds - those that cry out: crucify him! those that dwell in human creation and live in apparent silence - but in reality, man carries within himself that which he refuses to acknowledge, a little of those who cried out: crucify him! of those who betrayed him, who abandoned him. Human ignorance causes man to put aside the event of the Cross or to remember it, but not to live it. Man is unable to live the inner fullness, the way of the meeting on the road to Emmaus, the mysticism of the spiritual path. Therefore, mankind is heading towards what it has created itself, its own way, to which it has not invited our King and Lord Jesus Christ. This Holy Week should not be commemorated, but lived in the greatest intimacy of the human heart, in faith, in hope and in love, without which the passage of the child of God is more painful. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, this is the moment when you must remain in a different atmosphere, so that your faith is complete, you must remain in a microclimate without pollution, so that hope is not lost. You must purify the air you breathe, so that mercy is not a spontaneous act, but is innate to the child of God - not pretended, but 'natural', and then your actions, actions and reactions will be in line with God's way. On this day of applause and cheering in honor of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, raising branches in honor of the Son of God, consider so that you will not later applaud that which is contrary to God's Law, so that you will not later cheer in honor of the antichrist. People of God, it is impossible to describe the cruel reality of mankind; the horrors experienced by the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ cause new martyrs to raise their voices and share the word that our King and our Queen and Mother give to mankind to warn them of the potential danger they are in and to which the devil is drawing them. The Church of God, which has been entrusted to us to guard it from the strategy of evil, is clear, and yet you do not see it, because you look through the magnifying glass of your personality and not the soul of each person, which would help you discern under the guidance of the Holy Spirit. The faithful instruments who exalt the word they receive from our King and Lord Jesus Christ, from our Queen and Mother, or from this messenger of the Holy Trinity, will be visible martyrs because of the denial of those to whom the Church's crisis of faith is no stranger at all. Whoever carries the light of God in his hands to awaken his brothers is under siege! Meditate this Holy Week, let your heart beat according to the divine rhythm, breathe according to the divine rhythm. Look, listen, feel, walk in rhythm with the Mother of Sorrows, so that like our Queen and Mother, you may attain the joy of being a new creation, risen in our glorious King and Lord Jesus Christ. Pray, the earth moves and man kneels. Faith grows by living in Christ, through Him and in Him .... Hope is sustained by practicing love ... love is cultivated by doing God's Will ... And in all things the one who is the expert is your Queen and Mother. Be in the company of your Queen and Mother, the obstacles facing the true and obedient children of God will not be delayed - great battles await you in the very house of God. I am protecting you. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 17 2019 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my Blessing is with you so that your every breath, every heartbeat, every look, every step is protected by me. The spiritual danger in which mankind finds itself is so great that my intercession before the Holy Trinity for each one of you, my children, I have come to call you to be humble as you enter into the affairs of my Son. I have asked you to love my Son, and in order to love Him, you must know Him, and it is in knowing Him that danger surrounds you, when the human creature loses sight of the spiritual danger that exists when arrogance sets in and man thinks he has too much knowledge of heavenly things. As God's creatures, you are children of God's Will, so do not claim to have anything more than the grace to desire what God wants for each of you. The evil one sees in you a thirst for knowledge, and the cunning of the infernal serpent attacks a person more strongly when he senses the perseverance with which my children persevere on the road and try to keep close to my Son; then he attacks them on various fronts, and one of them, a very delicate one, is the intellect, where battles begin through speculation and puffed-up pride, supported by demons who prowl the earth to pick their spoils. Do not lose your vigilance, children, the Church of my Son must remain vigilant, because you are at a great crossroads, on the road to Calvary, on the road to the purification of the universal Church. At this moment, man has combined the former evil with the present one, and the perversion is inexplicable; with pain you must recognize that you are unworthy of Heaven's graces, and with humility you must recognize that you are unworthy of God's mercy. Beloved children, faith is weakening in so many creatures with such rapidity that those few who persevere will have to return to the catacombs as a result of persecution due to the great spiritual tragedy in which a large part of humanity lives. Do not remain motionless in the face of Satan's possibility. Do justice to this crisis of humanity's faith, offer your sufferings for the hearts infected by the scourge of immorality, pray and fast for the lack of love for my Son. Apostasy is spreading, foolishness has brought you to this state. My Son suffers for His children, and you disregard Him. Soon my Son will leave me to go to the Upper Room, where He will share bread and wine, His Body and Blood with His disciples, to prepare for the suffering of love for those He loves. I ... What are His children, His followers, doing? How are you preparing to accompany my Son in His sacrifice of love for all humanity? Are you aware of how delicate and decisive this moment is for faith? ... How much does humanity have to atone? How much must humanity suffer? How much must the people of my Son strengthen themselves to persevere in faith? ... Offer love to my Son, do not demand anything more, the rest will be given to you in addition. Be guardians of your brothers, unite so that evil does not surprise you. Pray for each other, pray for Argentina, which will suffer greatly. Pray for the United States. Pray for Venezuela, darkness is growing. Pray for Italy, suffering is coming. Be united with my Son, go to your traveling companions for help, do not forget your guardian angels, they will comfort you in moments of pain. Prepare with my Son, relive with my Son every moment of His painful Passion and find love anew in spirit and truth. Come to me and repeat this personal 'yes' of my Son, and so this 'yes' to loving your neighbor. Receive my maternal blessing, and may my maternal protection be with you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 19 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, who abide in the river of water and blood that flows from the side of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, how many wounds there are in the most holy body of Christ, King of the Universe! How much love for human creation! How much suffering from constantly being misunderstood by this generation! How many wounds that our King and Lord constantly suffers, caused by those who do not serve Him with their hearts, hiding their conscience so as not to feel discomfort! How many wounds there are in the Divine Body of our King and Lord Jesus Christ due to being cast out by His own people! Isn't this a foretaste of the purification of the mystical Body of Christ? Sin appears with power and immediately spreads throughout the earth thanks to the mass media. With the same intensity, everything that is wrong immediately reaches the path of man, transforming his mind, via the human will, into a putrid sewer of demonic activities and works of all kinds. Humanity euphorically accepts our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother, and then, in the same emotional state, immediately pushes them aside, relegating them to last place. The Divine Word of Christ is thrown into the garbage; this is what blind humanity does - it does not give credence to the signs and signals of the moment, and I'm not just talking about those who consider themselves the Church, but all of humanity, which has lost its appetite for the Divine and is denying the Holy Spirit, grieving Him and thus losing its Divine sonship. Our Queen and Mother looks with sadness upon the people of her Son, upon her children, upon each of you, and suffers from the disobedience and rejection of those whom she received at the foot of the Cross. Our King and Lord, Jesus Christ, is cheered and then immediately condemned to the Cross by His own people, who have chained themselves to the devil, and in them to sin, to pride, to arrogance, to greed, and are therefore filled with hardness of heart toward those who suffer. Therefore, let mankind prepare! Suffering is coming and will shake everyone. The heavenly legions remain attentive to the word of one of God's children, who, with a contrite and humble heart, asks for our protection and shelter in the fight against the spirits of evil that muddy the house of God. The devil has been received with great reverence, and mankind boasts of his degradation. Before the coming of our King, mankind must be purified, each person will pass through the sieve of his own sins, which are so fierce that some will not be able to continue living. Mankind continues as if nothing is happening; how you will regret that you did not obey, that you did not feed on the explanations that Heaven gives you in every revelation! You who have been called, nourish yourselves, do not grow up spiritually malnourished.... Strengthen yourselves in Christ, King of the Universe, and go with determination.... Take the boat, go out to sea with strength, confidence and conviction of the call to be part of the faithful remnant.... God's people, our Queen and Mother, your Queen and Mother will be relegated to a very small place in the church, diminishing the Mother. They plan to diminish the power of God's people, at a time when general confusion will reign everywhere. With a double-edged sword, the devil creates confusion in God's people, sowing resentment, division, pride; he blows at the mind of man, knowing that man desires freedom - but freedom is wisdom, not debauchery, and to be free, one must first embrace faith. Do not lose faith, continue to be those who adore our King and Lord Jesus Christ, look on, where only those who remain confident in the fulfillment of the Divine Word and are faithful to it can look and see blessings. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 26 2019 - Jesus Christ
My people, my beloved people, I bless you. Whoever ascends to My Will, making reparation and loving constantly, not moving away from Me, and makes a firm decision to begin a life united with Me, that child of Mine is born again.... And this re-birth is what Our House is calling you to in this revelation. My people, if you want to enter into My wisdom, you must open your eyes of the spirit, keep your thoughts in Me, surrender your mind in Me, so that every act and work is in accordance with My Will. My Mother loves you and intercedes for you before Our Most Holy Trinity. She does not want any of Her children to be lost; to My Mother, each of you is Her own Heart. Children, do you want to radiate my Love? Be productive, draw souls to Me, radiate Me; creatures radiate what they have. Everyone is different, but My children have something in common that constantly distinguishes them, that is unity, brotherhood and enjoying the common good in the midst of a humanity that seeks only personal good. Ideologies come and go; satisfying instincts has led humanity to acquire evil and reject good. Morality has been set aside; a society free of rules is what prevails at the moment - pleasure, satisfaction, belonging to the masses is the goal of the majority without the intervention of conscience, which my people are increasingly losing. My children, do not ally yourselves with modern trends, the Law is unique and contains Commandments that you cannot change. Immerse yourselves in My Sacred Heart and in the Immaculate Heart of My Mother, immerse yourselves in Our Infinite Love, so that you may be the likeness of Our Love to each of your brothers and sisters. My beloved ones, the devil is constantly deceiving you to offend Me. He slips you subtle religious novelties to draw you away from guilt when you transgress God's Law; do not accept novelties for fear of rejection, but on the contrary, be firm, and in this way you will possess eternal life. Do not rest, be zealous for conversion, prepare yourselves spiritually for what is coming for my people, especially for persecution, not only from those who do not believe, but also from those among my children who, out of fear, out of lack of faith, deliver you into the hands of those who do not love me. Beloved ones, prepare yourselves for the Warning, it is My obvious, tangible mercy in favor of mankind, and even so, there will be those who, after the Warning, will banish Me with greater force. Mankind is not preparing itself, you are not practicing virtues to act in my likeness, you are not putting yourselves in the moment when you will have to face the weight of your conscience, what you have left unnoticed during your life or have not considered an offense against me. I have warned you, I have implored you to act on yourselves here and now, before the time that is not time, but 'woe'! Epidemics will multiply until they become pandemics, diseases eradicated will return, just as man eradicated me and chose Satan as his God. For this the elements rise up in search of man who does not live according to My Will. My beloved ones, not all is pain for my children, a miracle already announced, which will happen in a small town in Europe and in other places of Marian apparitions, after the Warning, as a sign of our divine and immense love for mankind, and so that you may be assured that my love and that of my Mother is not exhausted. By divine decree, this miracle will also be given to my children of the Americas on Tepeyac Hill, at my Mother's shrine, under the invocation of our Lady of Guadalupe, Empress of the Americas, in Mexico, because there is a close connection between my Mother of Guadalupe and the coming of my Angel of Peace to humanity. The sick who are present at the site of the miracle will be healed, the souls who believe in the divine origin of this miracle will receive great blessings. Before such a great manifestation of my Love, my people must redouble their prayers, the practice of my Love and the dissemination of the invocations of my House, because the enemy of souls is holding on to his target, stealing souls. My beloved people, the earth continues to shake and nature continues to warn you, be vigilant. Pray for the United States, suffering continues in this nation. Pray for Chile, it is suffering from the forces of nature. Pray for India, it is mired in instability. Pray for the volcanoes that are awakening. My beloved people, my Mother protects you, loves you. Out of love I hold my heavenly legions over mankind. My blessing is over each of you, my children. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 30 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Children of God, in the name of the Holy Trinity, I share with you God's peace, necessary for all mankind, so that evil does not separate you from the path on which God's love calls you. It is necessary for you to keep your peace, so that you will not be an easy prey to the temptation into which Satan makes you fall quickly, easily defeating you. It is necessary for the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ to understand that this is a decisive moment, and that is why evil uses all the tricks it has among its wicked weapons to confuse the minds of God's children. Those whom he finds lukewarm in faith, he induces to fall into harmful activities, and in this way he more easily puts chains on them, so that they become his slaves. Our Lord and King, Jesus Christ, loves you all and does not want you to compromise with evil. Do not fall into Satan's snare, this moment, this moment is decisive. Do not forget the mercy of God, even if the sea is agitated in the greatest storms and the waves rise on the boat that is each of God's children, there is a great work of mercy in man, there is the principle of 'give and it will be given to you', otherwise he who does not forgive becomes his own internal enemy, his own death sentence. Beloved of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, it is necessary for you to arise in spirit, not to know more, but to feel with your soul and see with a pure gaze, and pray to God for those who do not forgive their neighbors, because this leads to the loss of their souls if they do not repent in time. If it pleases a man to point the finger, let him point the finger at himself; in his place, everyone should become that Samaritan who walked and looked at his brother lying faint on the ground, anointed him and took him to an inn to heal him. People of God, you have an obligation to Christ, King of the Universe, to change, to transform your lives! You have time before the coming punishments that will befall you; do not forget that God's Love is infinite, God's Mercy is infinite for those who repent. This is the understanding to which Heaven calls you, sinners must repent, and you must be especially vigilant lest you be among them. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, our Queen and Mother do not instill fear in you, but warn you to possess knowledge and not fall asleep in sin. The Prophets pass on the word of the Father's House so that you are prepared at this time, if they did not warn you, it would be the opposite, for events would come and find you sleeping, and this is what Divine Love does not want for its children. People of God, rejoice in the atonement, to which you can come freely, with a spirit of generosity for the atonement. Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, so many people are asking Heaven for the Tribulation to descend right now! And yet ... Will those who ask for it be righteous? For suffering will come to all mankind, not just to some, but to sinners and non-sinners; in these moments you will be tested in faith, so cry out for faith unshaken. This is the task of God's people, to pray for one another, crying out for an unshakeable faith, one that does not lead to abandonment of Christ in pain, in trials, in difficulties, in the midst of persecution, massacres, famine.... Faith, faith, faith! We, the armies of heaven, cry out to human ears: 'faith in God! The universe puts man to the test, the sun is darkened and puts man to the test. The waters of the seas and the waters of the rain put man to the test, so faith must be unshaken; the man of God is not disappointed. At this time, mankind must prepare to move from one place to another in the face of the severity of events. Remain vigilant; the sacrifice pleasing to God is the one that hurts the most. In the Warning you will see yourselves as you are, therefore you should not wait, convert now! From the universe comes a great unexpected threat to humanity, faith is essential. Divine Love has revealed its great mercy to you through the 'Miracle for America', stay in peace, faith is essential. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ gave his prophet the date of this event, in order to announce it in advance and so that those who can do so can go, because conditions will not be as they are now, but faith must flourish in order to be healed, as must repentance for the wrong committed. People of God, our beloved and dearest Angel of Peace will come to humanity to help and warn God's people, God's children have never been abandoned. Pray, people of God, pray for South Africa, it is suffering because of people without mercy. Pray for Japan, nature is hitting it hard. Pray for Colombia, it is suffering. Pray for England, man is getting angry. Children of the Holy Trinity, do not reject the calls of the Father's House at a time when the Church needs all prayers to last. You are beginning a very special month, the month of our Queen and Mother, it is necessary for you to pray the Holy Rosary for world peace in all the churches of the world, in all the homes that are prepared to do so. On May 13, you must rededicate yourselves to our Queen and Mother, your Queen and Mother, so that under her protection and help, through the intercession of your Mother, you may be strengthened in love, in hope and in mercy. Accept this request, it is extremely important. We are your traveling companions and your guardian angels. To all people of good will... Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 04 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, the Divine blessing descends upon each of you.... I have been sent because of the strong threat that is being launched against mankind with the approaching fulfillment of the Warnings, which for many long years and years people of good will have listened attentively and with holy patience, and for which they have been able to wait. They will not be disappointed, for this generation will experience and witness the fulfillment of the revelations that the Divine Will has repeated again and again to mankind. Our King and Lord knows even the smallest thought of man, and therefore anticipates his work and action, so that souls will not perish. Beloved in God, you are living in the midst of great spiritual confusion, and therefore, as the armies of heaven, we are all on guard to defend and guard you from the constant snares of the devil, who is a perverse living spiritual being, who enjoys subverting man with his malice, and does not rest in suggesting to man his pernicious ideas and confusion, in order to achieve his goal, to destroy the Church, if only man will allow it, for he is not allowed to exceed the limits that God allows, nor the consent of man. Thus, there must be an increase in man's faith in order for him to say 'no!' to the devil, to renounce the devil and grasp at the grace and triumph of Christ, King of Heaven and Earth, over evil. The vast majority of people think that the devil can be easily defeated; this is not the case - the devil attacks God's children, turning up the jealousy of some, ... causing evil thoughts in others, ... filling others with loathing, ... leading others to judge their brothers and sisters, ... others, to call some human beings 'Satan'; inflates the 'ego' of others,.... Fills others with prejudice,.... Saturates others with anger, ... Fills others with greed, ... Fills others with envy, .... And so it is that all of you are tested in ways that no one can even imagine, so that you do not recognize the evil you are facing. People of God, it is not that I mention Satan to you as if he were more important than our King and Lord Jesus Christ, or that I derive great satisfaction from telling you about him; rather, it is that at this moment the prince of this world is lurking, waiting for the slightest opportunity to attack God's people, and I am sent to defend you and teach you that you must constantly fight evil. Man, as a child of God, has been given the strength to reject evil and the grace to fight against it. Before the power of the Holy Trinity in man, a child of God, evil escapes. Hence faith, faith, faith. Beloved of the Most Holy Trinity, God's Law is threatened by modern tendencies that want to downplay the impact of sin on man's soul, that urge man not to be spiritual, to be easy prey for evil, which powerfully rises before man, who lacks knowledge, trust, who lacks faith in our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ and in the intercession of our and your Queen and Mother. God's children walk on thorny paths, but thorns do not stop them, do not afflict them and do not lead them to despair, because their strength comes from God, not from man. God's children may feel wounded, but they do not consider themselves dead, because God strengthens them, sustains them and leads them to find honey in every thorn, in every pain, because nothing is of man, but everything is of God. Therefore, courage! Faith is greater than trials, and in these trials is revealed the eternal life of Christ, King of the Universe. People of God, it is necessary for you to fulfill the Divine Will, so that Divine Love will multiply and will not be obscured by anyone and anything. Pray, people of God, pray before there is an activation of volcanoes and suffering of a large part of humanity. Pray that sound doctrine will not be changed, pray that the Commandments of God's Law will not be belittled. Pray, the church is persecuted, is persecuted gradually. Pray and preach love, plead for the intercession of your Queen and Mother, earthquakes occur with power. Pray in season and out of season, not forgetting that God's children always seek Him in obedience to His Will, not renouncing it. Dedicate the Holy Rosary with love and faith to Him who received you at the foot of the Cross of Glory. We are your traveling companions and your guardian angels. To all people of good will... Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 11 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved ones, My Heart is attentive to every heartbeat of My children, and when the heartbeat of any of them changes, I immediately send help from My House, so that what happens to them is alleviated and they return to abiding in My harmony of love, so that creation can accept the heartbeat of My people in accord with Mine, if the human being desires it. My beloved ones, this moment is My Heart's Mercy to man, and at the same time it is the moment of man's free decision to be saved or to remain with evil. It is a special and unique moment in which there are two completely defined paths, good or evil. Therefore, you should not take steps backwards. You should understand that this moment is extremely precious for my people and you must not waste it; You must be tireless seekers of good, and where you encounter evil, you must inject good, so that souls will not be separated from my side, but rather each person will be a laborer in my vineyard who works tirelessly, given the shortening of this moment due to external and internal events on earth, which cause it to rotate faster and cause its axis to deviate, affecting man with diseases that cause emotional instability, dizziness, heart disease, loss of physical balance, as well as inexplicable fears. I emphasize all of this, children, so that you are aware that changes on the Earth directly affect humans. I urged you to keep the faith, in spite of setbacks, in spite of your wounded 'ego', trials that have no explanation for you, illnesses of all kinds, keep your faith unshaken. You know, children, that evil uses the same deviations of the earth that affect man to turn you away from my affairs, to turn you away from fulfilling God's Law, to turn you away from the Law of loving your neighbor, to turn you away from mercy, from hope itself, so that you sink into discouragement, and by not finding immediate solutions, evil leads man to make rash decisions. Hence more cases of people taking their own lives, hence so many destroyed families, hence human inability to face life and its events, hence weakness has overwhelmed man, and My Word is not respected, but disregarded and given a different meaning than that found in Scripture. That is why the Commandments, the natural law corresponding to man and woman, are distorted, that is why some women indulge in debauchery and remove their children - the inability to take responsibility is rooted in the lack of knowledge of the existence of the Holy Trinity and My Mother, and the carelessness of parents, the lack of respect for elders and the ease with which young people get what they want have led them to incapacity. But I do not absolve a person from responsibility, he who is weak is weak because he does not seek strengthening from Me, finds pleasure in being weak and does not seek to ask My Holy Spirit for discernment. That is why those who say they know the future, those who collaborate with the devil, those who look at you and describe your life, multiply, that is why it is so that mankind attracts evil, that is why the devil practices sorcery because of man's lack of faith in Me. I have called each of you by name, I have called you to persist on the path of conversion, and that your every step should be directed towards me, even if the circumstances are difficult - you know my ways well. If you do not encounter difficulties, ask yourself what path you are following. Mankind lives being a robot of the whims of evil, does not distinguish between good and evil, considers everything as good, even if it acts in favor of evil. A dense darkness is descending upon the earth, a darkness that will come, caused by the gases from the great volcanoes that will become active, will lower the temperature of the earth, just as it did before, except that now the moment will be longer. My people, do not pursue momentary things, everything passes away, what you should enrich is the soul. Prepare for the great changes that await mankind in general. Mankind will continue to be sick in spirit, sinking into the fetor of sin, despite the revelations I am giving you to understand, which are not a bunch of fortune-telling, but the fulfillment of real events that are happening all over the earth. Man rejects that which is of authority; heresies are spread quickly and received with joy - my people are in confusion. My priestly sons must live modest lives, they must lead exemplary lives and be careful in their speech, dress with dignity to distinguish themselves from ordinary humanity; homilies must be lectures of instruction about me, lectures of practice for my people, lectures to awaken souls and infect them with the desire to seek me. Pray, my children, pray for the holiness of all and for the multiplication of faith in my people. Pray my children, pray that hunger will spread throughout the land because of the weather and plagues. Pray my children, pray for the United States, nature is scourging it. Pray children, pray for Spain, social upheaval is coming. You are persecuted by evil; the greatest defense is to abide in faith and in the state of Grace. When evil lurks, recite the Creed with the crucifix in hand and held aloft, but the person must be in a state of Grace. My people, consecrate yourselves to My Mother; She, the Woman clothed with the sun, is the one who, with her purity, eclipses the devil and makes him withdraw when it seems that he has already conquered man. Love My Mother, to whom I have given My children to lead you to Our Blessed Trinity. Love Her and be true children of My Most Holy Mother. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 19 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, God's blessing descends upon each of you. Beloved children of God, our King and Lord Jesus Christ calls out to us with deep pain: 'I see the flame of my Love going out in people. If creatures were accustomed to love in my likeness, their feelings, deeds and actions toward their brothers and sisters would be so sublime that with one look, one thought, they would send what their brother needs at that moment, whether on the physical or spiritual level, and their neighbor's needs at that moment would be met.' Children of God, how you forget the greatness to which Divine Love leads the human creature when it possesses even a minimal amount of it! By allowing your state of consciousness to fluctuate, you are rejecting the greatness and essence of what love of God and neighbor is; all you receive are mere crumbs that hinder the blessing between souls and that attract particles of feelings opposed to love, coming to the surface and causing a serious withering of the spirit of those who do not live Divine Love in its essence. The man of God is not the one who gathers seeds of ignorance. A man of God is one who loves himself and loves his neighbor, not one who has a vacuum of love in his word. Evil spreads quickly over the earth and has taken up residence in creatures who are weak in faith, weak in mind, and having no control over the mind, people do not control it, and it flies where it should not fly and returns along sinister and steep paths, making man enter the abodes of spiritual deception so that he gets lost. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, each of you has been called by name to form the people of God in these difficult times of turbulent winds that carry the demons themselves, so that they spread faster and do not give man time to take refuge, so that he is not dragged along. The commandments of God's Law are trampled upon, slandered, falsified, and this does not move man, but encourages him to commit sin. Mankind does not return to the Holy Scriptures, and therefore is not sure that at the present time it is possible to see signs of the imminent fulfillment of the revelations that our and your Mother and Queen of Heaven and Earth has given throughout the earth to her children. Therefore, many of God's creatures are silent before evil, because they do not believe in the fulfillment of the prophecies and reject them, increasing Satan's power over humanity. God's people must spread over the earth, each person must have the spiritual strength of a thousand people and be an instrument of evangelization and Salvation for their brothers and sisters. Be great and true disciples of our Queen and Mother and be like her. Being blessed, she was the first disciple of her Son - she was prudent, humble, always aware of all needs, but in the last place; therefore, she protects all her children, warding off the devil to keep you in unity, which is the sign of God. Whatever happens, keep the faith, faithfulness to God and our Mother and Queen, as true souls passionate about what is eternal, who therefore refrain from risking your Salvation in the path of evil, immorality, spiritual wickedness and violence. As God's messengers and traveling companions, we urge you not to rebel against our Lord and King Jesus Christ, the moment is but a moment and we are fighting because of the arrogance of the angels who have fallen - we are currently suffering because of ruthless, merciless and opportunistic humanity. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Colombia, its earth is shaking. Pray for Chile, it is suffering, and you, as God's people, must pray for this nation. Pray, children of God, pray for Argentina, the human mind is agitated. People of God, be humble so that you can receive the wisdom necessary in these moments of turmoil and persecution. Be humble so that you can connect with the Sacred Hearts of our King and our Queen and thus prevent the human heart, motivated by the world, from being stony. Pray with the strength and constancy necessary at this time, so that you do not reject eternal goods; you who consume milk and honey, do not become spiritual beggars who pass from one place to another amidst reasoning without foundation among those who err. You are aware of the needs of humanity and what you need to fix, to make amends, be part of those who live in constant adoration of God without uttering a word, be among those who receive the crown of glory. Do not be among those who, out of self-love, lose eternal Salvation at this decisive moment. We are your traveling companions and your guardian angels. To all people of good will... Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 24 2019 - Jesus Christ
My people, My beloved people, I do not abandon you when you are most besieged by the devil. On the contrary, I protect you and send my heavenly armies for the Salvation of one soul, but this soul must want to be saved and be ready to be rescued. This does not mean that my people do not suffer for their own purification, it does not mean that you enjoy Heaven in advance. Together with all of humanity, my children pass through the sieve of trials and come out victorious. Mankind has been tested and experienced undeniable hardships due to weakness of faith and quick acceptance of the devil. The devil's strategy has defeated my children and they have fallen into the clutches of jealousy, a poor advisor in leading you to want to achieve my Will without going through this 'divine sculptor'. The struggle between 'good and evil' exists, yet man is not able to preserve his experience, but continues to suffer from his own disobedience. My people see historical events in miniature, and those who live at this moment, when the persecution of the devil is spreading throughout the earth, seeking the destruction of souls, look at my Word and the Word of my Mother inattentively and without awareness. You see the tip of the iceberg without seeing the depth of what you are living now and what you will live in the future; you are told of peace agreements, and you do not see what my Word provides for you to wake up before the storm. Disobedience makes my children blind and deaf, the devil's cunning blurs your thinking so that, like rivers of mud, mine become contaminated and suffer from severe spiritual diseases. This scourge that engulfs mine at this stage of human history is completely aimed at perverting the mind of man, so that the conscience breaks down and chaos engulfs my children, who are like drifting boats. The earth has changed its axis, magnetism leads it in a different direction, which causes great and unexpected consequences for the earth, for man, for all of nature. The same is true for my children - the magnetism that generates evil causes mankind to change its thoughts, its tastes, its desires, its intentions, and with each passing moment it becomes a completely different creature. My people do not see the depth of the confrontation between good and evil, they do not look with alarm at the proliferation of norms opposed to Me in everything that can represent Me, they do not see the harmful programs of sin being approved in the nations, they do not see how gradually, with great diplomacy, I am being moved out of My House, out of the churches - but more serious is how man's human will removes Me from his life. Take up, therefore, the armor of God, that you may be able to resist on the Last Day and persevere, overcoming all'. My people are experiencing the prophesied great universal battle between 'good and evil' and do not want to believe it. Many of my children have embraced the devil, his perversions, his ways of extreme immorality, death, which lead them to lose their souls if they do not repent. Forgetting the Divine Law, they dare to profane what is of My House, commit sacrileges to please the devil. This accumulation of evil contains the power of the devil himself to act and work, and you, not being strong in faith, cannot be unmoved. Feed on My Body and My Blood, pray and be My Love, My Mercy and My Hope for your brothers and sisters. My Kingdom is not of this world', My Kingdom will endure forever and ever. My people should know the prophecies that My Mother and I have given them, so that you will not be found asleep. My beloved people, do not let what is happening on earth pass unnoticed, the signs and signals are announcements for those who are asleep to awaken. My Mother is preparing My Second Coming and She with Her hand will bring My Angel of Peace to My children to give you My love, My guidance and sustain you. Then unbelievers will see my Angel of Peace, listen to him and regain hope. My Mother, the gate of Heaven, the Morning Star, the sun that never darkens, by order of our Blessed Trinity, is the Ark of Salvation in the end times. My Mother carried me in her womb, and this blessed womb will be what leads my people to me. Pray my children, pray for the West, which has become tainted and does not listen to me. Pray my children, pray that you will resist to the end. Pray my children, pray for Canada, the unexpected is coming to this nation. Beloved of my people, wake up! my call is urgent, do not sleep. I will prevail! I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 31 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved of God, Divine Love descends upon each of you. I am sent by the Most Holy Trinity as the Prince of the heavenly legions, given the urgency of this moment. Humanity in its lethargy is helping evil to grow, and it is advancing by leaps and bounds throughout the earth, hastening the arrival of the new world order. Humanity protests against governments for economic reasons, for political reasons, and it should protest for morality, for goodness, for the protection of the lives of the innocent, for the natural right of man, but it does the opposite. Debauchery is a weapon of evil in every moment of humanity's existence, to destroy the Divine Will and its fulfillment on earth. There are human beings all over the earth who gather in prayer, and we bless them all for the glory of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. It is urgent that the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ recognize and spread the Divine request to save souls. Unity and humility strengthen each other, born of love, and the children of the Mother and Queen of Heaven and Earth remain in this unity, humility and love. Note, man uses his calendar to be able to maintain order in the system of years, months, weeks and days, but this is not God's time, which is infinite, so man, wanting to be equal to God, has come to the point of not believing the Divine Word, not understanding God, denying the Divine Word. Therefore, as the commander of the armies of heaven and living in the Divine Time, allowing myself sometimes in the Divine Will to see the events that are approaching mankind in the time of man, I urge you to become aware and quicken your step, to save your soul, 'resolve to save your soul', do not waste time - it is running out. Although you have been hearing this for a long time, do not live in the past, but at this moment, become conscious of unity, to preserve the one and only feeling, to work for the Kingdom of God out of love for Jesus Christ, King and Lord, for the most holy Virgin Mary, Queen of Heaven and Earth, so that in the unity of the people of God you give the earth to its Creator. You must warn yourselves, warn your brothers and sisters, warn those who are not prepared, warn those who need conversion. Look upward, expand your thinking, don't just look at the finite, strive to reach the heights, be more spiritual, so that you can move from accepting your neighbor to loving your neighbor, and so to being true. Beloved of God, do not remain unprepared, be aware that you will be tested in the Warning, and the earth will be disturbed by a meteorite, in both cases man will suffer. Children of God, abide in constant thanksgiving to the Holy Trinity and your Queen and Mother, doing God's Will, not forgetting that God's Mercy is infinite, so as human creatures you cannot understand or accept it. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ voluntarily subjected himself to the suffering of his painful ordeal to save each of you; for our King, one man is worth his painful ordeal. Few lay down their lives for their brothers and sisters; on the contrary, you take each other's lives through various practices, abusing your senses; you enter into impiety through the snare of the devil, who misleads you, so that in one breath you lose what our King and Redeemer sacrificed. Because of this, you do not act in spirit as you should. Pray, the planet will go into darkness caused by the eruption of a large volcano, causing a volcanic winter effect on the earth. Pray, make a firm commitment to be love, and like our and your Queen and Mother, be the first disciples of our King and Lord Jesus Christ; in this way you will achieve true humility. Pray, the earth shakes from north to south, from east to west. Yearn, desire, beg for the gifts of the Holy Spirit, so that as children of God you will not lack wisdom, intelligence, counsel, fortitude, knowledge, piety and the fear of God. All God's people should recognize each other, maintain peace, unity and love. We, the heavenly legions, continue to do God's Will for the sake of the children of the One who is Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth. Do not waver, keep the faith, draw near to Divine Love, to Divine Mercy just and true. Enter the Sacred Heart of Jesus and in Him make a firm commitment not to break down. You live in the world, but you are not of the world, nor will worldliness give you eternal life, pray at any time, not forgetting that prayer is action, it is the word, the work of God's people. We have been sent to guard you; be worthy of this honor. You are traveling companions and guardian angels. To all people of good will... Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 07 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved in God, may the blessing of our King and Lord Jesus Christ be an increase and greater awareness in the face of the constant attacks God's people face. You must stand like a sentry who does not abandon his post, stand with a fixed gaze, not distracted, so that you can find the treasure that constantly emerges from within man, looking not only with the eyes of the body, but also with the eyes of the soul, for in the body we see the fruits, and in the soul we multiply them. Man possesses spiritual greatness, which includes the gifts of the Holy Spirit. Now is the exact moment for you to extract this divine nectar from each gift of the Holy Spirit, to renew your commitment to the Divine Will with the depth of each gift - the one you, as God's creatures, must fulfill. Children of God, you must possess the gift of love, so that the other gifts will spill over to you, and so that you will not just be spectators, but actors of life, actors in society, in the community, in the workplace, actors who spread the love that dwells in every person, not just poor spectators, who do not bear fruit, but those who protect the seed, sow it and care for it with devotion, so that the insects that come with the intention of devouring the crop do not succeed in destroying it, and so that you will eventually appear before our King and Lord Jesus Christ with an abundant harvest for God's glory. You must understand that nothing is yours, everything is Divine property, and that likewise Divine Love moves man to work and act in goodness. How we protect humanity from the constant snares of evil, from man who rejects us and embraces evil! And yet, knowing the crisis of faith in which humanity finds itself, we do not cease to liberate it where the human will allows us to do so. Children of God, I do not want to create fear, God is Love and out of love He sends me to warn you, so that spiritual apathy does not shackle you to ignorance. Wake up, pray for all mankind, proclaim God's purposes and the chaos prevailing in mankind through disregard for God's Law. As God's people, I urge you to pray and to practice prayer, to turn away from what is temporal and enjoy what is spiritual, knowing that although you perceive the rejection of God's Law, you can abide in the firmness of those who know that there is one and only God, 'before whom every knee bends.... Humility is the great virtue of the true child of God, it transforms stubbornness into obedience, discouragement into security, foolishness into light, apathy into mercy, barrenness into water, lack of appetite into hunger for the word of God. You, the chosen ones of the Most High, do not waste a single moment, because deep down you know that a door has opened for the man of this generation to cry out to God and meet his Creator anew, to repent for the reproaches, heresies, blasphemies, for the great disobedience he keeps to the Most Holy Trinity, and for his dislike of our and your Holy Mother. Every moment is an opportunity for the human creature to see the open door, the door of eternal Salvation. In order to enter through that door, mankind must be purified, not because the Holy Trinity wants it, but because of mankind's submission to the devil and his machinations, because of the great insult to God that is the abortion law, because man rejects the natural law and attaches himself to sinning against the Spirit of God. God's love is open to receive man, God's love calls all His children to spiritual preparation, God's love cries out for the unity of His children to be together even when the world rejects them. Life in God is not just one more chance, it is eternal life. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the trumpet has sounded, mankind does not notice, is not prepared, does not believe, does not wait, does not love God, does not realize the spiritual barrenness in his Heart, rubs against evil and then accepts it, and the nations increase their threats against each other, from where the lightning of disaster will emerge. By means of economics, the mighty of this world dominate the nations, imposing norms on them that offend God and foster the worship of the devil, impoverishing them to become his vassals. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the earth is in danger. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, for the pain of childbirth is gripping the whole earth. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, that under the protection of the light of the Divine Spirit the darkness will disappear and that you will be people of faith and worshippers of the Divine Will. From Heaven comes a blessing for the human race; the Angel of Peace is a Divine promise to all mankind, do not despise this blessing that the House of the Father will send for the sake of its children; Heaven will show its glory, and the persecutors of God's people will tremble. Do not trouble yourselves, do not fear, the Blessed Trinity protects you. If you feel that you have lost all hope, it is because faith is faint and waning. There is nothing greater than the Divine Word, nothing more powerful than the Divine Word, nothing higher than the Divine Word. Therefore, keep the peace. God will not let go of the hand of him who is in God. We, the armies of heaven, guard you, dispose of your human will so that we can help you. In God, one and triune. To people of good will. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 15 2019 - Jesus Christ
My most beloved people, I bless you in every moment, in every step you take, in every word you say, so that my children will understand that they must come closer to me. Beloved children, you must trust me more, so that you will not be in bondage to the affairs of this world and choose the wrong paths. A large part of mankind is in extreme convulsions, immersed in the stench of sin, I do not please them, they reject me with painful actions, contrary to my Will. My word to you is a word of spiritual vigilance, you urgently need to grow in the face of the accelerated events that confront you, and if you have not grown spiritually, you are as vulnerable as the sails of a boat. I stand before sinful humanity; I am here with My Mercy, and I welcome every sinner who is truly repentant, who has confessed his sins, no matter how serious, and who retains the will to change his ways. I urge you to return to Me and not humiliate yourselves with sin. My children, you are so foolish that you are incapable of reading into My Will, because you delay in picking up the blemishes and do not listen to Me, who calls you to grow, to set aside the small things of this world and to embrace the greatness that I offer you, so that you can rise to the heights of My Love, My Goodness, My Mercy. I come to you in search of souls who are strong, determined to continue in My ways, knowing that there are many of My children who have compromised with the devil, whom they serve without thinking. My people must be strong and convinced, so that nothing and no one will cause them to break down, because the legions of evil are intent on the destruction of souls. Therefore, with great attractions, they present to you all that is against My Will and so enslave you that it is you who offend Me by renouncing to follow Me, being disobedient, lacking in love for your neighbor and tolerant of the grave offenses that people commit against Me. At this very moment, when man is not only spreading his intolerance throughout the earth, but is cooperating so that nations maintain a constant threat through words and challenges to armaments, economics and all sorts; this is when the interests of war are moving in the vestibule of humanity, under the shadow of the truth that hides war. My people, great suffering hangs over mankind; diseases that you thought had been eradicated will return to terrify you, as they spread very quickly in these times. Children, you must remain obedient to my Law, be strong in faith, so that you do not follow in the footsteps of so many who lose faith in me and reject my Mother. Pray, children, it is necessary for you to pray and see the fruits of this prayer, the product of spiritual growth. Do not be distracted, pray with your Heart, I help you. Pray my children, pray for Central America, the earth is shaking and my children are suffering. Pray, my children, misfortune is coming upon nations where the slaughter of innocents is condoned and where they rebel against the nature of mankind established by my Father. Pray, my children, my Church is convulsed, wandering, seeing how my commands are perverted, bringing destruction to souls. Pray, my children, the United States is shaking, the sea is agitated. Beloved of my people, not content with this, the devil is moving to seek revenge on my Mother's children. How I suffer over the sacrileges you commit against me. You ignore it, because that is what you want, that with these acts evil increases and you limit yourselves spiritually! It is necessary for my Church to prevent the rejection of my Mother. If you continue to accept this grave error, my Church will face great confusion and decadence. Some of my priests forbid my people from devotion to my Mother. At the same time, nature itself cries out to man not to remove my Mother from his life, and at this denial the waters will be forcibly stirred up and there will be a great lamentation of man. Until you give back to my Mother the place that our Blessed Trinity has assigned to her as my Mother and the Mother of my people. Beloved children, my people, do not persist in error, do not kill the innocent, do not be perverse to those who do not yet speak the words; a man is a man, a woman is a woman, such is human nature, which is denied with great arrogance by those who will later, amidst great lamentations, groan between cries of horror and trepidation. Enough of this man who is a spectator of the mistakes of his fellow men; wake up, do not be imitators of sin, do not be imitators of evil. My Love is not opaque, it still shines, man is the one who must seek my Love. I am who I am, I am your God! I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 20 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved in God, our King and Lord Jesus Christ blesses you and calls you to be renewed as His children, in spirit and truth. The call is one: come back! Without quickening your step, you cannot achieve what is necessary for you to resist the trials of evil. The spiritual battle is intensifying against God's people, I am sent to call you to change your life. I am sent to call you to holiness, so that your life, work and action will be completely transformed. You will not see a flood of water, but you will see fire coming down from heaven in the face of evil, in which a great number of human beings, members of God's people, are raging against man himself. React as a generation, as beings who are created by God! Invoke our King and Lord Jesus Christ and ask your Guardian Angels to adore you constantly, so that you will not be distracted by evil. Children of our Mother and Queen of all creation, be vigilant, this battle that the devil is waging fiercely against souls reveals his main goal, division. In this way, in division and separation, he attacks with greater force, divides families, society, groups involved in promoting a particular piety in the Church, divides those who belong to secular orders, divides those who serve in churches, divides groups that evangelize in the People of God, divides, divides in order to conquer, divides man's psyche so that human ego can dominate, divides man's Heart so that human ego can dominate, divides human reason so that human ego can dominate, divides the ground of man's life so that man fluctuates between two states, that of God and that of 'this is who I am'. Don't let Satan deform your soul, don't let your heart harden, don't look at the weaknesses of others with a lack of humility, don't live trapped in a state of looking for other people's faults, because this is dangerous for the soul. Seek peace like one who seeks treasure; focus your life differently, using memory to live, reaping as much benefit from it as possible. Memory is a great gift from God, don't muddy it up with the past; in the face of painful memories, the healing response must be Divine Memory; this will compel you to act in the likeness of the Compassionate God, the Merciful God, the God of Love, the God who allows the air to be breathed by the just and the unjust, the God who allows the sun to shine on the just and the unjust. Don't live with a lesser memory, but the one the Holy Spirit gives you, a memory that doesn't hurt, that forgives and uplifts. Be shrewd, do not fight with earthly weapons, but with spiritual weapons in the face of the constant attacks of evil, whose deceit and persistence against all the children of our Queen you know well, and whose ultimate goal of the devil in the Great Tribulation is to destroy the children of our and your Queen and Mother. There is one answer and no other, love. It is urgent that you wake up and constantly look at the world from the true point of view, where you will find the disastrous spiritual, moral, social, cultural state of humanity, where evil reigns everywhere, along with the satanic vandalism of death. Do not persist and continue to live what the world lives, you should feed on love, the only Divine Love. Fight with Divine Love - this is how the children of light distinguish themselves from the children of darkness. Mankind did not foresee the present moment, but destroyed most of the dowry that God gave to man, and at the moment is experiencing a passive war in which great powers are immersed, a war of ideological domination in various countries, a war of religious persecution, a war of famine, a technological war and an economic war through which power dominates and decides. Beloved in God, mankind will suffer, not by the will of God, but by their actions and works outside the will of God. Pray, the plague will become a pandemic, and man will limit his actions in the world, prepare yourselves. Pray, the continents are strongly shaken. Pray God's children, the economy will go from being a necessity for man to being one more God for this generation and its survival. Pray children of God, from Rome will come that which will make the whole world amazed; the spear will once again pierce the side of our and your King. Beloved of God, I am a messenger, and as a messenger I call upon you to keep the peace, so that peace will lead you to calm in the face of the astonishing events of nature. In every generation, God warns, man does not listen and denies. Man suffers foolishness, and God's mercy is revealed in all its splendor to those who remain faithful, striving to be better in every way. Apostles of the end times, be steadfast, strong in faith, and do not forget that the human clock does not go forward, but goes backwards. Do not forget that the Holy Trinity and our and your Queen suffer the thirst of souls. Who like God! In the name of God, the One and Triune. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 28 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my blessing should be taken more seriously. You are living in a period that must be lived in the spirit, so that afterwards you will live in my Love and be a faithful part of my people. After these words, our Lord Jesus magnificent, wearing a white tunic and with yellow, shining embroideries, with wavy, light chestnut hair and eyes the color of deep honey, says to me: 'My beloved, see my Heart shriveled because of the lack of love of my children, see how my Heart beats because of the insolence of my children, who demand that I depart from their lives! At this moment, the Sacred Heart of Our Beloved Lord passes through his tunic and emerges above his cloak, and I watch in awe as, with this dryness of his Sacred Heart that he tells me about, it shines with total light; I see it alive, the light merging with the blood; an impressive and inexplicable component of the Divine Majesty. Our Lord tells me: 'see how human nature is no longer respected, and man, wishing to oppose Me, creates an immoral form of man-to-man and woman-to-woman relations. They have wounded my Will! Entangled in the madness in which those who insist on rebelling against me have arisen, blinded by obedience to the devil, who has saturated their minds with a new cult, satanic. They do not realize what they radiate to all creation, disobedience, lack of love, godlessness, madness, abandonment, death, they have buried faith in me and are crucifying me anew, committing so many heresies and constant sacrileges! The darkness of man's soul reaches all of creation and triggers great events that cause humanity to live in great tribulation. Great nations are banding together to form alliances against other nations in order to invade them and thus dominate, among other things, the great nation of the north. Our Lord Jesus Christ allows me to see this great invasion in America and in Europe at the same time; I see the United States stripped of its riches and other nations plundered and subjugated to the service of evil. Suddenly he tells me: 'My beloved daughter, look carefully.... And suddenly a globe appears in front of me, approaching with great speed and stopping, and I look at the geography of all of America; He points me to North America, which is rising, leaving various layers of the earth uncovered, and our beloved Lord tells me: 'watch out'. And all of a sudden I see a movement starting from the core of the earth, which becomes stronger and stronger, until it reaches the surface. My Lord Jesus Christ says to me: 'daughter, my beloved, watch how this great earthquake takes place, it speeds up as it goes up and the movement is greater'. I look at how the tectonic plates open up and how what man has built moves strongly and great skyscrapers collapse; human pain is great, for a moment there is silence, and then amidst the lamentations I hear many asking our Lord for forgiveness. 'My child, I have repeated to you with exactness that the earth will move strongly, that there will be great earthquakes through which all the people of the earth will suffer for not repenting and for opposing me. Part of this perverse generation will plunge into darkness, and after this darkness will come privation. You don't believe, you don't see yourselves, you don't convert, you consider my warnings and my Mother's warnings invalid, even though small warnings are reaching the earth from the universe about what will come to the earth on a large scale, causing great destruction.' Do not accept modern trends concerning my Word, adhere to my Law and enter into my Word, be love, as I am Love, true Love. Do not participate in the modern trends that they want to subject my Church to, my Word is one. My people, be more spiritual, so that, strengthened by My Holy Spirit, you may be fraternal, remembering that evil gnaws at the Heart of man, instilling in him anxieties and inclinations that are not My Will, in order to confuse you and deprive you of eternal Salvation. Do not turn away from My Mother, in Her you will find the strength to continue walking on My Way. Come to the aid of your brothers and sisters, prepare yourselves in spirit and with the basics, not forgetting that I reward those who strive. Do not be among those who preach only My Love and not My Justice. The action of one of the great leaders of the world will be silenced and humanity will panic, the opponents will seize the moment and take action. I want you to understand that you are inflicting punishment on yourselves, in which there are diseases, natural phenomena, revolts of man against me and against my Mother. The war you are experiencing in silence will become the terrible and final Third World War. Pray, my people, pray for all of humanity, which is mired in its own catastrophe fueled by evil. Pray, my people, most of the earth is shaking - the result of man's evil actions. Pray, my people, pray, the pestilence is progressing, as is the conduct of people who do not believe in me, who penetrate my revelations and the revelations of my Mother not out of fear, but in order to negate them, having accepted evil. My people, these revelations are for you to prepare spiritually; do not fear those who mock you, do not fear rejection. The events that man himself attracts will come, and with my Love you will help those who have rejected you. Come to me, do not give up on saving your souls! After saying these words, our Lord left, blessing mankind. I bless you with my Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 03 2019 -
People of God, worshipping the One and Triune God, say with me: 'who like God!", enjoy the greatness of being children of God and unite in Divine Love, so that the confusion that divides mankind will not surprise you. Children of God, mankind suffers from a great chill, a chill caused by the lack of love that prevails among the children of God, who do not know love, and in the face of this, creation sees this lack and says to man: react, because without Divine Love, hearts and physical and spiritual senses fade! Do you strive for spiritual goods and to elevate yourself? Be Divine Love and obtain peace. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ does not want you to drink the bitter cup of confusion that causes you suffering, so He sent me to constantly kindle the flame of Divine Love in every human creature who asks for it, in the face of the dark thoughts in which a great number of people live, intensifying jealousy, impatience, imprudence and lack of love, which spill over into the spiritual senses, causing a lack of spiritual development of humanity, which is exactly what the devil needs to trap the greatest number of souls. I urge you to pray in and out of time, so that worldliness does not overwhelm you; therefore, preach, preach the Word of God, so that neither you nor your brothers and sisters are lost. Do not deny the calls of our King and Lord Jesus Christ or the calls of our and your blessed Mother. Be beings who intercede on behalf of your brothers and sisters for the good of all humanity in the face of the great changes taking place on earth. The changes in man's thinking have reached his Heart and thus his work and actions, hardening or softening you, each person chooses what he wants to have - blessing or destruction. Blessing stands before mankind in a special form, so that as many human creatures as possible can be saved. Look up, people of God, do not go in vain, but rather toward spiritual growth or toward spiritual decline; with your own free will you decide toward what. Every nation will be purified, some more than others, for which is the Divine desire, so that help among God's people will increase among brothers and sisters, and so that you will bear witness to the Divine Love with which you live. You are in a moment of pain in the face of human disobedience and humanity's acceptance of the devil, with his vices and perversions. Pray, children of God, pray for humanity so that it does not sink into the vices of evil. Great errors are spreading over God's people, so that God's people will not obey our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ, drawing you away from what is good, and so that you will be persecuted, deprived of all goods, wandering and scourged by those who have united themselves with evil. Pray children of God, pray, humanity is suffering unimaginable things. Pray, the earth is shaking with all its might. Humanity cannot understand that it is on the way to great and terrible misfortunes caused by disobedience to the Holy Trinity and disrespect to our and your Queen and Mother. Pray children of God, sea water polluted by man is the cause of serious diseases in man. You are before the Spirit of God, who leads you to spiritual heights to be bearers of faith, knowledge, fortitude, hope and readiness to work and act in the depths of divine greatness, which you will only find if you are true creatures who constantly strive for the divine. Do not break down, even if the trials are the hardest; persevere without wavering, for the truth is of God and only He knows the depths of the human heart. Be faithful and strive for the unity of God's children. What is to come is not easy for man to experience, and you must protect one another. At the time of great events, the help of one toward the other is what will guide you to abide in faith. Protection of God's people. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 09 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you continually and call you to follow in My footsteps. Follow in My footsteps, so that you may go on safely and not stray. You have the freedom to choose, I call upon you to choose the good at this time, when humanity is facing a great precipice caused by the spiritual confusion in which my children abide, so I ask you to abide in my Truth, without fear, because I protect you. My people, you must bend your knees and stretch out your hands toward our Trinity, offer fasting, pray to my Mother and call upon my Archangels, not forgetting your guardian angels - your traveling companions - to ask for the intercession of my saints and serve one another before the great trial that is looming over humanity. You know where to find me, in my Body and Blood, from where you receive the strength to repel the constant attacks of nature and the violent action of man through sin, which has contaminated creation, so it rebels against man, and you suffer through nature. My beloved people, it is necessary for human beings to be humble and in solidarity in order to be able to cope with what is coming upon humanity. Alone, you will not be able to have what is necessary to overcome the multitude of obstacles that humanity will have to face because of its own will and acceptance of sin. Love me by knowing me, love me by being my Love, love me as I love you. The activity coming from the earth's core is increasing, and with it the volcanoes are awakening with a loud roar that man is not used to. The earth continues to shake due to earthquakes. Pray, my children, pray for the United States, nature is hitting it with great force, immediately my children must return to me, this beloved land is suffering. The wind and the waters of the seas are uniting, reaching levels beyond what is normal for man. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico, return to me and love my Mother, turn away from the constant sin in which many of my children persist. This nation is shaken and suffering through water. The modern trends in which mankind is immersed make me nauseous; my children have one nature, not the one that man wants to impose on the whole earth. Those who, through their economic power, dominate the governments of most of the nations of the world, feel powerful and implant immorality, such a grave sin against the gift of life; they sow terror where they will and anesthetize consciences even in the hierarchy of my Church; they are those who have opened the door to the antichrist and will lead him to seduce humanity, which will experience the worst and greatest pain. You are living in times of war, the powers are punishing each other, and suddenly there will be a great spark that will leave humanity in great sorrow. Pray, my children, pray, Brazil is suffering, you must pray, diseases are wreaking havoc. Pray, my children, pray, Bangladesh is shaken and the water is cleansing it; pray for my children of Chile. My beloved people, you have rebelled against our Divine Will; creation is responding so that mankind will repent and my children will not lose eternal life. I urge you to look up; you will see fire descending toward the earth, anticipating what will come to earth unexpectedly, fall into the sea and cause great destruction. You must take seriously what I reveal to you, be obedient children - do not neglect my calls. Have you been waiting for the signs indicating to you the beginning of the fulfillment of my and my Mother's warnings? You are already experiencing it, do not continue to attach yourselves to the god of money, the war sustained by the superpowers will cause the collapse of the economy and how many of my children will lose their minds because of it! How my Heart hurts! Come to me, my children, find in me the comfort you need, do not seek sin. To you, my children of my Heart and children of my Mother, I demand that you go to seek the sinner and receive him with my Love; my children are recognized in this way, they are Love, as I am - Love. Do not forget that there is no sin, however grave, that My Mercy would not forgive, if the sinner sincerely repents and resolutely seeks to improve. My Mercy is infinite; it must be the same with My children. Come to Me, children, come to Me! I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 15 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, receive the Love of our and your Lord Jesus Christ and our and your blessed Mother, Queen of Heaven and Earth. With the desire that this generation recognize and glorify its Lord and its God and be one with the Most Holy Trinity, I am sent when humanity is lost in currents that do not come from our King and Lord Jesus Christ, which no longer stalk the earth or souls, but have penetrated into the depths. This is not the time for the Church of your King and Lord Jesus Christ to be scattered, for this is the moment for which Satan has been waiting to enter the people of God and take the greatest number of souls with him. Confusion does not delay, starting from homes, in the church, in the great and the smallest details of life, confusion is introduced by the angels of evil, who do not waste a moment to increase their spoils. This is the generation that will experience the great act of God's mercy, the Warning, which will be accompanied by the event I described to you in previous revelations, during which no soul will fail to be examined by itself, all souls will want to see themselves, like bees clinging to honey. Beloved of God, the One and Triune, constantly respond to our King and Lord Jesus Christ, so that you will not be induced to turn away and give in, when the pressure of evil is exerted on man not only through what man receives from the outside, but on a personal level, working in his psyche and from there hardening his Heart, his senses, and above all changing his heart to a hardened heart that sees only evil. At this moment, a person is constantly tempted without respite, even in his sleep, so that when he awakens, he takes up again the rags in which he was clothed and which he had previously exchanged for new clothes in a new life in the love of Christ. To love your King, it is not necessary to have an intellect, but a heart of flesh and a humble creature in which understanding and love for brothers and sisters shines through. Man, individualistic and discerning, is a cultivated field for the development of evil, causing others to act and work in confusion and submission; nations have thus become fields of spiritual warfare, there is no communion between brothers, but strictly defined, separate and different lines of thought. Children of God, you should not separate yourselves from true doctrine; this is the moment of great truth, when the sheep must know how to listen to the voice of their shepherd, otherwise they will be driven to the cliff. One quality distinguishes a child of God in this moment of darkness, and that is humility, which leads to forgiveness between brothers, everywhere, and especially in the family, so that you are not overcome by pride. Children of God, warn your brothers and sisters of the Warning, it is near, just as the purification of humanity has begun. Another drop from the Eternal Father's cup has been poured on mankind, the earth is opening up, great tectonic faults are causing discouragement among mankind, which is suffering through great earthquakes. Pray, people of God, pray for Mexico, it will shake hard. Humanity is suffering greatly. Pray, people of God, pray for the United States, it is being cleansed again and again, its people must return to the way of their King and Lord, this earth is shaking with force, and nature is scourging it time and again. Pray the Holy Rosary. Pray God's people, pray; the sun makes the earth, and therefore man, suffer. Beloved, the sea surprises with its strength; without an earthquake on the surface, the bowels of the earth shake. Pray, people of God, pray, terrorist attacks are increasing, and man is suffering. It is urgent that you work in the spiritual field; spiritual protection is necessary in the face of the kingdom of darkness, which has thrown itself at humanity, hunting for prey. The devil knows how long he has and is accelerating and increasing his persecution against God's people. Ideologies, presented as great innovations, have long been in preparation to be openly shown to mankind at this moment of world upheaval, in which everything is new, evil is good, and good deeds are seen as evil. God's people will suffer and be singled out; Rome will be invaded by those it has embraced, and God's people will be persecuted throughout the world, so I urge you to strengthen your faith, hope and love. God's children must unite and be one in holy hearts, so that protection will be mutual and so that piety and being more spiritual will be understood by all. Humanity must change, be fraternal, love one another as our King and Lord loves you, in order to survive the purifying changes that the earth has entered. In God the One and Triune. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 20 2019 - Mother of God
Dear children of my Immaculate Heart, my Heart burns with love for each of my children! The House of the Father gives all of its children the help they need, so that they do not get lost if they desire it. You can turn to all the angelic choirs, to the intercession of the saints, so that you remain on the path to eternal life. In its constant struggle for souls, united with the foolishness of human beings and their desire to impose their free will, evil keeps this generation in a sin greater than that experienced by those creatures who provoked the great punishments of the Flood, Sodom and Gomorrah and what happened to the Tower of Babel. Beloved children of this Mother, it is necessary for all of you to realize the responsibility of being children of God and the knowledge that you have regarding what my Son entrusted to you at the moments when mankind entered the path of the Great Purification without return. Children, I urge you to realize how much you have received, what great blessings those who rejoice in being children of my Son and members of the mystical body of my Son's Church receive. The devil does not wait, he overtakes man to set his traps and lead you off the path of eternal Salvation. Be cautious, look through a microscope, do not let the lenses of faith become filthy and that which is vile penetrate your mind, your thoughts, your reason and lead you astray. Take seriously those warnings that guide you to live in unity with the Divine Commandments and in the work and action of a true child of God. This is the moment when every child of God must get involved and be an apostle of the Divine Word to your brothers and sisters, maintaining the humility without which you will not be true children of my Son. This path is not an easy one, on the contrary, your faith must be strong and powerful, so that you do not fall behind on this path at a time when you must remain united to the Will of God, so that you are not guided by human will, but by the Will of God. Beloved of my Immaculate Heart, do not retreat, look toward eternal life, do not depart from the path of Salvation, even if times are hard, even if you are criticized, even if you are ridiculed, even if you are treated with indifference, even if you are rejected, even if you are called crazy or what is unthinkable to you, keep the faith! Do not forget that my Son has called each of you by name, do not forget to abide in the state of Grace and feed on the Body and Blood of my Son, do not forget to pray, do not forget to fast, those whose state of health allows it, otherwise offer to fast from whatever is most suitable to the human will. As the Mother of Humanity, and as the fulfillment of all revelations approaches, with my Immaculate Heart I ask you to become aware of the urgent need for conversion. Children, return to my Son, do not remain in Satan's deceptions. You are experiencing the beginning of the great suffering of this generation. All over the earth there are natural events of one kind or another that seek the recognition that human beings must offer to their Creator, so I ask you to quickly repent of your sins and to take with great seriousness the life that God has given you. Pray, beloved children, pray for Jerusalem, weeping and pain come to this beloved land. Pray, beloved children, pray for Japan, she will again become news to the eyes of mankind. Pray, beloved children, pray for each of you, that faith will overcome the madness of human selfishness. Pray, beloved children, pray that water, the element of life, will not be contaminated by those who put themselves in the service of evil. Pray, beloved children, pray that what was expected will come for humanity - you will know the power of nature on earth. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, prepare yourselves spiritually, those who must convert, let them do so. It is urgent that you love God, that you make amends with those who teach hatred for God and for those who are children of God. Humanity is the prey of the devil, and his goal is to reduce God's people to as few as possible, so you must remember that if you are excluded, you will be excluded even more, so as Mother I call on you to unite, to pray, to offer, to fast, to observe the sacraments, and to look sincerely at your Hearts. Children, this moment is uncertain for those who are lukewarm, and my children are not lukewarm, my children belong to the people of my Son, not forgetting the Divine Mercy to which they must constantly turn. In these times of tribulation for all mankind, I uphold the arm of the Eternal Father. Be unity, love, brotherhood in the midst of earth tremors and great tectonic events, as well as the serious activity of sleeping volcanic giants, as well as the waters of the seas and their unexpected reactions. Fear not, children, fear not; my Son does not abandon you, nor does this Mother turn away from you. In the Name that is above all names, in the Name of the Most Holy Trinity. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 28 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved in God, as children of God who want to save themselves and build their personal spirituality on the firm foundation of the Gospel, in order to give themselves to brothers and sisters, being those who fulfill the First Commandment, I call you to vigilance. I ache for the indifference of a great number of human beings who go through life without realizing what humanity is going through, sometimes because they do not know God in their homes, or have removed Him from their lives, and parents give their children total freedom to make decisions for which they are not prepared. This is part of the great struggle between good and evil that entered homes with television and has spread everywhere through technological media, which are supposed to be able to transform people in their work and actions. The work has been slow, but at the moment its fruits are appearing before most of humanity without ears, without eyes, without heart, without mind, without thought, caught up in the debauchery that has led them to be ruled by the human ego, completely tainted by what is sinful and immoral. Those who are consecrated to our and your King and Lord, Jesus Christ, must raise their voices and warn God's people about what is happening, at a time when holiness is required of every person. Even if they live in the midst of derision and persecution from those who do not maintain their zeal and zeal for the truth. You are in the midst of great trials, in the midst of various opinions, lukewarmness, temptations; man has become darkened by the hardening of his heart, has lost love, and lives in the midst of many opinions emerging from the very bosom of the Church, which represents our King and Lord Jesus Christ. The schism is coming soon, the differences among the clergy are coming to light, and the people of God are embracing what allows them more freedom; there are few who do not want reforms that distort true doctrine. Because of this, scandals will become greater and more frequent. God's children are going astray, accepting with great foolishness the immorality and falsehood that allows them to work and act in disobedience to God's Law, nullifying the Commandments, fasting and prayer itself, so that evil moves with greater freedom among God's children. Evil will say to you, You are deceived, you have been deceived! Nothing existed - not the Scriptures, not the Commandments, not the Sacraments, all this was for the purpose of manipulating humanity. Children of God, beloved of your King and Lord Jesus Christ, watch at all times, keep your faith unshaken, no matter how many trials await you, do not follow the broad path of sin, of ease, do not listen to those who tell you that the gospel is foolishness. The Antichrist is pulling the strings that must be prepared by his minions to pave the way. Keep your lamps burning, don't follow false doctrines or new ideologies that change the Word of God, be vigilant - the devil will not present evil as evil, on the contrary, he will deceive you. Be alert to what you are told to do that is not part of the true doctrine; don't forget that the devil has entered the church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, therefore 'the Woman clothed with the sun, with the moon under her feet' will come to crush the antichrist, and with her the Angel of Peace. Do not let fear overwhelm you, but on the contrary, learn the true doctrine, know the Holy Scriptures, feed on the properly prepared Body and Blood of Christ, and constantly make a firm resolution not to sin. The earth is suffering because of the man who destroyed it, encroaching on creation for human benefit with no mercy and no thought for the future. Right now the water has been contaminated, the earth itself has been poisoned, the air is polluted, the creation is groaning - not because man does not honor it, but because man has destroyed what God gave man for his sustenance. Remember that the only one who should be worshipped is God, the One and Triune; creation rises up against man because man does not correspond to God as God's creation. The sun behaves in an unusual way and consequently harms the earth. Pray, children of God, pray for Japan, because a great earthquake will divide it. Pray, children of God, pray for the United States, this great nation will receive the harshest lesson. Pray, children of God, volcanoes are wreaking havoc all over the earth. Pray children of God, pray for the Catholic Church, sacrifice and fast. Beloved children of God, this generation is suffering and suffering will increase, but God's children have God's help at every moment, do not be afraid, do not be afraid, be faithful. With the legions of heaven I protect you in the name of the Blessed Trinity and our Queen and Mother Mary most holy. To Him is the power, honor and glory forever and ever, Amen! Who is like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 02 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, our King and Lord Jesus Christ wants everyone to be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth. Each of your guardian angels, your traveling companions, is at the pinnacle of his mission to you, in the face of all the rejection to which everything that represents divinity is subjected. There are so many snares of evil constantly lurking to bring you down that the work of your guardian angels has increased, given the weakening of the human will and the risk of you losing eternal life. You do not pay attention when I call on you to be fed with the Body and Blood of your King and Lord Jesus Christ. You do not repent of the sins you have committed, nor do you want to change, you do not come to confession with a contrite heart, but with a confused mind that does not know what it wants, imbued with a lack of love for the Holy Trinity and your neighbor. The devil works strenuously to make man a cause of division among God's people, and in this way the spoils of evil quickly increase in the face of a distracted humanity that lacks discernment. You move in worldliness and have become spiritually lukewarm creatures, and as a result you change your thoughts and feelings very easily. This is a grave danger in which you remain in these moments before great disasters of various kinds, and you will feel easily rejected for being very reckless of sin. Faith in the Divine Word is necessary. It is necessary for you to have faith so that you will choose to live under the protection and with the help of Heaven itself, so that you will not be misled by wolves in sheep's clothing. It is necessary for God's children to recognize Divine Truth and maintain the discernment that the Holy Spirit gives you. For this you need to be beings who have emptied themselves of the stench of evil and are ready to be more of God than of the world. People of God, the sun is emitting its magnetic plasma pollutants toward the universe, and they will reach the earth, at some point causing a breakdown in means of communication throughout the world. Then there will be cold weather all over the earth, and with it plagues that will affect mankind. Don't forget that volcanoes become active; some will cause more damage than others less, be vigilant regarding the Vesuvius volcano. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, you cannot imagine the path you have forged for yourselves. How much suffering from opening the door to the devil, by adopting false ideologies and making them the rules of life! Man erected temples to the devil and joined his dark infernal wishes, realizing them on the land you received as an inheritance. Do not continue to ignore the signs of these moments. Confusion spreads from country to country, from person to person, like a plague that spreads and adheres to the mind of man, hardening the heart against what is good. Be vigilant; evil, in its strategy against the children of our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ, continually sends man thoughts contrary to God's Law, and these are embraced by those who voluntarily refuse to live as children of God. Pray, without ceasing, for your brothers and sisters; mankind urgently needs to approach God and lend a hand to the One who is the Queen of Heaven and Earth, our and your Mother, the Blessed Virgin Mary. Pray as brothers, pray for Italy, whose people weep great tears. Pray with brotherly love, pray for Mexico, the earth is shaking because of the Popocatepetl volcano. Pray with faith, pray, provocations between powers are an alarm to humanity. Pray as brothers and sisters, pray for Switzerland, the climate is afflicting it. Humanity, which is suffering and will be shaken to the extreme, after cleansing and passing through the crucible, as children of God you will receive peace in your hearts and hope that does not disappoint. You will receive a great reward for your faithfulness. Forward, children of God. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 12 2019 - Jesus Christ
My most beloved people, my Love remains open to those who wish to come my way. Children, you must be a living witness of my Love, of my Mercy to your brothers and sisters. This is not a moment for lamentation, that moment will come soon. This is the time of decision, when each person will be blessed with my Mercy, so that one by one they will see the sins they have committed throughout their lives, confessed or unconfessed. They will see the good they did and what they stopped doing, the evil they committed, the sins of omission, all the way through life. Those who work and act in my likeness towards their brothers and sisters and repent with all their strength, power, senses and confess their sins, with a firm intention to improve, this child of mine will experience the Warning like any human being, but not with the intensity experienced by those who out of disobedience remain in the mud of sin, ignoring my calls, the calls of my Mother and the calls of my faithful Saint Michael the Archangel. My people, I want you to be true, and for this you must learn from your falls, so that you can rise, so that in the shelter of my Mercy, flooded with my Love and love for your neighbor, you can be saved, like the penitent thief; therefore, it is necessary for my children to ask for forgiveness and learn to forgive. Human beings are imperfect in some area of their lives; those who think they are righteous and unintelligent need to check themselves internally! My children tend to idealize themselves, not considering that what they assume can become a scapegoat that does not allow them to get close to me. You cannot judge your brother before you have judged yourself; you must, my children, make an immediate decision regarding the lack of mercy towards your brothers and sisters. Is anyone beyond reproach? Let them come to me and tell me how blameless they are, and I will answer them at the moment of Warning when they see themselves. My people, you have become spiritually blind, with a heart of stone, you are a sinner looking with a hardened heart at other sinners, you criticize, murmur secretly about your neighbor, believe you are right and deny your brothers love and forgiveness, and so you come near to receive me with the arrogance of the one who slapped me when judgment began against me in the palace of the high priest. And you, my people, whom have you judged and condemned, led by false witnesses who will later betray you to save yourselves from me? You must look within yourselves, examining yourselves first and foremost for love, and for forgiveness, for mercy, and you must kindle the flame of faith, lest you lose it because of those who, erring in their own fall, cause others to fall, lest they rise again. My people, I will return before you in Glory and Majesty, you will see me as a judge. How many on their deathbed do not forgive and condemn themselves? I speak to the living, my people, the people of the living and not the dead, I speak to you to act quickly and make amends. This disobedient generation that does not listen to me, does not listen to my Mother, nor to my envoy Saint Michael the Archangel, that is why you do not rise from your deathbed, where you remain with your pride and disobedience, that is why the vast majority of young people behave arrogantly, pointing the finger at their elders or at those of their age; you live among 'wolves in sheep's clothing', without barriers and limitations. The great events foretold by my Mother in the places of true revelations are being fulfilled; my faithful and true instruments, those who are denied and misunderstood by my people, and who have communicated to you what will happen in this generation, are being rejected, and my people, without stopping to look at their work and action, continue to jump gradually into the abyss of sins to which they have been reduced by Satan's servants, those who gather before mankind without concealment to decide the fate of nations, and mankind does not reason, wallowing in sins together with those who do not obey the Law of God. It is they who are responsible for the fact that the smoke of Satan, which in the past permeated My Church, now completely inundates and obscures it. Out of love I repeat to you part of the truth so that you will wake up, it is I, your Lord and His God, Jesus Christ, who speaks to you with the truth, because I see the hearts of the people. You must be saved, you must save your brothers and sisters, you must love Me, but first love yourselves and your neighbors. Lift up your eyes, look up and cry out in prayer, confess your sins and receive me to be strengthened, but receive me in peace. My people, pray not to lose faith, pray and receive Me in My Body and My Blood, do not come to receive Me unworthily clothed, let not he who has no clothes attend to receive Me as those who have clothes and offend Me. All is not lost, but you must wake up if you want to be saved; change your life, change your attitude, love as I love and repent. I suffer for your sufferings, for what you are experiencing and will experience, for your spiritual struggles and for how much you fail in obedience. I rejoice for my obedient children, for those who obey me and struggle at every moment not to fall, for those who strive to get up. I rejoice in those who remain available to help their brothers and sisters, and I rejoice in those who spread my Will, being the flame that burns in the midst of darkness. This Word of Mine is treasured by My people, and among My people are My children of the Sacred Hearts, whom I love, and I bless their perseverance in these prayer groups. My people, do not forget that at this time all the power of evil is pouring out on humanity, each person must be a beacon lighting the way to My Mercy, so that your brothers and sisters will not be afraid to convert and continue on My path. Pray, what has been revealed to you is being experienced by this generation. Pray, great nations are increasingly insecure. Pray, the elements are attacking man, causing him to suffer what is undesirable. Pray, the earth is shaking, and with this shaking the geography is changing. My beloved people, do not be afraid, repent, do not be afraid, repent, do not be afraid, I am Love without end, true Love. I am the Truth and the Life. I bless you with Infinite Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 18 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, the blessings and help of Heaven will not delay for those who humbly ask for help from the House of the Father and our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, while the enemies of the soul move with full freedom throughout the earth, seeking the destruction of souls. People of God, the demons move so fast that they manage to deprive souls of peace in a matter of seconds, through man's self-love, and mislead them to draw them away from our King and Lord Jesus Christ and from their brothers and sisters. I encourage you to be strong, to strive inwardly, so that you are not easy prey for evil. As God's creatures, you know the daily spiritual struggles, and at the same time you are witnesses of God's Love, which does not abandon you, but constantly helps you to see the Divine Companionship. You are children of God, the One and Triune, you are children of our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, and as children of God you form His people who are constantly called upon not to stray. You remain on a stretch of the road where you are being tested, shaken, put through a crucible to polish you, to remove those selfish and self-centered particles that make the spirit sick, pollute the soul and finally make the physical body collapse with feelings and emotions that make man sick, preventing him from reasoning and thinking in the likeness of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. I must announce this to you so that you do not forget this, people of God, the times of famine are approaching. It is important that you stock up on nonperishable food, given the unfavorable climatic conditions that will attack crops. Do not forget the medicines mentioned by Heaven for the diseases of these times. You should have clothing for extreme heat and cold, the weather will change from one extreme to another, to unimaginable levels. Plagues will spread throughout the land, insects will attack everything in their path. Houses will have to be protected in doors and windows, and one must not leave the place where one is until the aforementioned plague is over - otherwise one can suffer serious injuries. A person is no longer safe because of the reaction of the elements, these change in a matter of moments. Do not disregard my Words, so that you do not suffer unnecessarily. When you hear of a highly contagious respiratory disease, do not expose yourself to crowds or places where you have to share a few hours with your brothers and sisters, such as on airplanes and public transportation. Patiently wait until the aforementioned illness subsides. People of God, be obedient and patient, so that with due discernment and heeding my calls, you will be cautious about taking trips that are not a priority. The earth is at a boiling point and in some places this will result in the closure of airports and roads for several weeks due to volcanic eruptions, earthquakes or violent storms. Human beings have been modified in their actions and works, and being part of this daily process, they have experienced it as something normal, being attuned to modifications in behavior, morals and social rules. Humanity has been gradually conditioned to accept and support behavior that is contrary to natural human law. One can clearly see how humanity has taken its vertical course to meet a series of events that will purify it. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Mexico. This nation of our Queen and Mother will be fiercely purified. In the face of the sin that abounds in this nation, the Popocatepetl volcano will begin this cleansing without stopping the movements of the earth in various places in this nation. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Colombia, which, very severely tried because of its disobedience to the Divine calls and exhortations of our Queen and Mother, will see the Galeras volcano burn, just as its land will be shaken. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Ecuador and for El Salvador, which will be affected by nature. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for the United States, they will be shaken hard. Man continues to make his unforeseen attacks on his brethren. Italy - what suffering, what sin, what lament! Beloved people of God, be constant, pray and receive our King and Lord Jesus Christ properly prepared, not forgetting that the Spirit of God resides in every person. Pray for the coming of the Angel of Peace. Pray for proper repentance and atonement for the sins committed, and be kind to your brothers and sisters. With firm faith, by God and for God. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 26 2019 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I am the gate of Heaven, therefore I call you constantly to save souls and to be messengers of the love of God the Father. The people of my Son are the people who go, doing the Will of God, sharing with their brothers and sisters that merciful love that emanates from the Sacred Heart of my Son. I watch with sadness as some of my children, who are faithful to my Son, turn away, separate, become cold, lost, tainted by quarrels, jealousy and modernistic interpretations opposed to my Son, so that the snare of evil spreads throughout the earth to divide, because in division the devil surrounds souls and separates them from the fold of my Son. This generation finds itself immersed in great turmoil in every aspect of life, but above all it is held in a serious and growing tide of spiritual errors that drags you down and distances you from the true teaching. You must keep your faith in the promises of Salvation! These are neither fleeting nor illusions, but are a great reality that God's people will come to meet. I suffer from the youth who seek any excuse to run away from the side of my Son, getting caught up in the subtleties of the devil to keep them from fulfilling the Commandments and Sacraments, denying sound doctrine and failing to distinguish between good and evil. Those who approach my Son with a genuine desire for Salvation do not need explanations or justifications; for those who turn away from my Son, no word is enough, nor is any deed or work credible. I suffer for those who, calling themselves Christians and receiving my Son in the Holy Eucharist, are happy to cause divisions in the works of God's people. These children of mine will suffer so much in the Warning! At this time, the devil is attacking man's thinking, sensitivity and mind. Satan's weapon is division in order to succeed in victory, so you are constantly being called to unity and love. You should remember that man has a spiritual body, and this is where you must work hard to understand that you must exhale goodness without being corrupted by the pleasures of the world, which distance you from the true life in my Son. You must be messengers of Divine Truth, life after death exists. Sin is sin and you must confess it and atone for it. You are experiencing difficult times and you will experience even more difficult times, in which, although you have money, you will not be able to buy food, you will remember how you threw away food and at that moment you will crave it. My Son's Church will be plunged into darkness because of wrongdoing, and that's when the prophecies will be fulfilled one by one, giving you no time to breathe - so pray the Holy Rosary in spirit and truth! Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, in your families, communities, as much as you can, you must prepare shelters, which will be called shelters of the Sacred Hearts. In these places, supply yourselves with food and everything necessary for those who will come to them; do not be selfish, protect your brothers and sisters with the love of the Word of God contained in the Holy Scriptures, keeping before you the Commandments of the Law of God; in this way, united in faith, you will with greater strength withstand the fulfillment of the apparitions. The destruction prevailing in nature and among people is increasing. You are the cause and witnesses of this, living outside the harmony of the Heavenly Father. The winds are blowing with greater force, nature has already changed - she is not the one who looks kindly on man, who lives, works and acts inappropriately, trampling himself and the brother he should love. Pray, my children, pray for Puerto Rico, cry out in unity that underneath the turmoil, it is God's mercy that will calm the elements. Pray, my children, pray for Argentina, the chaos is worsening, lives are at risk, people are agitated. Pray my children, pray for Bolivia, she will suffer more from nature. My children, you are forgetting the spiritual life, the ascension and the Divine Love that needs to be revived in you. You do not truly love as you believe you love my Son, otherwise love for my Son would overcome all the contingencies of life and you would be constantly turned towards my Son, for the sake of your brothers and sisters. I bless you with my Love, I bless you! Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 05 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ and our and your Queen and Mother alert you out of love. Every act of love performed by you is not retained within yourselves, nor is it solely for your benefit, but for the benefit of all humanity. Divine Love is not static, but rather shared, and in this sharing it spreads where it is needed as you pray, act, fast and wholeheartedly offer your strength and senses, for it is the Holy Spirit who works as you work and act as our King and Lord Jesus Christ works. You should immediately entrust yourselves to Divine Love in this great stage through which mankind is passing, 'the era of the third Fiat, the era of the Holy Spirit.' In this era, the devil is prowling from one end to the other in search of the smallest opportunity to rule through division, which is the cause of the downfall of every good human goal. People of God, you must understand that as human beings you all walk a steep path, you swim against the current of the world, you are being formed to live on the true path, before which you must kneel and pray, fast and make sacrifices to find the wisdom to work and act. You must know that if you want to grow in spirit, you must remain ready to give your best; you always have something new to learn from. In this third Fiat, you cannot strengthen yourself and enter into the call that the Holy Trinity directs to you if you are not humble. The devil seeks pride to settle in creatures and harden their hearts. Prepare yourselves, beloved people of God, by growing in the gifts of God's holy Spirit, in the gift of wisdom, in which love shines forth, and the creature understands that God's plan must be exalted above all things and must not be an obstacle. The gift of understanding enlightens the human creature to see clearly into the truths revealed by God. The gift of counsel, so that you can discern among the possibilities presented to you - for this you must acquire, through this gift, the knowledge of how to listen and how to help your brothers and sisters. He will not judge by appearances, nor will he decide based on what his ears hear. He will judge the weak with justice, and the poor of the earth he will decide according to equity'. The gift of knowledge is not what the world believes, but is when inside each person God reveals to man what He knows about each of you. The gift of piety, this gift allows you to act towards your brothers and sisters in constant practice towards your brother and sister. Fulfilling God's will, a person stares tirelessly at the actions of Jesus in order to become like Him. The gift of fortitude is emphasized in faith, in living out what befalls the child of God with the heroism of the martyrs themselves. This gift strengthens perseverance and constancy, total trust in God, who does not turn away from man. The gift of the fear of God endows man with the will necessary to turn away from what leads him to fall into evil in order to work, live and act in accordance with God's will. I urge you to take my Words from the Will of God seriously for your good and the Salvation of souls. The Devil is making pacts with man to seize new power over humanity and thus dominate the world. Watch constantly so that the strength of all is one and so that evil cannot enter the children of the Most High. Holding on to the hand of our and your Queen and Mother of all creation at this time means constantly receiving the strength not to give up. The world and its machinations have intensified their struggle to lead God's people astray, as evil swarms all over the earth and man enjoys evil. God's people preserve God's love, not allowing human character, with its evil disposition, selfishness and so many ballasts that pull man in the wrong direction, to take the first place, but is shaped after the example of Christ. You know that evil delights in human weakness and loathes the strength in man, the strength that does not allow him to stray from the right path in our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ. Man has become materialistic, idealizing a certain tomorrow of comfort and abundance, forgetting that working and acting against God's Will draws misfortune upon mankind, causing the elements to reject man, not recognizing him. People of God, the war is still ahead of you, depends on the thought of a leader or a few leaders of the powerful to act in anticipation for fear of failure, for this step to be taken, leading humanity to the third world war. Turmoil in the spiritual, political, material and moral spheres is very destabilizing for humanity. One step and man will fall into the abyss of evil. Man, in order to save his soul, must make a strong and firm decision based on faith. Although it seems that evil is dominant, evil will not triumph, the Blessed Trinity is above all and in all forever and ever, amen. Vandalism and persecution are growing against that which represents our King and Lord Jesus Christ, against that which represents our Queen and Mother of all creation, and against the faithful of God. This will become widespread; you must not fear it, because you must save your soul, that is why I am sent. The power of Freemasonry and the illuminati is extremely disastrous for mankind, because they have infiltrated every human domain - you know this, the higher realms of the world have knowledge of this and deal with them, pretending not to know about it so as not to compromise themselves, because they are not interested in the Salvation of souls. People of God, the battle between good and evil begins with jealousy and divisions, be firm, keep the faith, do not let yourselves be overcome by lukewarmness. Persevere, be attentive and observe that nature rises with great fury against humanity, and man continues to be lukewarm and mocks our King and Lord Jesus Christ, whom he wants to expel from the center of his Church. Pray children, pray that the word of our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ will not be distorted. Pray children, pray for Hawaii, nature is causing Kilauea volcano to erupt with great force, Mauna Loa and Kilauea volcanoes are shaken. Pray children, humanity is a spectator to the suffering of your brothers and sisters; it will cease to be a spectator, and all will enter as actors in the history of humanity. Prepare yourselves for the Warning. People of God, you will suffer, and because of this suffering, God's great Mercy will send the Angel of Peace. Those who are waiting for him will recognize him. Be part of the community of saints. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 11 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Mercy constantly pours out on those who remain vigilant to be My true children and on those who change their lives and return to My way. There is no inflection in my children, they know my Law, and in the Heart of my people Divine Love for your brothers and sisters must prevail, keeping the Heart free from all harshness that hinders the constant flow of union with our Will. When My Love for all your brothers and sisters does not flow in a human being, that being is a cause of pain for Me, because you cannot remain in constant communion with My House, nor in the communion of the saints, because obstacles keep you between the 'now' and the 'not yet'. Humanity is between the darkness and the light of my Love, being a direct danger to those who do not have a strong faith, free from human ego. The devil attacks my children where he knows it hurts them the most, in order to then whisper in their ears to turn away from me, and in this way he leads them to perdition. My beloved people, when faced with the ultimate moment in human history, and therefore in your personal life story, the answer should be one - obedience. Therefore, my people must work and act not half-heartedly, but in full obedience as executors of my Will. You do not believe in the revelations of my Mother, Saint Michael the Archangel and mine, otherwise you would have already changed your work and action. You wait for the passage of time without intending to change your life, ignoring the fact that time is God's responsibility, not man's, and whoever waits to receive my Mercy should not wait until tomorrow to convert, but should do it right now. You cannot persist in lukewarmness, in unmercifulness, in jealousy, in the little or no mercy you maintain toward one another. You keep putting your hope in my Love, in my Mercy, without making the ultimate change, without trying to be better now! There are lukewarm people who want to follow My Way, not detaching themselves from their human ego, when the latter is soaked with dirt that keeps them in the mud. They seek anything that contains water to quench their thirst, but they do not drink the living water from my Sacred Heart, they resist complete conversion, keeping their hearts covered with pride, from which all evil comes. My people must ask themselves how much love is in their hearts, how much hatred, resentment, how much selfishness, how much desire to be my own love with all that entails. Lukewarmness is not a good companion, it poisons the spiritual body, leading to conceit, to arrogance, to obstacles that get in the way between the human creation and My Will, attaching itself to error. My people, this moment is a moment of reparation for those who wish to come closer to Me. It is a moment of repentance, of conversion, because in the face of Satan's poison, it is urgent that you remain strong and firm in faith, otherwise your lamentations will be greater when you are unable to break out of Satan's clutches. My people are infected with self-indulgence, deafness, blindness that only encourages them to stay where Satan tells them to stay, they are daily overcome by new demons that instill new errors, new acts of disobedience, new denials of the command to love my Father above all things and my neighbor, from which new denials arise every moment - of my Word, of my petitions, of my sacraments, until you come to indulge in the debauchery that Satan proposes to man to lead him away from me. My Church is also infested with new errors to divert you from the center of Our Blessed Trinity and to embrace innovations that are not the Will of Our Blessed Trinity, but of men who, abusing power, have drawn lines in the opposite direction to My Will. Man's wickedness emerges, striking all people. The seas unleash new and unknown forces against mankind, nature strikes human creation severely due to oppression, the air is contaminated and my children suffer. Earth tremors are intensifying, and the power of volcanoes is causing astonishment to mankind. The continuous exposure of the earth to the attacks of the sun has accelerated the earth's cycle, and the days are shortening so that man has less time to sin; whoever considers himself righteous will see his evil at its peak, and the righteous will be contaminated by the sin presented to them by Satan, hence my constant call for complete conversion, not to lukewarmness emanating from the majority, but to true conversion, in which man feeds on my Holy Spirit and not on himself. Great events will arise in the atmosphere due to the influence of the sun. Diseases plague man due to lack of faithfulness, society is a source where enemies of the soul swarm because of the spiritual emptiness in which you live. I urge you to be united, to be faithful and true, not to sell my Word, lest it be torn away by hypocrites. Hold on to the Holy Scriptures, so that you do not walk uncertainly, but with a firm step, works of mercy are necessary at this time, to practice love, mercy, kindness, in these moments when humanity is about to receive great punishments such as it has never received before, 'man draws his own punishment upon himself. Pray my children, pray for Spain and Italy, serious conflicts are growing anew, and my children are plunged into total chaos. Pray my children, pray, communism with its slow transition is taking over as it pleases and will send its weapons.... Pray my children, pray, Bolivia, Mexico, Central America, the United States are shaking hard. The rains will increase to unimaginable proportions, where the drought persists, food shortages are beginning. Argentina, this beloved nation, is suffering. Consecrate this nation to the Immaculate Heart of my Mother and to my Sacred Heart, so that misfortunes will not cause you to suffer excessively. My beloved nation, do not lose faith, continue to be faithful to our Blessed Trinity and love my Mother, my Angel of Peace will come to be a comfort to my people, and you will know my power and supremacy over all that has been created. You are my children, I call you to be faithful. My open side has birthed you and you must return to it. My blessing and my Love over my people, whom I love with an everlasting love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 19 2019 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the people of my Son must quicken their steps and engage in a final conversion to repel the coming attacks. Beloved children, you are walking in the midst of a spiritual lukewarmness that you can never afford, and all the more so when the devils are ready to take with them the souls who receive them through the novelties the world presents to them. You are experiencing an accelerated loss of faith, given the variety of ideologies that appear before you in the blink of an eye, leading this generation to spiritual, social and political collapse. This generation, which is heading for a loss of faith, is lax and does not think about the fact that the devil is insidiously moving into many of my favorite sons, into parts of religious orders and formation houses, in order to capture more people opposed to the true magisterium of my Son's Church. In the high political spheres, dominated by sectors of humanity that maintain control over humanity, movements on a single currency are spreading, embedding their dark interests in all the nations they dominate in one way or another. These rulers of nations maintain their diverse power through the tentacles of evil, which are now working on the Church of My Son to dismember it and persecute My children. With great interest they have introduced the devil into humanity, especially taking captive the most lukewarm, those who are not in harmony with the Church of my Son, and within it those who claim to believe and then call themselves atheists. You, children of my Immaculate Heart, must stand firm in the faith, loving the Law of God, fulfilling it as never before, receiving my Son in the Eucharist properly prepared to be spiritually strong and not yield to the evil that has broken into my Son's people and will attack with greater boldness. Beloved children, prepare yourselves spiritually, love one another as brothers and sisters, do not sit down at the table with your brothers and sisters as spies sit down with those they do not love. You must be true children of my Son, who are instructed to be love as He is Love. Human love without the foundation of Divine Love is not sustainable. That is why my children do not abandon the boat, no matter what storms may blow when they go out to sea; on the contrary, when the storm seems to be the fiercest, that is when they cling more firmly to the Commandment of Love and the Divine Law, holding fast to the true magisterium of the Church, living in spirit and truth. In this way, in the midst of the hustle and bustle of the world, the music will stop, and humanity will remain unmoved! This generation has corrupted itself, renouncing my Son, embracing immorality and worldly pleasures; it will not rain for forty days and forty nights, you will not see my Son, whom you are constantly crucifying, but in the generosity of God's Mercy you will experience the Warning, so that those who desire it will be converted, and the converted will be strengthened, so that they will not lose their faith and will strengthen their love for the Most Holy Trinity. Without the exhaustion of God's mercy, requests for conversion will not cease, lest humanity fall asleep in the arms of the devil, who leads it to perdition. You know that the devil persecutes my children, and I as the Mother of Humanity and the legions of heaven do not abandon the people of my Son, who respect the magisterium of my Son's Church. Do not be afraid, is not I who am your Mother here? I call upon you to invoke Saint Michael the Archangel, but above all, to live each of the Commandments of God's laws, surrendering to God's Mercy, which does not abandon any of those who come repentant in spirit and truth. Pray the Holy Rosary, do not forget to invoke St. Michael the Archangel, do not forget to love one another as brothers and sisters. Pray, my children, pray for the strengthening of faith in God's people. Pray, my children, pray for Turkey, which nature is scourging. Pray, my children, pray for Paraguay, the earth is shaking. Pray, children, pray for Italy. The Stromboli volcano warns them. Pray, children, pray. Central America is shaking. Stand firm in the faith, be faithful to my Son, be careful with innovations in my Son's Church. Stop this accelerated lifestyle and see the gift of life so that you can move forward spiritually, so that you will be strengthened and your faith will not be undermined; live in this teaching of God's Love and 'drink from the land that flows with milk and honey,' do not be afraid, do not live at the accelerated pace of those who are far from my Son. Be aware of that moment when you must know my Son in order to love Him, not as those who do not know Him love Him, but to be one person whom my Son calls 'the pupils of His eyes.' Not everything is bitter; whoever truly loves my Son and entrusts himself to Him, taking the Scriptures and putting them into practice, is a disciple of my Son. I love you and bless you, do not be afraid! Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 25 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my people are preserved in my Heart, therefore I call upon you to pay attention to your senses and to what is around you, so that you do not go astray. Where are you going, my children? You know well what is the safe way to come to me. Those who take shortcuts are moving away from Me. Do you want to save your soul? Fulfill the Commandments, love them and bring them to life in your daily work and actions. Be doers of my Will, which I express to you at every moment, but which you do not perceive due to remaining in the race to and from, which does not allow you to get closer to Me. You should quiet yourselves, be truthful and desire with all your strength, power and senses, to remain in my Will and take the hand of my most holy Mother. Be aware that to reach Me, to love Me, you must know Me. My children, the wiles of evil invite you to work and act away from Me, placing before you acts and works that are wrong, sinful, heretical, profane, in order to confuse you and to make you see evil as good and good as evil, taking advantage of the confusion my Church is experiencing, I have already announced to you that 'priests will rise against priests, bishops against bishops, cardinals against cardinals. My Church lives in turmoil, crushed by the evil that has infiltrated it to dominate it and make it suffer. My children must stand firm and be creatures of faith supported by the knowledge of My Word and love for Our Blessed Trinity. My Word is for yesterday, today and forever. It is current and therefore eternally new, it does not need man's innovation, but it must be accepted, it must be put into practice at every moment of your life, so that you leave behind the rags you wear and put on new clothes. Humanity is being controlled by those who have infiltrated the great institutions representing the nations, giving the impression that they are helping the needy and seeking the good of nations and man. Wake up, children, do not walk in the dark! Freemasonry rooted in my Church defiles me and makes you turn away from me to celebrate being today's Herods, offering acquiescence to abortion that makes my Heart bleed. Among my people, they wickedly promote involvement in pernicious ideologies, idolizing nature and opposing my teaching. Do not marvel at the force of nature and its phenomena, which are on the increase, crying out to man not to worship it. I am your God and you must not worship anything but Me. I am the resurrection and the life; he who believes in Me shall live, even though he die. This generation stands before My Mercy and does not see it, before My Mercy and does not see it, before My Justice and does not see it. Therefore, attracted by the magnet of evil, they go from sin to sin, from crime to crime. The appetites of the flesh are manifold, worldly pleasures flood humanity, and all this lasts a while - 'they are not eternal' - while the consequences of sin without due repentance are indeed eternal. Wake up, children, don't sleep! My Church has been attacked by false ideologies. I desire the Salvation of all My children. My people, the earth will awaken you with its sequence of strong tremors and earthquakes, not only in the recognized tectonic faults, but in those that originate from these faults and that appear new. Along with this, volcanoes are awakening, humanity's needs are growing in the face of unexpected and premature climate change, which man has provoked with his rebellion, disobedience and arrogance. Mankind should not be indifferent to the war that it itself started, but should be attentive to the progress of the war. Pray, my children, pray for my Church, so that innovations do not penetrate it, distorting the will of our Trinity. Pray, offering abstinence from food to the extent that each body allows. Pray my children, pray for Finland. Unexpected volcanic activity is causing great nations to suffer. Pray, my children, pray. Europe is suffering to the core. Pray my children, Germany is suffering; the United States continues to be scourged by nature and is shaken. My people, I am not vindictive but merciful, I allow man to go where his will takes him, and at the same time bear the consequences of his will. I am Love and I call you to be My Love, to live by being one. Brotherhood is indispensable for My people. My Love calls you to enter into my Sacred Heart. My people, I am your God! Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 05 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, loving one another with the love of the Most Holy Trinity, I communicate the will of God. Who like God! With regret, so many human creatures utter these words with great disdain, accepting the 'protection' of the devil, who himself will cast them into his lake of eternal fire if they do not repent beforehand. This moment demands prudence from God's people. It is a moment for obedience to Divine law, for strict adherence to Salvation history. You must know whom you love, and because you do not know him properly, confusion is spreading at this moment. You are saved insofar as you are participants in the Divine work and action, insofar as you fulfill the Divine Law and adhere to the teachings of Christ, the King of the Universe, who, through his disciples, left his people teachings that do not expire. Our King and Lord of Heaven and Earth established His communion with the people and called them to be fishers of men, to pass on the good news. They have not been able to undermine the church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, they have not succeeded, nor the sects through the centuries, nor Satan himself through his emissaries. God's church will not be shattered; it will be shaken because of ignorance of its King, but not defeated. The man of the moment is literate, but not all are spiritual; prayer books have dust and moths, like the hearts of some who say they love our King and Lord Jesus Christ. A man who loves his Lord prays with his Heart, if he didn't have books, he wouldn't need them - prayers are born inside a person, otherwise they will be empty words, devoid of love. You, God's people, must internalize God's love, so that you can enjoy the silence, that moment 'alone with God', where you will find Him as much as you properly seek Him, because there is one spirit that attracts man like a magnet, and that is the 'Spirit of God'. The Spirit of God gives peace and therefore leads the human creature to like to constantly repeat what his Lord Jesus Christ taught him, withdrawing to pray alone with the Father. Churches must not be desecrated. Beloved sons of our and your Queen and Mother of all creation must love their Mother, our Queen; otherwise you are not setting an example of being good children. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, man has destroyed creation, devastated it, devoured it, extinguished it, and must experience the cleansing of the abuses he has done to the earth, but the laments of this moment will not restore what man has done to the earth. Therefore, this is the moment to turn one's gaze to Heaven and call for mercy on behalf of all mankind, without falling into the snare of Satan, who, knowing the time at his disposal, attacks the children of the 'Woman Clothed with the Sun'. Creation wants to be renewed, and this process will come with the new heavens and the new earth. Human beings must turn their gaze to God and believe in the power that is above all creation, believe in God's omnipotence, believe in the have faith in God. God's people, the devil wants man not to be the essence of inner life, but wants man's spirit to be masked by worldliness and bustle that keeps him bewildered by other things, less spiritual. The earth has become diseased by man and at this time the human being must prepare for purification. The more you embrace modernism and that which is contrary to what has been established by our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the greater the purification. Humanity knows that it is in a time of signs that it cannot avoid. The signs of the times when the waters will enter the earth to cleanse it, the fires of the volcanoes will come out with power, making it impossible for you to travel by air because of the gases they spew. The fact that dormant volcanoes are awakening is not new to man; what is new is the form, the violence of this awakening of dormant volcanoes and the effects it will have on human existence. This generation teeming with sin is not being punished by God - no! the punishment has not yet come. The earth, being unstable, will be deflected by the breath of a star that will pass nearby without being able to announce it, and here will be man's lament. Man's power over man is arranged as with the one who has the game and arranges it so that the scenario is not the same; that is why nations rise up and kill. Woe to those countries where abortion is approved! How much you will suffer from this betrayal of God! Attention, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ! The harsh moment is approaching, the lamentations will not be delayed. You will experience instability in all aspects of human life. Be vigilant. Pray, people of God. Pray for Central America. You will be shaken by earthquakes. Awakening volcanoes will be a cause for concern for the children of our King. Pray, people of God, pray. Italy is being undermined. France will experience anguish. Pray, people of God, pray. A warning is coming, and you are not prepared. Pray, people of God. The United States is suffering from economic, social and political instability. Pray, people of God. Don't forget to pray for Mexico. It is suffering from a strong earthquake. Pray, people of God, pray for the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Stay awake, children of God, stay awake as night falls. Be unity, mercy, forgiveness and love. We intently await the call from you. Be blessed by the divine hand of God. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 12 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, humanity is like a horse that runs where it is forced. The one world government exercises its power over the people in secret, spreading clandestine instructions from institutions and agencies that were created for a good purpose, but just as the human mind wants to exercise power over what it can, it is doing so with humanity at the moment. People are rebelling against God, an action against that which represents the power that is above all power. People are rising up and demonstrating against what they know is the omnipotence of God, they are rebelling in order not to lose the feeling that they are the masters of their lives, which is not true. They are masters of their fate, but the Creator of life is God. People use human will against the One who gave them life to show that no one has power over them. They rise up against that which represents the Creator of life and thus seal their fate in the direction of misery, in the direction of evil, in the direction of bitterness, in the direction of misery, in the direction of suffering, not seeing that behind everything is the devil's great plan to separate you from God and that you will not be saved to eternal life. Man will torment himself in the hands of Freemasonry, which holds man in bondage through supposed advances that are accepted by man as a means of rebellion. It only takes one act of man against the Will of God to forfeit eternal goods, if that human being does not repent from the heart and is not willing to right the wrong he has committed. One single act! How many evils that you have confessed have you been able to correct? Did you correct them? Man should live happily, yet he rejected the happiness that God offered him, choosing the path of universal suffering. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, it is not enough for man to see the reaction of nature, which is unleashed against man's terrible acts against his King and Lord, while you continue to make the evil increase. Nature does not want adoration, nature wants man to be in harmony with God's Will and not to offend Him, not to give in to the devil. Therefore, nature does not find kinship with mankind, because nature performs the function for which it was created by God, but man does not recognize God as King of Heaven and Earth, to whom is due all honor, power and glory forever and ever, Amen. You must understand that you cannot undo the damage you have done to the earth that holds you.... but you can save your soul if you change your path and engage in spiritual development, focusing on greater recognition of God as Alpha and Omega, as Creator and Lord of all that exists.... and how is man to make this recognition? By obeying the will of his Lord and King, doing His Will. People of God, the creation does not want to be worshipped, it wants to be respected in order to serve man in what man needs; the creation wanted people not to destroy it, not to exploit it and not to make it almost disappear, so much so that the weather, food and what was given to you for your benefit deteriorates. Creation obeys God, not man. Nature obeys God and pays homage to Him, it does not want man to worship it, but to respect it. People of God, you must know the word contained in the Holy Scriptures and grow in this knowledge, which leads you to adore the Holy Trinity and to fulfill the Commandments and put them into practice. Mankind is extinguishing itself by turning against the sovereignty of the Trinity, while the heavens, the earth, nature, the sun, the stars and everything that exists continues to do God's will, preserving the order of creation; therefore, man must continue to adore the Trinity in order to preserve this respect of creation toward God, the One and Triune. A wrongly exercised human will causes disorder in what surrounds it, and causes reactions against man, and man reacts wrongly against man himself, destroying himself, and this is not God's Will. Man attracts the evil he emanates, and therefore the creation reacts against man, having to deal with a creature that has wronged it, but which above all harms itself. Man's evil behavior is a sign of the gradual fulfillment of the revealed prophecies. Man lacks love, humility, hope, mercy, faith in the word of God, and continues to lose himself in the wilderness of his ego, not finding himself or God, due to the dominance of the human 'I'. Pray, children of God, pray for all of humanity, because only by finding obedience in yourselves will you be able to find true happiness in the communion of saints. Pray children of God, pray for Mexico. It is badly shaken. This nation is suffering from the stench that the sin of crazed youth is pouring on this land. Pray God's children, pray for the United States. The decisions of its leader and those who hold the decisions in their hands are not in line with the suffering of this nation. Pray God's children, pray for Spain. Its land is shaken. Pray God's children, pray. Spiritual people are needed to resist what is coming. People of God, be aware that you will be tested by your own conscience, and you are not prepared. The devil makes minds and hearts sick so that you are not properly prepared. Without the God of money, man loses his temper, rises up against his brothers and sisters, and looting becomes inevitable, get ready for this. You must grow in love for God and your neighbor, so that you do not lose your sanity because of it. Do not wait in panic. Live on to fix what hardens your hearts and prevents you from finally preparing to enter what for today's man is the mystery of the love of the Most Holy Trinity. Come to our Queen, She is the teacher of the apostles of the end times. Prepare yourselves, first of all spiritually. Do not be afraid, accept in faith what I am communicating to you through Divine love. Who like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 20 2019 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my motherhood is for all the children of my Son, whom I love with eternal love. Return to my Son, do not give in so easily to evil. I see the earth inflamed by this violence that I warned you about in the past, that it will spread if you do not change and disregard my words. As time passes, events will spread because of the spiritual stagnation in which humanity lives. Because of the growing evil that the devil is directing those who have weak or no faith. My Son's Church is at a crossroads, as I told you. You are reproved by what I told you before and did not believe; this is how it will be with everything that will happen, and only when it is fulfilled will you say: yes, Heaven has announced this to us, so that we prepare with strong faith, changing our lives, converting! It is not too late, God's mercy is waiting for you. As a Mother, I want to avoid major spiritual disasters due to wavering in faith, I want to prevent some from reacting like Judas and giving pearls to swine. How many of my favorite sons have surrendered to the authority of my Son's enemies to gain human power, leading my Son's sheep over the precipice! These are the appointed times when tribulation will be suffered by those who are faithful to my Son, when some churches have been desecrated and occupied for worldly, sinful acts, allowing the devil freedom to take my poor children and corrupt them. Woe to those who allowed this to happen! Holiness has been modernized. The true saints are not loved in the Church of my Son, they are removed so that they do not claim holiness. Be beings of faith, courageous in the face of change, each one standing firmly in his place. Know that you are still in a constant battle with those who do not love my Son, with the disobedient and those who do not want you to be part of God's people. Each of my children will see what they have done or how they have acted for the good, the good they have stopped doing and have been doing. You will experience an internal examination and regret that you did not obey! There are blind people who separate my children from what is right, and my children fall into the trap, not thinking that at this moment the devil is attacking my children like a roaring lion to take them away from the place that my Son has reserved for every human being. Do not feed the devil with hatred or resentment, unbelief that leads to lack of faith. Be assured that the devil puts a person's mind to sleep, soothes it so that it does not see the present or think about the immediate future, in which you must be strong and firm in faith. The yardstick you use will be measured to you, so be careful at this time when you act lightly, without a real solid foundation. You do not remain attentive to the calls from Heaven, you criticize the revelations in order not to change your life, thus living in a pool of dirty waters of sin, disobedience and lack of faith. You are living in the moment foretold by Me, when confusion will overwhelm the people of My Son, when innovations will replace true doctrine, when they will injure the shepherd and the sheep will be scattered. Pray, my children, pray for the Church so that, as the mystical body of my Son, it will resist the onslaught of innovations that are not God's will. Pray, my children, pray for each of you, that you will not depart from faith, hope and love. Pray, my children, pray for Bolivia. It is shaken. Pray, my children, pray for the United States. They are still suffering through nature. Pray, my children, pray. Chaos is coming to Argentina. Be courageous, my children, remain united to the Cross of Glory and Majesty, be humble in the face of the call of my Son and maintain unity by coming to receive my Son in the Eucharist properly prepared and with the Holy Rosary in hand. Even if you live your lives experiencing suffering, do not forget that those who suffer for the love of my Son will be rewarded in Heaven. As humanity, you are experiencing the travails of the fulfillment of the revelations, so you must be men and women of strong faith to resist the assaults. As Mother, I urge you not to give in to decay. The answer is within each of you. I protect you, I accompany you, I hold your hand. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 26 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, the protection of our legions remains over all of God's people, but it is necessary for you to call upon us, to invoke us, to implore us, to ask for all the help you lack for lack of faith. The earth is stained with the blood of the innocent, man has fallen into a serious loss of self-mastery, living in contempt for God's order and all that comes from it, born by despising our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the pestilence is spreading from the hand of the devil, moving swiftly through disobedient human minds. The present moment is extremely dangerous for man. Wanting to cause confusion, the devil and his henchmen are taking advantage of the slightest carelessness on the part of man to cause serious and great divisions that will only cause people to move away from God and closer to sin. Before a great battle, in preparation, demonstrations of strength lead to great tension, above all when the devil is aware that his defeat is imminent. For now, the devil has the most invasive of all cancers. A cancer that includes pride, lack of love and divisiveness, which he knows well how to instill in those who have what it takes to support themselves and reproduce, those who consider themselves superior to their brothers and sisters. The devil uses these proud human beings to distract God's children who are trying to stay on God's paths to receive eternal life. The tares have arisen and are in the midst of the wheat. Imposing and false ideologies oppress the weak, dominating them and increasing their escalation of power and grave evil. Communism advances by stealth; it gains strength because of man's distance from his King and Lord Jesus Christ. Man, quickly forgets and will again be dominated, ridiculed, insulted, as he was in the past, until he sees how far he is from God. Oppression causes man to rebel without being aware of the real reason, and that reason is the distance he has taken from his Creator, you have not obeyed! You have rejected the requests of our Queen and Mother of all creation at Fatima, you have not fulfilled all the demands that our Mother asked of you to avoid the present chaos and the one to come, therefore the people of God will suffer for this disobedience, which will cause them to regress in spirit due to their acceptance of dark ideologies. You, the people of God, must unite in prayer and in action, not hiding the honor and glory you profess to the Holy Trinity and our Mother and Queen of Heaven and Earth. The people of God live in confusion, as if the affairs of Heaven are concerned with inanimate things, for whom good and evil are irrelevant. As in the past, the simple, the poor and the humble are lovers of the true magisterium of the Church, these are the seeds that bear the fruit of eternal life, so our King continues his sowing in souls, and every person knows what fruit he will bear. It is urgent that you look at and examine yourselves, and those whose hearts are intoxicated by lack of love must urgently seek the remedy of God's Love, so that the devil will not provoke them to make mistakes for which they will have to repent. The specter of war is moving from various places on earth, distracting God's children so that they do not remain attentive and are confused. People of God, whatever happens, do not deviate from the true magisterium - God is the same yesterday, today and forever. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Argentina and its brother countries that are suffering. Human irritability is reaching its peak, brother is rising against brother, and peace will belong to yesterday. Argentina will be shaken. Argentina must be consecrated to the Sacred Hearts. Pray and make reparation before our Queen and Mother, so that minds inflamed with lust for power will give way and peace will finally return to the nations. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Latin America. Freedom is a great obstacle to this tentacle, but it is not complete, so poor countries become slaves to one great power that oppresses the nations to hand over God's children into the hands of the antichrist. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray. This generation does not know God, but rather the pettiness, arrogance and greatness of those who, with speeches and sophisticated words, gain ground for evil, causing the masses to demonstrate against morality, religion, truth, justice. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, this generation is suffering and will continue to suffer from its own hubris, at times when the earth is convulsing. Do not let evil intoxicate your hearts or lead your mind astray, you are in the final stages of great events. Focus your life on the Holy Trinity, do not be deceived by those who want to separate you from eternal life. Keep faith, hope and love. Receive our King in the Eucharist. Pray, pray with love, pray with faith, pray aware of every word that comes out of your hearts, not just your mouths. People of our King, at this time you must love as God Himself loves, act as God Himself acts, work as God Himself builds, in unity. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, do not oppress one another; then you will seek those whom you despise at this moment, for you will not be able to go alone. We protect you, the legions of heaven protect you, do not deviate from prayer, pray the Holy Rosary with fervor and love for our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth. Who is like God! No one is like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 03 2019 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, each of my children is part of my crown. You, whom I am leading toward my Son and the final triumph, when 'God's Will will be done on Earth as it is in Heaven,' are 'apostles of the end times.' Therefore, you must remain faithful, firm and converted, lest the storms of this moment bring you into other waters through confusion. The devil is in a hurry to bring into my children his distrust, intrigues, divisions and, above all, to enlarge people's egos; he knows that in this way he wins. My words go out to all of my Son's people to be vigilant in the face of the coming Warning, and I do not want you to be separated from the path on which you have been called to serve my Son in various ministries. The devil has caused those whose lives are centered on my Son to be eroded, so that in one way or another they merge with the world and find comfort in it, which consumes them until it reaches its goal. Do not quench the thirst of the souls within you, children of my Immaculate Heart. Continue to concentrate on the love that flows from our Sacred Hearts, while the hosts of evil invade the minds of mankind to force you to live against the work and action of my Son. The trials are not easy, but abiding in the service of my Son will cause the demons to move more quickly away from those who remain in the state of Grace and who are the means for the Divine requests to reach more souls who are confused at the moment. My Divine Son wants you to abide by His side, always being messengers of peace. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you must live in my Son, not in other concerns that are temporary, not in distractions - you have been called to call your brothers and sisters to the true path, the path to my Son. You are called to glorify God, the One and Triune. Do not deviate from prayer, do not forget my requests, do not be lukewarm beings at this decisive moment; do not allow yourselves to be judges of your brothers and sisters - be humble and wise. If you want to be free, but truly free, you must bend your knees with humility before my Son, and you will find this freedom in my Son. Confusion is spreading, and the people of my Son are weakening for lack of faith and wisdom. Few are separated from the true way. How much pain there is in the Sacred Heart of my Son because of the abandonment into which He is plunged by those who adopt senseless innovations! My Son lives in you, He is the God of the living and not of the dead. This is why the earth is shaking more and more, because of man's confusion, which has led him to spiritual decay. Children, fast - not only from food, but from the senses, above all from the tongue, and devote it to prayer, this is urgent for the people of my Son - prayer and its practice, do not forget the works of mercy. You can't give what you don't have; you can't be love if you don't have love; you can't bring forgiveness if you don't forgive; you can't bring consolation if there is no inner peace in you, you are what you are and give what is alive and pulsating in you. The plague is progressing, my children, it is progressing and turning into a pandemic, causing terror and fear. You have been warned by the House of the Father, and you have teachings about natural remedies to combat these infectious diseases. Prepare the oil of the Good Samaritan to prevent contagion. Pray, people of my Son, pray. Volcanoes continue to become active one after another. Pray for Mexico, its land is shaken, my children are suffering. This people of mine is shaken, I want them to be alert, prepared spiritually, as well as with food and medicine, its volcanoes are awakening furiously. Pray, people of my Son, pray for Chile. This nation is going from convulsion of man by man to convulsion by nature. Consecrate Chile to our Sacred Hearts; you, my children, consecrate Chile. Pray, people of God, pray for Colombia. It is threatened by the force of armed men. The urgent thing for you children is to consecrate this nation to our Sacred Hearts; ask my favorite sons to help you with this request. This nation is suffering, it is fiercely shaken in its land. Pray people of God, pray and consecrate every nation in the world to Our Sacred Hearts. It is necessary that every country be protected by consecration. Evil advances with ease; the Church of my Son must not collapse, but must remain strong in faith, hope and love. The Mystical Body of my Son should not be content with being a lukewarm people, you must grow, be spiritualized so that faith is solid, feed yourselves with spirituality, do not live a false religiosity, but be true and grow as my Son invites you. Receive my Motherly love. Be strong in faith. Trials are hard, my children, but you forget that God is all-powerful. Pray the Holy Rosary and do not forget to adore my Son and receive Him. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 10 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, as Prince of the legions of heaven, I am sent from the Throne of the Holy Trinity to warn you. The devil sends all his servants to earth to tempt souls weak and strong in faith, all equally. Each of you is fighting a battle between good and evil, thus translating the truth of what you profess with your mouth and what really exists in your Heart. Human appetites for gaining honor on earth and the bloated 'ego' of each person will be laid bare before his brothers and sisters; the intransigence and so-called perfection of some people will fall, only our King and Lord is perfect. Human beings constantly rise or fall according to their deeds, according to their works; nothing is worthy before our King and Lord Jesus Christ if it is not worked out and put into practice by the love that comes from the womb of the Holy Trinity. Demons inflame human beings, not only in the streets, in the villages, but in every human being; there are too many people who look on the outside, feeling pure and righteous on the inside, while on the inside they are a constant fetor of the grave of pride. The souls who follow in search of holiness are those who love in spite of .... Who forgive in spite of ..., do not hold grudges in spite of ..., because they live the Gospel, which calls for Divine Love working and functioning in human creatures? Countries are plunged into convulsions, demons infect people who are lukewarm or lack faith, so that they attack what reminds them of the power of God. This is what enrages evil, that its power will never be above the power of God. Evil works in the psyche of man, leading him to states of pride in which he is an expert, and it enters inside man, right down to the 'ego', and infects him with diabolical ambitions, diabolical pretensions, diabolical judgments, diabolical ideas and thoughts, so that he fights against his fellow men and against God Himself. The devil tempts people, and man, within the framework of free will, either falls into temptation or fights this temptation. Moving away from God, the human being is exposed to being seized and bent by the enemy of the soul, showing the power of evil through man. People of God, you must know that the devil has focused his evil power on man, enraging you so that people rise up against people. This is his delight. Understand that the contagion of evil is not a possession, but unfortunately the possessed increase as evil increases. You people of God, be zealous in your relationship with God; pray, be doers of the Commandments, the Sacraments, practice the works of mercy, maintain your sacramental life, receiving our King and Lord Jesus Christ properly prepared, in this you must be strict. Do not approach the reception of our King and Lord Jesus Christ if you are not at peace with your brothers and sisters, if you do not confess your sins; pray the Holy Rosary and do other acts of piety. God's children should fast from food if their health permits; otherwise, offer another fast. Do not try to fight evil by being lukewarm; this is a moment for you to grow in spirit; you will not be able to advance in faith if you are not spiritual, if you do not make reparations, if you do not grieve for the evil you have committed, if you are not Christians who keep the Commandments. Therefore, I encourage you to obey St. Paul's admonition to the Ephesians in chapter 6, verses 11 through 16: 'Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to repel the wiles of the devil. For our struggle is not against enemies of flesh and blood, but against rulers, against principalities, against the cosmic powers of this present darkness, against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly heights. Therefore take up the whole armor of God, so that in that evil day you may be able to stand firm, and having done all, stand firm. Stand up, therefore, and gird yourselves with the belt of truth, and put on the breastplate of righteousness, and let zeal for the gospel of peace be the footwear for your feet, and always take in your hand the shield of faith, with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one. God's people, spiritual warfare is fierce, and a person who is separated from our King and Lord Jesus Christ is easy prey, so you must put on the armor of your King and Lord Jesus Christ and live as those who do the will of God. You must have a holy fear of God. Therefore, be afraid to fall into sin, be afraid to embrace ideologies that lead you away from the spiritual center of a Christian's life, be afraid to open the door to the devil, be afraid to turn away from the Holy Trinity, be afraid not to maintain a Christ-centered life. Love our and your Queen and Mother of all that is created, reach out your hands to your Mother, at Her name hell embraces fear, demons flee in terror, as long as you live in God. Summon me! I will come at once, my legions protect you. God's people are not helpless. Don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid of the devil, stay away from everything that leads you to offend our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ, don't turn away from sound doctrine, don't distort the Scriptures - there is no God except God, don't accept errors, because at the end of time errors will cause the fall of souls, the Word of God is one. People of God, the folly of man emanates darkness, and this leads to the creation disowning the man who wants to worship the creation. Man must grow in spirit, not retreat. In the face of this human behavior, man's suffering continues to increase due to the accelerated passage of time, which brings him closer to greater calamities that will cause the earth to shake with greater force; unfavorable sun and unpredictable rain destroy crops and famine is imminent. Pray, children of God, pray for Canada. The earth is shaking with greater force; the rains are unexpected, causing great losses. Pray, children of God. The rise of satanic groups is attracting turmoil to Latin America. Pray and be resolute against evil, stay united, as commanded by our King and Lord Jesus Christ; put into action what you preach, so that you can repel evil. Pray, children of God, Chile continues to suffer. The earth is shaking hard. Pray God's children, pray. In Italy, the earth is shaking. Pray God's children, pray for Spain. This nation is suffering through its own people. Disasters are reaching Germany and this nation is weeping. People of God, mankind is sidelining the Holy Trinity; you are being deceived by evil, accepting a gospel that is not true. True faith is being extinguished, evil begins its way among the people. The expected Angel of Peace will come and, by God's arrangement, help you. Pray the Holy Rosary, cover yourselves with the precious blood of our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ, remaining in peace, being love for your brothers, remaining united, so that you do not perish in spirit. Be united, as the Holy Trinity commands you; be merciful, be loving, be strong and humble, walk in faith. Do not be afraid, you are not alone, our Mother and your Mother is with her children. Who is like God! No one is like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 18 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, as captain of the armies of heaven, in obedience to the Most Holy Trinity and our and your Queen and Mother, I warn you. God's people are a cause of sorrow for the Sacred Hearts. The path mankind has chosen is dark; it leads you to that which is contrary to God's Will and eternal goods. Agitated man does not think coherently, he turns away from the elementary principles of a good child of God, and evil spurs him on, in the first place forgetting the kinship of human creation with our Lord and King Jesus Christ, and therefore despising our Queen and Mother, as well as forgetting everything that constitutes a limit, a restriction; mankind is ready to break the rules, all rules, norms and just principles. The evils of evil, such as jealousy, distrust, intolerance, pride, hostility, lies, lack of love, and with them human thinking, have mutated and the 'ego' in man reigns over your brothers and sisters. Humanity, a puppet subject to the whims of the powerful, humanity devoid of spirituality, is fertile ground for the demon to sow insecurity, which will continue throughout the world, insecurity in the people who rule nations and in the ruled, as in everything man does. People of God, you currently think in one way, and in the morning you change just as your clothes change. Until man returns to his spiritual reality, to union with our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the human creation will not regain peace, either in itself or in the world. The rise of natural disasters is compounded in a human creation devoid of true love and faith toward our King and Lord Jesus Christ. The devil is loved and celebrated by man. Woe to those who celebrate at this time that they have demolished the church; so will those who act in this way be demolished! God's wrath will fall on them, if they do not repent in time, they will continue to be employees of the devil. The earth is in great danger, the comet that is so often mentioned is approaching the earth and will not be detected until it comes even closer. The man of science will not be able to go beyond what God allows. Coups will come one after another, God's children are and will be persecuted, hated by the hordes that support evil. Natural disasters are coming and will continue to come; mankind will see this and be amazed, but will not bow down to our King and Lord Jesus Christ, but on the contrary, will vent their anger on the Holy Trinity and His faithful. The Antichrist is preparing his appearance, the ground is being prepared. When the majority of humanity is in chaos and war becomes present, the antichrist will appear. Pray, people of God, creatures of God. Pray for Spain, its people will rise again against the authorities, just as in France and Ecuador. Pray, people of God, creatures of God. Pray for Paraguay, this nation will suffer painfully. Pray, people of God, creatures of God, pray for Chile, it will be greatly shaken in its land. Pray, people of God, creatures of God. Pray for Nicaragua and Venezuela. The rejection and suffering of God's people cause the protection of our and your Queen and Mother for her children to increase. Venezuela, evil continues against God's people. Terror will be unleashed on other countries through these countries during the war. Pray, people of God. Pray for Mexico. Sin abounds in this nation. Pray, this nation is being shaken with power, and its children are suffering excessively. Dormant volcanoes are awakening, and awakened volcanoes are causing destruction. Pray, people of God, creatures of our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth. Pray for the waters to rise strongly. Asia is being violently shaken, and the waters are reaching other coasts. Pray for the coastal areas of El Salvador, Guatemala and Mexico. Pray, people of God, for the creation of our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth. Pray for the United States, the suffering of this nation is increasing. Humanity, viruses are emerging with relentless mutations, I have already told you this at God's command. This part of human history is part of the desolation for all mankind, just as the next events will be cruel. Therefore, the unity of creation with the Creator is essential, as is the unity of God's children. The Church will be blown apart from within, chaos is coming, and then schism. Do not forget that God's children are never abandoned, it is man who turns away from his Lord and God. Our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth never abandons her children, it is her children who abandon her. God's mercy is greater than human misery. Return to the right path. Humanity is bleeding on earth in anticipation. The devil has seized key positions to exalt the appearance of the antichrist. People of God, you must strengthen yourselves spiritually, do not give in to innovations, do not accept what is contrary to the teachings of our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ, be truthful. Unite and protect yourselves, being faithful to the Sacred Hearts, and in this way, in the midst of the confusion of mankind, you will be helped so that you will not fall completely; be united so that you will be strongholds that resist evil. We, the angelic hosts, guard you, but whether we can fulfill our task depends on you. You are not alone, Divine Protection is in each of you. Do not retreat, hurry and be love, pray and be the reality of prayer. Fast and offer that which gives you the greatest sacrifice - in your mind, in your thoughts. We protect you. Who is like God! No one is like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 25 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, as Prince of the Heavenly Legions by the Will of God, I warn you. The continuity of earthquakes will force man to take heed of Heaven's announcement. Only, man will not lower his head, recognizing that he was warned beforehand not to bow to the words coming from on high. Man's rebellion has led that man to disregard the value of life. Man's detachment from the Holy Trinity leads mankind to think that he has managed to survive without God, and that he can continue without the need for his Lord and his God, until, instead of man purifying himself, he is purified by the tentacles of communism, by the antichrist and his minions, and only then will he see that he is mired in sin and return to God. The lakes of pleasure of man's senses are turbulent if the spiritual state of the human being is rebellious and far from God. Therefore, I urge you to be resolute in your conversion, and not in your apparent conversion, so that you do not fall into the errors that are already being spread among God's people by some of the privileged sons of our Queen and Mother, which will cause many souls to be lost due to evil teachings. Be firm, the Holy Spirit enlightens you to discern not as the world judges, but as the children of God act and conduct themselves. You have a Mother who loves you with maternal love, to whom you can go whenever you need her; do not underestimate this privilege! The forces of evil have invaded the earth; most of the rulers belong to the world elite and accuse some of the privileged sons of our and your Queen and Mother with terrible slanders and lies, in order to incite the people against the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. People of God, persecution is intensifying, and you must remain prepared for it with a firm and strong faith, with the armor of love and obedience to God's Law and Commandments, which are fundamental for a Christian. This is the moment when you must express your total adherence to the Most Holy Trinity and to our and your Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, without hesitation, being faithful. Pray, people of God, pray, the volcanoes continue to activate. Pray for Italy and Indonesia, they will suffer more and more. Pray, people of God, pray, earthquakes are intensifying in this cycle, the earth is shaking from one end to the other. Pray, people of God, pray, violence increases as the plague spreads. People of God, man is burning internally, burning because of the internal malaise that persists because of the disobedience he shows and lives with, rejecting God's protection and embracing what he considers more important, the deception and lies of Satan. People of God, Satan's deception will not be maintained, it will be interrupted by the power that is above all power, the power of God. Those who do not keep God's Commandments will lament, groan, feel that they are dying when they experience their personal sins. Pay attention, people of God, the suffering is increasing! As the envoy of this generation, I give you this rosary to the Holy Trinity at this time when oppression is increasing. In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Recite the Creed. Reckoning of Conscience. The first mystery, may humanity be filled with the virtue of fortitude. On the largest bead - the Our Father. Then on the same bead recite the prayer: Most Holy Trinity, send your heavenly choirs to protect all mankind, assist them to reject evil intentions, and let the human mind and thought remain in you. On the small beads of the Holy Rosary, pray 10 times, Divine Wisdom, descend from Your Trinitarian Throne to guide us on the path of goodness. Aspiration: be my strength and my fortress. The second secret: my Wrath will not manage to take the helm of man's life. On the largest bead - the Our Father. Then on the same bead pray: Most Holy Trinity, give patience to your people, so that anger and its disordered action will not take possession of the heart of man, and so that difficulties will be resolved for humanity. On the small beads of the Holy Rosary, pray 10 times, Wisdom of God, dismiss from all mankind the problems and snares of the devil. Let strife be kept away from people, and let suffering not reach us. Aspiration: be my strength and my fortress. Third Secret: May humanity be blessed by the Holy Trinity, and may each person be willing to be a servant to his brothers and sisters. On the largest bead - the Our Father. Then, on the same bead, pray that balance will prevail over humanity, so that righteousness in work and action will be a witness to the children of God. On the small beads of the Holy Rosary, pray 10 times: Wisdom of God, that as humanity we may not lose our values and convictions, and that we may be righteous at all times for the honor and glory of God. Aspiration: be my strength and fortress. The fourth secret: may the progress of evil be halted by the decision of all mankind to please God. On the largest bead - the Our Father. Then we pray on the same bead: Most Holy Trinity, spiritually wise are those who by their actions and conduct please God, worship and praise Him on behalf of all people. On the small beads of the Holy Rosary, pray 10 times: Wisdom of God, may all mankind turn to you with the conviction that you are a merciful and compassionate God, a Just Judge who cannot be satisfied without faith. Aspiration: Be my strength and my fortress. Fifth secret, my wrath, do not grasp in your hands the helm of man's life. On the largest bead - the Our Father. Then we pray on the largest bead: Most Holy Trinity, may Your love be accepted by all mankind, so that sincerity, respect and kindness may be shown among Your people in Your likeness and that we may be one in Your Heart. On the small beads of the Holy Rosary, pray 10 times: Divine Wisdom, God's love is the source of all good, may the same love be in all of God's people and may it stop human interests, may discord cease, and may spirituality be a mirror of Your love in every person. Aspiration: Be my strength and my fortress. On the three beads of the Holy Rosary, Most Holy Trinity, may the peace of God flood human hearts without distinction. Divine Trinity, may the Holy Spirit flood us with His love. Divine Trinity, may the peace of our most holy Mother descend upon us, which passes all understanding. Recite the Salve Regina in honor of the most holy Queen and Mother. Sacrifice, Most Holy Trinity, may goodness guide our lives, and may humanity achieve the repentance necessary to eradicate evil from the earth. Guide us to repent and be like you, Mother, faithful disciples and messengers of your love. Offer this sacrifice with sincerity, ending it with a pause for spiritual reflection. Amen. May you all be blessed in God's Love. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 04 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Heart desires to keep you within Myself, so that nothing can separate you from Me. I constantly call you to be messengers of my Love, of my peace, and yet the greater my calls, the greater the distractions and the greater the lethargy in which mine live. Therefore, I call you again to pray, to receive me in a properly prepared Eucharist, I call you to know me and to enter into the love of my Mother, into her word proclaimed throughout the world, anticipating the pain of this generation because of the disobedience and pride with which they have rebelled against me. I call you out of love; man's time is not my time, and you are in the face of a sea of sins that Satan is constantly pouring out and injecting into the mind, thought and heart of man, so that you will refuse to follow me and not consider yourselves sinners, expecting your brothers to bear the burden of your erroneous, imprudent, arrogant and rash actions. Everyone was called by name so that you could follow me! Man disobeyed and scattered, choosing other paths, encountering evil, which, due to spiritual weakness, destroys my children, enjoying that it leads them to chaos, division and complete separation from my Will. Thus, evil penetrates weak human creatures because of little or no prayer, those who do not repent of their sins or make atonement for them, those who do not accept Me and are far from My Mother, with a lukewarm faith that only needs words to deny Me or justify disobedience. These are my people and more. I am calling you because of the urgency of this moment, in which evil is capturing my children and sifting them, causing them to commit constant offenses against our Sacred Hearts, and Satan is taking advantage of my children's uncertain faith. You are a people who are heading for the abyss, because of the persistent indifference with which you act; you suffocate me, holding me between the fingers of your hands, treating me with disregard and total disrespect, without realizing who and what I am. My angels shed tears as they see how you forge your own condemnation, accepting me without true sorrow for my sins, without righting the wrongs done. It is for this and other reasons that I am desecrated; that is why I make my Word reach you, so that you urgently repent. Change your lives! Seek Me without misdirected human egos. My children are people of simple and humble hearts, those who repent and, like a child, do not harbor grudges in their hearts. I called you to keep the faith - how many will follow me? And how many of those who call themselves my faithful followers remain on the road without progress because of arrogance, or lack of forgiveness, or conceit, or pride, a reflection of their inner sickness. I see so many children in my Church waiting for their brothers and sisters to act so as not to endanger themselves in the eyes of society. I see my Church adopting practices that are incompatible with my Will, and thus rushing into the abyss and pleasing Satan, committing heresies, profanities and denying my divinity. How many there are who go forward, and how many there are who fall asleep along the way due to absentmindedness, and who sink into their sorrows without seeing mine! My sorrows are lost souls, my sorrows are Satan-worshippers, my sorrows cause me to watch my people reject me, offend me, disobey me, commit sacrilege and thus remain on the road. I called everyone to Salvation - how many were on the right path, and left it! My people, darkness is coming upon my people, the ravages of evil against my Church will not be long in coming, and with them suffering will increase. The persecution against my children will increase until you have to go into hiding to worship me. When you pray, offer prayer with your heart in peace, with a contrite spirit and with love for each other and for your brothers and sisters, otherwise words are empty. My beloved people, this is a moment for decision, for courage, for sacrifice, for faith, for love, for mercy, for hope, for crying out because of the oppression in which you live and which continues to increase, because of the human creation deprived of my Love of its own accord. The earth is subject to constant changes that have occurred at every time in human history, but these changes have not reached the magnitude that they are reaching and will reach for humanity at this time throughout the earth. The plagues come one after another without fail, not allowing one people to help another, and will make you experience terrible pain. I warn you not to be afraid of me, but to entrust yourselves to me and my Mother as no generation has yet entrusted itself. Pray at all times, at all times, putting prayer into action. Pray, my children, pray for Mexico, which is shaking its land, making volcanoes active. Pray, my children, pray for Costa Rica, which is suffering from the upheaval of its land. Pray, my children, pray for a weakened Italy, it is shaken and my children are suffering from the invasion of idolatry. Pray, my children, pray for Spain. Confusion is returning, agitation is running through the streets. Man, dominated by the orders of those who keep mankind in suspense, rises up against everything. Pray, my children, pray. Albania cries. Pray, my children, in unity, pray for each other, this moment has ceased to be a moment. It is necessary for my people to offer themselves without ceasing. My Heart bleeds because of the pain that grips my people. I bless you with my Love, I bless you with my peace. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 10 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, in the name of the armies of heaven and by the Will of God I give you this word. Blessings will not be delayed for those who make the effort to continue practicing goodness; attached to the Gospel, they are love, as love is the Holy Trinity, as love is our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, and as we are love. In the midst of so much turmoil, which characterizes the nearness of the 'end of the age' - 'not the end of the world' - you continue to live in turmoil that never ceases, in constant pursuit of the failures that occur to keep you distracted and out of unity with the Holy Trinity. As God's children, you must recognize the evil that fiercely fights against God's people to distract you and cause you to deviate from the faith. Those who have entered the spiritual path can see the fierceness of this moment, when all the demons are on earth, tempting people to fall. You still don't understand that humanity is inflamed and only needs a small excuse to go against your brothers and sisters! This whole scenario has been prepared by those who intend to crush humanity with their power and who have stolen the human mind with their deceptions, inciting it all the way to the present work and action of man. These uprisings, this current chaos was not born in this generation, evil has cultivated this state of humanity to become a reality in this present in which you live. Wake up! The demonic plan of Freemasonry and ideologies opposed to the good is to separate man from his Creator and deprive him of the spiritual nourishment that is the Eucharistic sacrifice, so that he falls into the vilest sins. There are too many who, deceived by the devil, fall into the snares of evil and protect those who renounce and deny the Holy Trinity. O! ... how many will remain on the road, deceived by the devil! Do you seek faith, freedom? Go, holding the hand of our Queen and Mother, that she may lead you to goodness; She is favored by the Father. We see people attacking churches in honor of the Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother, and in Heaven we tremble at such serious guilt, and the next guilt will be even more serious, because from attacking churches built by man to worship the Holy Trinity, they will move on to attacking God's people, and there will be the persecution foretold in the past. One reads the Apocalypse like a child reads a book of fairy tales. No, no, no! The Book of Revelation is to be fulfilled, just as the Scriptures were fulfilled. Whoever denies the Apocalypse denies all of Scripture! Prepare yourselves, people of God, raise your spirit toward oneness with the Holy Trinity, unite the senses of the physical body and the senses of the spiritual, so that the one who acts and the one who acts may be one, and so that you may no longer be whited sepulchres, those who forget the Word of God in the face of adversity and hide in burrows so as not to be seen or to face and look within. Do not store food in places that some have prepared for moments of persecution and oppression, if you have not first prepared yourself spiritually and with the discernment given by the Holy Spirit to renounce evil with firm faith and save your soul. Neither food, nor medicine, nor money, nor your supplies are of any value if you are not true temples of love. God's people, for God's people very hard times are approaching. These will not be like other moments you have experienced, they will be tests of faith, of true love, of true hope, of unparalleled love, in which some will be easily deceived, and not because of ignorance of the Scriptures, not because of ignorance of the Divine Word, not because of lack of prayer or not receiving the Body and Blood of Christ, our King and Lord, but because of the habit of calling themselves Christians and practicing their duties, but without awareness of the divinity before them, without awareness and even without faith. This habit leads God's creatures to lose eternal life. People of God, the battle is not against people, it is against the spirits of evil spread throughout the world. They are waging a fierce battle against the good, so you will find those who rise up against God's people where you least think about it. Mankind is being tested, severely tested, especially in faith, by which the man of God believes in the one and only God, so that without faith he agrees to belong to one religion; in the social sphere, so that mankind loses its identity; in politics, so that mankind joins ideologies led by the devil and that cruelly crush man, without compassion; in economics, because Satan knows well that when man feels economically destabilized, he is capable of anything and forgets about the good. The scenario was carefully worked out, and God's people succumbed to the whims of evil, step by step. You already know that my Words are not in vain, so let everyone appeal to God's mercy and repent deeply, now! This moment is very troubling for those who are lukewarm, but for God's children who are strong in faith, this is the moment to raise their faith. I urge you, God's people, to pray. Pray for peace in a world that is under threat, even if you don't see it or the communications media don't reveal it. I urge you to pray, people of God. Man will learn of the earth's upheaval and panic. Pray, ask for God's mercy for the countries mentioned by Heaven. Pray for cosmic events that affect the earth. I urge you to pray, people of God, the Church is shaken, do not lose faith. I call on you to pray, people of God, Argentina will embrace the turmoil it is experiencing. People of God, you are called to be faithful children; you will eat, drink, marry without heeding God's call, and the King will come and - what has happened to man? You see the sun, the moon, the stars, and yet you will cease to see them; the darkness in the soul of man will be the same as that in which the earth will be plunged. Pay attention, children of God, change your life and contribute to the Salvation of your brothers and sisters, pay attention, do not reject the calls. Help your brothers and sisters who are suffering from nature. United in celebration of our Queen and Mother, Empress of the Americas, ask God that the mystery be unveiled, in her is the cradle of the Angel of Peace. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 11 2019 - Mother of God
Children of my Immaculate Heart, on my mantle the events of humanity are revealed. As Queen of Heaven, I appeared to a humble native who did not keep to himself what his eyes saw. Like simple and humble people, like those who believe without seeing, like those who obey when once spoken to, so did my beloved son, Saint Juan Diego. It is in humility that I reveal myself, in the humility of insisting out of obedience, of not failing to comply with my requests, which are none other than the Will of God, to which I call you. My Son asks man to humble himself. And man responds with pride. Is this the true love of my Son? For lack of humility, man has gone against my Son and rejected Him; I must remind those who reject my Son and have entered the path of the devil that they have been deceived by evil, and evil gathers around those who accept it. Children, you must immediately open your spiritual eyes and revoke your affiliation with marching by the side of the devil. Repent from your heart and make a firm intention not to return to rising up against my Son Jesus Christ, nor to blasphemy, nor to heresy, nor to profanity, nor to killing the innocent by supporting abortion, nor to being those who accept what is contrary to natural law. It is urgent for the repentance of my children, it is urgent for the awareness, it is urgent for the Church of my Son to continue to educate the people of my Son, it is urgent for the Church of my Son to open the doors of the churches and call parishioners to celebrate the hour of Eucharistic adoration every day in unity with my privileged sons and in obedience, so that man will not resist God's Love. You must understand that the devil is not an allegory, he exists and is desperate to penetrate the hearts of my children and thus prepare, through acts of denigration, people's support for the antichrist. My children, on this day in which you celebrate my intercession as our Lady of Guadalupe, I ask you to give a gift to my Son, be united in our Sacred Hearts, love one another, forgive from the Heart, be love, so that you can offer my Son reparation for those who do not make reparation. There is already a war on earth that is developing gradually, the nations are at war, but you children do not see it, you do not notice it, and when it unleashes on humanity, you will suffer because of the cruelty to which man has gone. You will have to help each other, help each other, and as a Mother I want you to offer me the pure love that exists in each of my children. The warning is near, and you are not paying attention to my calls. The warning is the moment when conscience itself will make you see your misfortunes and blessings, do not be foolish and do not be harsh with yourselves. Don't be foolish, don't lose yourselves in worldly things, or lose yourselves by listening to Satan's wiles, repent before the moment comes, which has so often been announced in various ways. This is no insignificant event, children, repent, make reparation, pray, consecrate yourselves to our Sacred Hearts and be merciful, in the name of my Son. Look upon me as the Empress of the Americas and ... the state of the Heart of this Mother as you look at the state of the nations, their spiritual decline, the aggressions, the insults to which my children are subjected, as my children lash out at each other, gripped by a frenzy that leads them to act beyond recognition. On this day in which you celebrate my revelation, offer me true love, not other love that is not the Love of my Son. Do not be afraid, I am leading you to my Son, do not be afraid, I am giving you all my Love and my help! You are not alone and wait for my beloved Angel of Peace. May my Blessing be upon all my children whom I love in God's Will. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 21 2019 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, the people of my Son, each one of you individually. I come to ask you to listen attentively to my Word, for it is God's will that you be attentive. Beloved ones, be attentive! Do not be distracted! Attention, children, attention: mankind has entered moments of greater pain, which will progress as the years go by, until, after purification, peace will come to all and be in all. My children are increasingly suffering from respiratory diseases, which are increasing, recurrent and require long treatment. Children, haven't you asked yourself why it is that you are weakening in the face of respiratory diseases? Exposure to drastic climate change contributes greatly to your bodies being exposed to respiratory complications, but at the same time the hand of man is indirect, spreading chemicals and viruses in the air, so that you get sick more often, and these sometimes become fatal to humans. In the face of this, you should protect yourself to minimize your exposure to white streaks when they cover the atmosphere. At the same time, spray the Good Samaritan oil on what you choose to protect your nose and mouth. The sick minds of powerful nations are demons that spread disease to my children on airplanes. Close your homes and stay out of the fresh air when you see strange forms in the atmosphere. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, there is a celestial body approaching from space that will alert humanity. Do not continue to take my words in vain and be aware that both the moon and the sun have a great influence on the earth and man. Look at the man of science who rejects the words that are the Will of God, science has not seen in advance what my Son warned you about, so take seriously the word I bring to you. Watch how the magnetic pole of the earth is deviating, this is causing serious complications for humanity and science. It is necessary for you to draw closer to my Son, even if your brothers ridicule you. The way of my children is the way of glory, the way of faithfulness to the Holy Trinity, the way against the current of the world - the way of 'already, but not yet'. Be attentive, volcanic activity is increasing, the number of earthquakes is increasing, as the faults that surround most of the earth are in constant motion, causing them to fracture and interact, increasing their strength and the suffering of my children. I encourage you to maintain spiritual preparedness. It is necessary for you, the people of my Son, to be the lights that draw the Father's gaze to the earth, so that he may see his faithful in adoration. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be faithful to my Son, honor Him and see Him in every brother and sister; as the people of my Son, you are not alone. Remember that the Mercy of my Son is infinite and that you are the pupil of His eye. Pray, love my Son, do not forget that you are His people and will never be abandoned by Him. Pray for yourselves, for your brothers and sisters, for all humanity. My maternal love helps you, and every cry of yours makes me go immediately to seek help. Do not be afraid, I am your Mother, my Son has entrusted each of you to me. I hold you in my Immaculate Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 23 2019 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, as captain of the heavenly armies established by the Most Holy Trinity, I convey to you, people of God, that you will celebrate the birth of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, born of our Queen and Mother Divine Will, pure and undefiled by original sin. Every person should offer a new heart to the Divine Child, to love with renewed feelings, to grow well spiritually. People of God, the desire to be more, in every aspect of life, is now almost a self-imposed obligation on man, yet no man who does not make an inner transformation will grow spiritually, for this requires a Heart free from worldly filth, especially pride. Humanity is growing in insecurity, it is inflamed, and it is a contagious disease that like a pandemic is spreading around the world. What is the reason for this? From the fact that people in their spiritual poverty are easy fodder for evil spirits that prowl the world. This is not an invention, evil is encircling the world before the impending arrival of the deceiver. You see changes in the behavior of nature and deny them, blind are those who with their eyes do not want to see reality; you see convulsions in various countries and deny that humanity is infected and inflamed, blind are those who with their eyes do not want to see reality; you see abortion and do not take responsibility for it, you are the new Herods of this age, blind are those who with their eyes do not want to see reality. You live as you wish; men dress in silks and women's clothes, women in men's clothes, and you deny that humanity is heading for the abyss, blind are those who with their eyes do not want to see. What happened to Sodom and Gomorrah? What will happen to this generation that will not remain in a state of impunity because of so many sins! You celebrate the birth of the baby Jesus, the King of Heaven and Earth, but you have already condemned Him to suffer from outrage and aberration, heresy and profanity, errors with which you want to modernize and remove the divine and replace it with idols. Where is the sacrifice of the Cross? Lamentations in Heaven, lamentations on earth! The innocent child, the son of the living, true God who came to earth, 'child of God, King of Heaven and Earth,' wants you to give back to Him again what is His, the new spirit, to love as He loves, and not to wander in forms of modernism that have Satan in them. People of God, praying, making sacrifices and fasts, your prayer groups who fast and pray, who remain sentinels and do not fall asleep, but watch so that evil does not continue to steal simple and unsuspecting or hardy souls, and whom you, through fasting and prayer, manage to bend in the name of God. People of God, who you pray and offer, sacrifice and pray, you are a beacon of light in the midst of darkness; do not hesitate, look up, for God sees you and we protect you, so that, if it is your will, we will guide you to the right path, where you will not stray. Creatures of God-Man, each one carries in his Heart this child that you should awaken and make it reborn, that you should surrender, not thinking of yourself, but of the Salvation of souls. A child has been born, a child who has come to save souls, a child who, being God, comes to ask you to come closer to Him and give Him the gold of your souls, the incense of every man's sacrifice, so that you will remain on the true path, the myrrh, so that you will continue to guard the tradition He has brought to you, so that you will remain until His second coming. Today, this child, our King, desires the gift of faithfulness, of sacrifice, of human will united to Him. United, let us worship Him who came into the world to be King. For ever and ever. Amen. Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace to men of good will. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 30 2019 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I carry you in My Heart. You are my people, I love you. I call on you constantly, because I do not want to lose you. I am before each of you, just give me your hand and let me guide you, I will be the light of your eyes. United with our Hearts, you begin this period of spiritual blessings for those who wish to receive them. Taking steps on the steep path is not easy, you must be in good spiritual condition to reach the goal. As you follow the path, you may be treated to abundant water so that you don't suffer from thirst, shelter from the sun or rain, you may be shown juicy food so that you don't suffer from hunger, and some may even tell you to board some form of transportation so that you can get down and not become exhausted. The world offers you so much so that you, my beloved children, will not reach your destination and be distracted by offers that seemingly make it easier for you to reach your destination by other means, but in the end you will be able to see that it was all a lie, just a deception, to lead you down the wrong paths and separate you from me. Such, my people, is the story of this generation! You live in a time when evil uses all its tricks to mislead you and present you with another God, who 'I am not.' But you must not forget that 'I am who I am'. My people, you will see what you have not seen until now, all My people must strengthen in faith, so that you will not withdraw from My side. My children hate Me, hurt Me, reject what I offer them and keep Me as King without My Kingdom; in the face of so many false Gods they accept, there is no place for Me - this is the result of the great spiritual battle you are in. Each of you is my child and I love you with Eternal Love. You flee from those who discredit you, and before this beggar of love you meet with profanities; you believe that I am dead, that I will not come to the aid of My people, but the wolves who want to destroy My Church enjoy only a temporary feast. You children, do not be afraid. My people know that I am the God of the living and that my teaching is the eternal present, and against those who want to pervert it, my people must stand firm and not give up, but abide in my Law. My people are shaken, trampled and will be even more so, so you must be firm, strong in faith, protected by my Word, do not fall - no one is greater than our Holy Trinity. I urge you to love my Mother, to Her I have entrusted my people at this time. Each of you is a light that can be seen from the vast universe, and this light is my barrier on earth. Be firm, children, be firm. You will not fail; you are suffering and will suffer, but you will not fail. It is urgent that my people know me, so that they do not fall into temptation! I have given you the absolute truth, and any other besides me is not the truth, but a shortcut of evil, so that my children will lose eternal life. Wait, wait with patience, with holy patience, for what has been revealed will be fulfilled. When people celebrate, rejoice, laugh, and do not remember me, I will send my angels to carry out what I have announced. My people do not want to listen to My Word, but only to what attracts them as sensationalism; later they will seek My Words and find them no more, because they have not been copied, and technology will not last forever. Man has reached the stars, but he has failed to believe in me; he has overcome plagues, but he has not overcome himself in his 'ego'; he has created vaccines in the first place to fight disease, but he has failed to create a vaccine against his own pride. Man has exceeded technological expectations, but he has not created faith, man has lavish mansions and luxury cars, but he has failed to give me the inner temple of his Heart, he has failed to bring me into himself and install me there. Man creates voices by means of technology, but none of these voices will move his conscience if I do not dwell in him alone. Attention, My children, My people, this is the moment of truth, and in this truth that I am, I will keep you in My Heart and in My Mother's Heart, if you obey as My true children. My people are not an alien people, even if they will be called heretical, isolated, hypocritical. Evil is good for those who do not love Me. My people, support one another, be united. Remain vigilant, humanity suffers from place to place, sometimes by nature, sometimes by the hand of man, sometimes by ideology. However, my people are the pupil of my eyes, and I am with my people, my Mother protects you, and when you are tired, my Angel of Peace will encourage you to keep going. Do not be afraid, our Sacred Hearts welcome you. I bless each and every one of my children who accepts this word of mine with love and respect. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.