January 05 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel
People of God, the love of our King and Lord Jesus Christ for His children is infinite, just as infinite is His Mercy and infinite His Justice. As you celebrate the Epiphany of the Lord, you should offer yourselves the gift of peace and unity, so that as God's people you will resist. What does a person see within himself? The thorn that has grown within him? Rebellion against the Holy Trinity leads man astray, causing him to usurp what is not his. You saw how your brothers plundered churches, desecrating our King present in the Eucharist! In a similar way, these same people will plunder what lies in their path in times of famine. You have not yet experienced the cruelty of the passage of human darkness over the earth; they will be like birds of prey, the disaster of this generation, man against man. People of God, be attentive, the eagles glide high and from on high spot their prey, but they do not always reach their goal. Be attentive, people of God, the symbol of freedom will fall, this is a foreshadowing of what will happen to this great nation. It will rise from its own ashes and this nation will be new after the purification. People will emigrate in search of security, which will be hard to find when there is a dispute between nations over world power. People of God, therefore, I call on you to make reparations, each individually and then united. Only in unity will you avoid the horrors of what is facing mankind. Man will learn from his own suffering, only then he will not recover, but will have to start from a ruined earth and beg for manna from above in order to survive. Don't be skeptical, appeal to God's mercy, so that in moments of pain our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Mother and Queen will come hastily. Pray, you must pray, you must be beings who pray with their hearts, powers and senses, united with the Sacred Hearts, and then live the practice of prayer in your personal life and by offering the fruits of prayer to your neighbors. People of God, pray diligently for world peace, the thread has been broken and the onslaught of the storm will not cease, but the people of God pray and offer without hesitation. See the progress of Satan in families, see how parents and children are struggling. The vast majority of scientific centers have collapsed morally, workplaces are battlefields, communities are flooded by jealousy, and what about the man within? Make amends in the face of so much disobedience, envy, pride, harmful appearances, and be the opposite of the world, be love and fulfill the blessings. It is urgent that the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ be prepared not to stumble; the helm of the Church of our King and Lord is suffering. Rome will be attacked. People of God, the earth is moving violently from within, there are great earthquakes on the surface, so it is necessary for you to prepare now to help your brothers and sisters. The earth is shaking strongly amidst threats of man against man, amidst the struggles of nations. Time is not time and has reached humanity. Prophecies are being fulfilled one by one and ... you must maintain inner peace, so that evil does not take possession of you and prey on you. The moment has come for forgiveness, for repentance, for living Divine Love in every person, do not be indifferent! We, the armies of heaven, accompany God's people in their trials. We remain close to each person, do not be afraid, sow peace in hearts, have a pure mind, think steadfastly in faith, be creatures of peace. Devote yourselves to Sacred Hearts and remain faithful to the tradition of the Church. I bless you. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 12 2020 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I love you with an everlasting love. My beloved ones, devoting human time to calculating the date of the fulfillment of My revelations and the revelations of My blessed Mother is the result of human impatience, not faith. All that I have revealed to you, all that my Mother has revealed to you, all that my beloved Saint Michael the Archangel has revealed to you, all will be fulfilled. Do you ask yourself how you feel spiritually? How many rags have you left in your path? The rags of the human ego, which takes priority over my requests, over loving me as you should. My people, there are so many signs at this time, and you are so blind that more laments will be heard throughout creation. Return to Me urgently, you live so far from Me! Blinded by what does not concern you, you expand your daily life with a multitude of responsibilities that are not yours, because you carry foreign crosses without actually carrying what concerns you, and for this reason the burden crushes you. Be aware that in order to love me, you need to know me in my Word, in a personal moment-by-moment relationship, in receiving me in the Eucharist, in being 'alone with me', in peace and love for your neighbors. My beloved people, you need faith like a 'mustard seed' so that you do not despair in waiting. You need to strengthen your spirit and quickly, leaving nothing for tomorrow that concerns the Salvation of the soul - tomorrow belongs to Me. My people, pay attention, the earth is deviating from its axis and will continue to deviate, the waters of the seas are encroaching on a large part of the coasts, and inexplicable phenomena are taking place in the water, the whole earth is shaking from the relentless sun, volcanoes are erupting, and man is not paying attention, he is trying to minimize what is happening and saying that you have to wait a long time, but he should thank My Mother who intercedes for mankind. As the earth is shaking, so is my Church shaking, adopting modernist trends that are not my Will. Looking at me from afar, they try to eliminate me in my own home, assign me a distant place, and then deny that I am alive, present and beating in the Eucharist, denying my Transubstantiation; they deny my Mother even more. My people must be strong, resist and not lose faith. They will lash out at Mine and like wolves will pursue them. My people, persevere and do not forget that 'I am with you.' My people, in calamities, in the assaults of nature, in persecution, in slander, in insults, and when they turn you away from certain places, do not forget that 'our Blessed Trinity is with you and my people will not suffer forever.' My beloved people, the dangers among the nations will be repeated, there will be repeated deaths, there will be repeated acts of terrorism; man is more and more eager for revenge, one side and the other will mortally wound each other on various occasions. My people, My innocent children will not suffer what the majority will, I will protect them. Gather in groups, whether family, prayer and friendship, and prepare places where you can remain united in times of severe persecution or war. Store what is necessary in order so that you can remain there until my angels let you know. These shelters will be protected from invasion, remember that there is strength in unity, if one weakens in faith, another will raise him up, if one falls ill, another brother will support him, in unity. Wait in faith, so that the latter, strengthened, will prepare you for the time of persecution. My beloved people, I lead you by the hand, I am your Father, and I will not leave you alone. I am who I am, do not despair. My peace is in each of you. I love you, I bless you, my faithful ones. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 19 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, with gratitude to the Most Holy Trinity, I urge you not to wait for conversion. Our Queen and Mother of all creation invites you to take this step now! I see demons confronting man, causing failures, disappointments, touching the human ego to make you lose peace, faith, trust and leave you in despair, and the goal is to make you feel abandoned by our King and Lord Jesus Christ. You are at a moment of fierce struggle between good and evil. Good is advancing discreetly, while evil is unleashing itself on everything and against everything, sweeping out of its path anything that might be an obstacle to its destructive plans; it is raising its voice, it has stopped sneaking around, it now spots its victims from afar and attacks them when it sees that they are spiritually weak in some respect. People of God, you live in the world, but you are not of the world, and yet it is very easy to forget this, especially when you experience some spiritual discouragement, acting like those who are of the world, forgetting that being part of the mystical body of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, you must work and act with dignity, even if you are overcome by pain. You have not yet entered desolation, so you must be strong, created by faith, doing God's will, and not stumble, so that you can maintain continuity in the vocation that everyone has, being worthy children of the King. The earth is shaking violently, creating a feeling of fear in humanity, and so looking up for the answer that man has within himself, due to the distance he keeps from the Blessed Trinity. As a generation, you must pray and practice prayer, receive the Body and Blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and practice this Communion, otherwise deeds do not bear fruit, deeds are scattered in a barren land, and man will not bear the fruits of eternal life. For this, you must first prepare yourselves, properly repent for the wrong you have done, and set a firm goal of improvement, so that you do not fall back into the same sinful acts. As God's people, you know very well that Satan, proud and arrogant, fights against you and does not warn you, because he works in the smallest details, in those that are imperceptible to you, and in this way, hurting your 'ego', he brings his task to an end, and you do not recognize it. People of God, spiritual arrogance, spiritual pride, is the greatest evil of the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, and it is this evil that will lead part of mankind to fall because of not recognizing their mistakes and not putting love of neighbor and brotherly love above all else. Do not seek our King and Lord Jesus Christ in a way that He has not indicated to you to find Him properly. Whoever is curious, whoever wants to reach the unknown, will find a heavier cross, a burden he has not borne, and will hesitate, stumble, until he becomes a being who, by merit, is worthy of God's mercy. God's people must strengthen themselves and deepen their faith, seek unity and do not separate themselves from the humble, because many people will come who will seem very wise and will make great speeches; they will eloquently present you with news in all areas of life, but they are messengers of Satan who have been sent to lead you off the true path that leads to eternal life. There are no methods to achieve holiness - it is a constant, arduous work, an effort to be more humble and thus be able to be seen by God with mercy. Not the haughty, but the humble, not the one who humiliates, but the one who submits with humility, not the one who refuses to forgive, but the one who forgives with humility, not the one who crushes his neighbor, but the one who stands up and accepts his neighbor with love, not the one who is learned, but the one who is humbly enlightened by God's holy Spirit will receive mercy from God. People of God, you must not wait - repent, do not accept the false idols of the world, do not succumb to temptation, be faithful at this moment more than at other moments. People of God, you were impatient and complained that the announced events were not coming, now be persistent and do not fall, for the force of events will make you wake up. Pray, people of God, pray for perseverance. Pray, people of God, pray for faith. Pray, people of God, pray for unity. Remain faithful to the true magisterium of the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, be faithful! You will say: on this day the sun shines and warms us, and the rain will come unexpectedly; you will say: we have water and let us use it, and contamination will come unexpectedly; there are no diseases in this place, and plagues affect large areas, move through the air - as I have already mentioned - move through, spread through the air via airplanes. Terrorism operates not only on the ground, but also in the air. People of God, pray the Holy Rosary and call on our Queen and Mother to hold your hand, and do not turn away from our Queen and Mother; remain in God's Hands, so that you will not be led astray by events that take you by surprise. You will bear fruit, even if it seems not to be so, if you remain faithful to our King and Lord, Jesus Christ. People of God, may you not be overwhelmed by loneliness, you are loved by the Holy Trinity, may you not be overwhelmed by loneliness, you are loved by our Queen and Mother, may you not be overwhelmed by loneliness, we protect you and accompany you, call upon us, children of God - we are constantly watching over you. Be strong, stand firm, you are not helpless, live truly, live by God and for God. Do not be afraid, do not be afraid, do not be afraid! You are the pupils of God's eyes. Be strong, people of God! Who is like God! None like God. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

January 28 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I carry you in my maternal Heart. Each person is special to me, and I do not want you to be lost in the midst of the confusion that my Son's Church is facing and will continue to face. Each of you, as part of the mystical body, must live the faith deeply. Each person in particular must strengthen his faith and live in constant union with my Son. You are the people of my Son, but nevertheless you must remain in the column that moves, doing God's will, aware that you cannot hide from the eyes of my Son. This is a time of suffering for the people of my Son. Faith will be put to the test, and therefore you must be aware that you cannot be lukewarm, you cannot proclaim with your mouth that you love my Son and with your mind do otherwise, you cannot praise my Son with one hand and with the other differently, so you must praise with both hands, you must love my Son with your Heart, powers and senses, not with half-measures. The people of my Son will be put to the test more, so that in each person is revealed what is in the depths of his mind, thoughts, heart. In this way, each person will respond in truth, in lukewarmness or in denial. Difficult times are coming; my Son's faithful people will be persecuted by those who do not love my Son and by those who, being part of my Son's people, resort to modernism, forgetting 'tradition and sound doctrine'; in this confusion, some will be persecutors of others. I warn you, my children, 'foundations are not dug in the air'; you have the magisterium of the Church and in it you must remain. Beloved children, it is important that you stick to proper spiritual preparation, only then and only then will you be able to face what is coming for humanity, supporting yourselves in faith. You should keep peace not only within yourselves, but also in your homes and wherever you are, without peace you are open to Satan's wiles. Understand that you should be aware of the time in which you live, your work and actions, nothing is hidden from the eyes of God. My children, you know very well that those who stand over the governments of the world hide what they want, and you should not live as if nothing is happening. Maintain a healthy diet, so that your body does not easily fall prey to the diseases I warned you about in the name of the Father's House. Great pestilences, plagues generated by unknown viruses are coming over mankind, use the oil of the good Samaritan as protection in the face of a case of highly contagious disease in your place of residence - just the amount of the head of a pin on your earlobes. If the number of infected people increases, place it on both sides of your neck and on the wrists of both hands. My children, the subjugation of governments to the new world order does not take you into account, on the contrary, this order is against humanity. The earth is still shaking strongly, prepare yourselves with what is necessary, no country should feel that it is exempt from suffering. This causes volcanoes to become active and my children will suffer more. Humanity must prepare for great changes, one country will suffer and the other will suffer at the same time, they will not be able to help each other if both are affected. Save your souls, children of my Immaculate Heart, save your souls. Prepare yourselves to stay in the shelter of our Sacred Hearts, let everyone make his home a shelter of love, where evil cannot penetrate. Some of my children have prepared to create shelters where they can keep their brothers and sisters; do not worry, do not be afflicted, for my Son will lead you to these shelters or keep you in your homes where you will be guarded. Everyone should strive to be a true temple of the Holy Divine Spirit, to be a messenger of Divine Love, Divine Peace, and the rest will be added to you. The Father's House calls on you to continue your conversion. - Being united and obedient to what my Son allows me to convey to you, the way is more bearable. - You are the people of God, you are loved by the Most Holy Trinity, this Mother blesses you and loves you, do not hesitate and do not despair, have faith! - Faith above all things, my children, faith above all things, without faith man is nothing. - You are the people of my Son, and being obedient children, doing God's will, God's protection remains with you. Do not be afraid, my children, I cover you with my mantle! I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 06 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ! The inexorable passage of time accelerates the fulfillment of prophecies. The devil's pestilence is spreading throughout humanity, not holding back its activity; while God's children sleep, evil does not sleep, but acts fiercely and attacks without mercy. In light of this, I encourage you to be attentive to decisions that bypass the Word of God, causing people to go astray and then work and act against the Will of God. Confusion in the mystical body of Christ has opened the way to schism, which will be reached by the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Be faithful, be a people who feed on the Body and Blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Eucharist find strength for what is to come. From each Eucharist received, you will derive the necessary fruits when you are unable to receive sacramental communion, so that you will not suffer spiritual hunger, as long as the Eucharist is received under the necessary spiritual conditions. Pray at all times; constant prayer, unity with your King and Lord Jesus Christ, are essential for you to be full of hope, so that you can continue without interruption. Be attentive, very attentive in the face of innovations that weaken the Word of God expressed in the Holy Scriptures! Great trials have fallen upon the church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Unwarranted changes attract spiritual afflictions that allow demons to enter human beings. Woe to those who are lenient to the fall of the children of the Most High! Great afflictions are spreading over the whole earth, man will find no refuge anywhere - neither in the mountains, nor in the meadows, nor in the cities, because man has come to question his King and Lord. Man has broken away from his King and his Lord to give in to unholy instincts, to the point that the devils themselves will celebrate when people lash out at other people, being worse than wild animals. It will be then that all of creation will be amazed and ashamed of man and his behavior, and the earth will groan after receiving so many abominations. Earthquakes are on the increase, especially since the seas are agitated at the moment due to the movements created from the depths of the earth and the seas. Ecosystems, destroyed by the hand of man, force insects to seek food in other environments, and cities are invaded by locusts, grasshoppers and crickets, leaving man without food. You lack the humility to raise prayers to your Queen and Mother of all people, our King and Lord Jesus Christ does not reject those who come to His Mother so that she can intercede. Pray, all of you, pray. Plagues proceed quietly, some arise before the eyes of man, others are caused by erroneous teaching. Pray everyone, pray. Considering the silencing of the truth, be prudent, do not expose yourselves to diseases that will sweep across the land. Pray, everyone, pray. Various countries on earth will suffer great earthquakes, including Central America, Chile, Ecuador, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico and Puerto Rico. The state of California and the city of San Francisco will move with great force. Argentina is shaking. Large volcanoes are becoming active, yet most people ignore this until they themselves are affected. Such is the great ignorance of man, he follows his musical idols, his sports idols, but he knows nothing about Heaven's statements, he ignores Heaven's warnings. You, the people of God - the people praying and practicing the law of God, and fearing to offend Him, pray, not only with words, but pray, waking up your sleeping brothers. I urge you not to break down, to stand firm in the faith, to be truly brothers and sisters. We, the armies of heaven, guard you, call on us to help you; do not forget that you have guardian angels, call on them, talk to them, give them permission to intervene and do not let you go down the wrong path. People of God, you must face trials, but at the same time you must go to your destination, united with your King and Lord Jesus Christ, by the hand with your Queen and Mother, so that you will enjoy heaven in advance. Do not be afraid! Be love, be humility, be mercy, and you will receive the rest in addition. In honor of our King and Lord of Heaven and Earth. United in the love of the Most Holy Trinity. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 16 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, as a prince of the legions of heaven, I have been sent by the most holy Trinity to call upon you as the people of God to unite not only in prayer, but in reparation and repentance for the fact that mankind has underestimated, rejected and negated the messages received through this instrument. As the people of God, you should see in spirit how much Heaven has warned and assured you of what will happen to humanity if you do not heed the calls of our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth.... And yet you have not complied because of contempt and rebellion and continue to disobey, knowing that the cause of all evil is pride; this is what man has come to. You look with mild concern at what threatens mankind, at the disease that has mutated, but soon you will forget about it, not paying any attention to it, and forgetting the preventive measures, the disease will spread everywhere. Most of the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ live every moment, do not persevere, quickly forget, and this leads them to fall into the clutches of evil. In this way, Satan's hordes have descended upon humanity, infiltrating society, education, religion, politics, food, health and the identity of every human being, opposing everything and everyone to create a generation that will accept the antichrist, surrendering to the devil. You must be concerned with preserving unity to fight against the forces of evil that have invaded the house of God, and those who do not love you are misleading you, leading you to the abyss. This generation is being tested to the depths, many are falling away - to the right, to the left, but you must remain faithful. Evil does not rest, the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ do not see the truth that hides under the cloak of evil. And so it is that God's people are asleep, caught in their own 'ego', which blinds them, so that they do not see the deceptions to which you have been led, desecrating the house of God. You will hear of visits in disguise to the cradle of communism; do not rejoice, do not participate; like a roaring lion, communism will appear on earth, bringing great pain and invading it, and there will be .... war. Remain vigilant! The departure of the defender of the true magisterium of God's house will cause great pain to God's people, and will be celebrated by those who see him as an obstacle to bringing God's people into one religion. Attention, do not give up, you must follow the right path, do not go astray. We, the legions of heaven, accompany you at every moment. Do not be afraid, on the contrary, be creatures of action, do not lose heart even for a moment, so that you go forward safely. Do not be afraid, the ultimate triumph belongs to the people of God. Do not be afraid, your Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth does not abandon you, she stands before you, she is the Mother of Humanity, the 'gate of Heaven'. Live with the Eucharistic Christ. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 24 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, God is perfect, He does everything perfectly, and yet your response is contrary to God's Will - very contrary. Great and grave events are happening on earth, which will increase without interruption; time is no longer and what I have been announcing for years is coming.... In front of a humanity that lives without awareness of its work and action. You look scared when you experience natural events that put you in danger; moments pass and you return to the same. Hypocrites! Then you return to live in the joy of the temporal, and the pain and anguish disappear, just as the events that made you afraid disappear. You live wanting the best, to be the best, the most applauded, the most praised, and yet.... Do you desire the same spiritually, or do you live by appearances? Man does not see his reality, which he has forged for himself with his immoral laws, the debauchery of a mind immersed in that which allows him to live without God, without giving an account of his spiritual works and deeds. Therefore, you reject that which evokes God in you. You have forged a new god of sin and excitement that allows you to do what the One and True God does not allow you to do, because He loves you and wants you to save your souls. But you children have created a worldly, liberal god, and you say 'what a novelty!'; you applaud it and pay homage to it, in the midst of the feasts, degeneracy, degradation, drugs, alcohol and debauchery that ... Satan offers you and which, as humanity, you largely covet without hesitation. But you children, distorting the Word of God, claim that Heaven and eternal life is a fantasy. You reject the exhortations that the Holy Trinity addresses to you, and claim that they are lies and the invention of a few lunatics, and you unscrupulously and fearlessly claim that obedience to Divine Law is a thing of the past, you think it is outdated, and you think that obedience and devotion to God out of love for Him is not for this generation. You think that following the calls of Heaven is a matter for the incompetent, the insane and those lacking intelligence. This is the thinking of the advanced generation that leads this humanity. Rebellions and denials against order, above all spiritual order, are the order of the day; tearing down images and entering churches during Eucharistic celebrations are entertained by those who have polluted themselves with the actions of Satan. I mourn so much contempt for God's Will, for love, for the 'Alpha and Omega'! I mourn for so many of My children who do not want Salvation and wish to remain in the darkness of sin, disobedience and rebellion with which they satisfy Satan. My Son is the Way, the Truth and the Life, and everyone who believes in Him will live forever! This is the truth, people of God, this is the truth, respecting, accepting and loving the Commandments, the Sacraments, loving and fulfilling the Word of God. Many are called and few are chosen', not because the Holy Trinity does not love you, but because each of you refuses of your own free will. You children are called to follow my Son and His teachings, you are called to know Him and make His Divine Word known to people. This is not the time to fold your hands and be silent without preaching, you must awaken the people of my Son who are asleep and do not recognize Him, you must receive Divine food so that you will be strengthened, but properly prepared. Children, return to the way of my Son, for Satan's spoils increase with each passing day; do not reject his calls when night is near and the lamentations of the people will spread throughout the land. Man has waited until the last moment, and it is no different in this generation. The waiting continues, and Satan steals souls. The disease is progressing and man is silent, but as the Mother of Mankind, I urge you to be vigilant against the virus that has come out of human hands toward mankind, so man is afraid of himself because he knows himself. Do not wait, my children, the plague is advancing from country to country and spreading, therefore I have given you in advance the medicines with which you should fight this and other diseases with which you will be attacked. While man sleeps, the earth continues to shake strongly. Pray, my children, pray for the United States. Pray, my children, pray for Chile. Pray, my children, pray for Japan. Pray for Central America. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the goal is eternal life, and you will not find this attached to worldly things. Stay united so that you can survive, stay on the path my Son has called you to. Do not be afraid children, it is necessary for this Mother to speak to you in this way. Do not be afraid, I am your Mother and I will not abandon you. Go to my Son, answer His call. Let my Love and my Blessing be a new awakening. In each of you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

February 29 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, people of the Most Holy Trinity! Do you seek my Son? Why then do you choose other paths? Perhaps you are trying to reach higher by other means? You want to soften your steps, and you go astray, moving further away. There are no shortcuts to attain eternal life, there are no shortcuts; everyone must follow the same path, and that is the path of holiness. Everyone at some point walks the road of Calvary, but you should not walk it, complaining or anchored in human desires, but on the contrary, live it as my Son walked it, looking to the end, to the Cross of Glory and Majesty. In the same way, the Church of my Son walks this path and all the time goes deeper and deeper into it. As the mystical body of my Son, you must redouble your efforts so that the devil does not lead you into waters that are not the waters of my Son. You must remain in the tradition of the Church. The great news of the Gospel is that my Son forgives and loves, loves and forgives those who with true repentance come before Him and decide to live a new life and do so with humility and a contrite heart. This is the great newness, forgiveness, mercy and Divine Justice that opens the door for those who repent intrinsically. This Divine Mercy cannot be found either by changing God's Law or by modernizing it. My Son loves all His children and all people are His children, but in order to receive eternal life, one must fulfill God's Law and live according to this Law. I see so many human beings who live in their human ego, not forgiving those whom my Son could forgive, this is not truly Christian. I see so much confusion in humanity, ignoring the great human tragedy at the hands of evil! I see so many of my children caught up in temptations and abiding in them, forgetting that my Son was tempted by the devil, and in my Son each of you was tempted, but my Son overcame temptation and gave victory to all who fulfill God's Law. I see that so many of my children are crying out and crying out to my Son, and my Son is offering you living water to quench your thirst, and time and again you reject it because you do not see what you want to see. You lack faith! Because the world does not speak of faith, the world does not speak of God's Love, but of flesh and sin, whose name has been changed, and you call it modernism. But I must tell you that you are walking in the wrong paths, my Son calls you to repentance, I call you to repentance, to repentance, to deep fasting, fasting of the physical and spiritual senses. Noah preached repentance and repentance. Jonah called for repentance and announced to the people of Nineveh that their city would be destroyed. Some did not listen and perished, others listened and were forgiven. This generation has received more calls to repentance than previous generations, yet the response is still negative, due to attachment to worldly life, being unconstrained, and in other cases, attached to an 'ego' that does not allow forgiveness, which my Son does not deny them. How far has the crime of this generation gone? Pride, children. Man has developed sciences, but he has not developed spiritually, because for you, spirit and eternal life do not represent - on earth, in the present, at this moment - neither honor, nor popularity, nor great monetary rewards, nor public recognition, and this is what today's man craves most. I see human beings proud, arrogant, boasting about themselves, their wealth, intellect, abilities, and yet in the depths of these people I see anxiety, dissatisfaction, sadness, unhappiness. Children of my Immaculate Heart, wake up, you should not live this fast according to tradition, which is not just tradition, but commemoration; it is about awakening and living life, the true way, the eternal truth. So much pain for foolish humanity, so many human tragedies that go unrecognized, so much contempt for the calls of the Father's House, and when you recognize your disobedience, you have suffered so much because of your foolishness that the lament of humanity will have no limit. Are you living in purification, and you don't know it yet? Look at the state of My Son's Church, look at the decisions of governments whose norms and laws are completely contrary to life and morality. Look at the reaction of nature everywhere, look at the starvation of peoples. Look at the progress of communism and the oppression of nations that do not declare themselves overt communists. Oppression to one government, one religion, one currency, one science to the death of body and soul. This is the ordeal to which the Church of my Son is being led, this is the ordeal that the mystical body of my Son is constantly living; this is the entrance of the antichrist into humanity. Be aware, my children, that in addition to prayer, fasting, penance during this Lenten season, you should include fasting of the senses, and especially fasting of the mind, which sets you against your brothers and sisters. Cleanse your inner house, so that purity is born in you, and is not something external that does not last. My Son desires repentant, willing and willing hearts, not the simulation of false religion. Children, do not panic in the face of pandemics, be obedient and prepare what I have given you to fight them, do not be deceived and prepare yourselves, people will not tell you the truth - I will. Do not forget that my Son is the way to eternal life. Do not forget that I am here, that I am your Mother. Live in Divine Love, which has no end. I bless you with my Love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 08 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I am sent by the Most Holy Trinity as a prince of the armies of heaven. During this time of Lent, in which every person should prepare for spiritual renewal, and therefore external renewal, a change in customs and expressions towards brothers and sisters, you must understand that Lent is more than just a remembrance, it is God's mercy to allow man to choose the ultimate conversion for the rest of his life. Lent is for each of you to reflect on your deeds and works, make a firm resolution to convert, and constantly live this decision in every moment of life, in every situation. In the face of the current generation that has decided to turn away from our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I urge you to convert, to live this conversion not with anxiety or pain, but with the joy of Eternal Salvation and gratitude to the Most Holy Trinity. Everyone should examine himself without masks and in the minutest detail. Revise one's charity - it is not just about helping one's neighbor with food, clothing, necessities - which are indeed very important and urgent - but something more. Love guides the soul so that it does not forsake our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Love is just, benevolent, sincere; it loves in God's Love, it is gentle, it does not demand reciprocity, it understands brother and sister. Love is the life of morality. Charity comes from God if it is directed by God and not by human interpretation. Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, exert yourselves to the maximum and set a strong goal of improvement, to the maximum. This Lent is not like the previous ones, it is unique. Live this Lent to go where before you were only passing or completely oblivious, like the majority of humanity who live immersed in false ideologies, personal desires or in sects that the devil has created for you to worship him and thus be taken by him to the abyss. You are unaware of the battle that is going on above you, the battle between good and evil, the battle for the souls that our King and Lord Jesus Christ has commissioned us to save. Return, people of God, return, do not constantly err, so that you can recognize true love, the Word of God. People of God, the Holy Rosary contains a constant offering to the Divine call and is the Mother's response to this Divine call. Therefore, pray with such faith that you illuminate the entire universe. With the prayers of the Holy Rosary, recited with special love, alleviate so much that you have yet to suffer, so much sorrow, so much horror, so much evil that man has created with his own hands and from which he has turned away at the time when he will be surprised. Do not underestimate Heaven's announcement. There will come times when the borders will close in vain, for then it will be the air that carries the pestilence, not man directly. Beloved, repent before sorrow breaks you! Suffering for mankind is coming, great suffering is coming, a pandemic is coming. For this reason, the Father's House has allowed our Queen of Heaven and Earth to be the one who, with her love, gives you the means of protection against the diseases that are coming for humanity. Do not forget that everything should be applied with faith, faith is the main ingredient for miracles to take place. The earth will not stop shaking, you know this, as well as the fact that threats to the earth will come from the universe. You are warned by Divine love, even if you do not react. How will those who mocked the Divine invocations, the Eucharistic celebrations and the Divine Law, which is inviolable, lament! How the human race will lament that they did not respond and will suffer more because of it! Do not be distracted further, love God above all things, God is the highest good and therefore you must love Him, not forgetting that for the love of God there is no measure - you must give your all. Persevere, you are loved by the Highnesses. You will receive the fruit of perseverance, constancy, submission, sincerity. You will receive fruit from the hands of God, the fruit of true faithfulness, faith that renounces lukewarmness. You are loved by our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth; be ready to embrace Her hands. You are loved by the Blessed Trinity; keep the faith and be faithful. Be creatures of generosity in loving your neighbor beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ; be messengers of peace. We, the legions of heaven, rush to protect you. Live with Christ in the Eucharist! Who is like God! No one is like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 15 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you at this time when humanity needs my Son to dedicate himself to conversion. Today, more than at any other time, humanity is plunged into a moment of darkness in which chaos reigns. Darkness has taken over the greater part of human actions and behavior. You witness how everything can change for humanity in an instant; you do not worship and praise the 'King of kings and Lord of lords,' but I see most countries abandoned in the face of a pandemic. Therefore, I call on all of humanity to pray, imploring the Most Holy Trinity that in Their Holy Will the virus be stopped. I call upon all mankind to recite on Thursday, March 19, at three o'clock in the afternoon in every country the prayer that my Son taught you, as an offering pleasing to the Eternal Father, slowly and from the heart, three times. It is necessary for mankind to cry out to the Most Holy Trinity for God's Mercy and for this pandemic to be relieved in God's Will, and along with prayer I encourage you to place blessed oil - and if you have the oil of the Good Samaritan, put a drop of it in the blessed oil - and mark the frames of the front door of your house and the back door with it, and to remain in a state of Grace, which is necessary at this time. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, if you look with spiritual eyes at human actions and behavior, you will see how, by the will of man, you have gone from being children of God to living as enemies of God, committing very serious heresies for which you will experience the gall of pain inflicted on God. Beloved children, how I called you to repentance, and you did not listen! There are so many 'faded graves' living in the Church of my Son, who by their spiritual blindness have contaminated the vast majority of my Son's people, who have buried the truth of my Son's appeal that his people should not be holy, as my Son's people should be. Because of this, man has forged for himself that which is to come upon mankind, and that which is to come will subdue him. How much, then, remains for you to experience, amidst great horrors and suffering! This is the pain of my Son, the suffering of his children! Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, may this be a time for you to inwardly examine yourselves, to reflect on your deeds and actions, to contemplate the path and effort of purification and conversion. The time has come for you to rise spiritually; either you will succeed now, or the suffering will be greater if you wait longer. As Mother, I want to lead you along a safe path; whether you allow me to do so depends on each of you. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this generation is no different from previous generations who stubbornly disobeyed God's calls until they found themselves facing a moment they did not expect. Our beloved Angel of Peace abides in prayer before the Triune Throne, waiting for the Divine command to stir hearts, to awaken those who are asleep, to protect those who are rejected but have not lost faith, to be at the side of those who know that God's mercy loves and forgives, forgives and loves, and who return to my Son. Pray that time will be shorter and events will be short. Beloved children, mortal life imprisons you, a life consecrated to the Most Holy Trinity frees you. Pray my children, pray for Mexico, the earth tremors will not be delayed. Pray, my children, pray that all human beings will heed God's calls and that further suffering will be alleviated. Pray my children, pray. The establishment of my Son's Church will astound mankind; faith will regress even further. Pray, my children, pray that fear will not fall upon my children, knowing that the economy is causing humanity to falter. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, listen to the calls that the Most Holy Trinity allows you to receive. Be fraternal, do not persist in your attachment to sin. Persist in this fast without fear, but in reparation. Do not offend the Divine Heart of my Son, live as if you were living the last day of your life. Do not be afraid! Am I not here, I who am your Mother? I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 20 2020 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of My people, you are the pupil of My eye. Receive my Blessing, which as a loving Father I come to give you. My beloved people, you are not walking alone, you are on the path chosen by each of you, and I accompany you on this path. Open to Me the doors of your hearts, so that I may embrace you and free you from the chains of the oppression of evil. My beloved ones, you have entered troubled waters, waters that, like a magnet, humanity itself has attracted. For forty days and forty nights the water from heaven caused a flood.... For forty years the people of Israel walked in the wilderness ... For forty days and forty nights I was in the wilderness .... and today this generation must go into seclusion for forty days and nights, in the midst of life. I would like this to be a time of revival of love in families. Let this time be a time of unity, love, forgiveness, understanding, because the spirit of evil is prowling to tempt you and cause division among those who strive for the common good. May this period of extended Lent be a time for families to look each other in the eye anew, to share anew what they have ceased to share because wanderings have separated them. May it be a time for you to inwardly examine yourselves, to appreciate life, to reorient yourselves in the opposite direction to that in which this generation is moving, and may it not be something temporary, for this time has been written in indelible ink. You saw events move before your eyes at an accelerated pace. Without a word, you bowed your heads and obeyed the orders coming from the heights of human power. You see only the present, unable to look beyond it. You should obey in the face of the plague, greater ones will come, but at present the world elite is testing the reaction of humanity, and those who dominate will use this virus to establish their power over humanity. I offered myself on the Cross and called you through my love, I called you through my prophets, but for you nothing is important, only what comes to threaten life, in the face of which even faith is vain. I have called you to give everything out of love, but you do not forgive. You are still locked up in your human ego, and it is this ego that will cause your downfall, contagion, for if the Heart is not pure, the body is defenseless. I call on you not to turn away from Me, not to be easy prey for evil. I call on you to be true, to surrender out of love, through my love, through that love that distinguishes you as my children. I call on you to prepare yourselves in spirit, do not go other ways, be righteous in your work and actions. He who harbors grudges remains chained to his 'ego' and in his 'ego' perishes. You do not understand the seriousness of my Words .... You do not understand that you should prepare for the Warning .... You do not understand that I am both Mercy and Judge ... You do not understand that the suffering of humanity will continue. The earth is shaking from one extreme to another, and the suffering will not be caused only by a virus, but by various events, and my Word will be fulfilled. There will be continuous events that will not allow you to help each other. You did not believe, but the moment you experience what I announced to you, you are moved, you feel fear, fear overwhelms you, and the faith you do not have cannot sustain you. I suffer along with the suffering of my children, but you are not meek or humble, but presumptuous and disobedient, you seek the announcement and not my Word to repent. Events will not be delayed, you will experience them one by one. Man will know poverty, even those who feel secure because of money - it will be of no use, and I will say to them: 'Give to Caesar what is from Caesar, and to God what is from God. And what will you give back to Me? What have you given me? Doubt, lies, contempt, unbelief, pride, disobedience. Pray, my children. Pray for all mankind, that each person will see himself and with love for his neighbor respect his brothers and sisters in this time in which they are experiencing pestilence. Pray, my children. Pray that you will be aware of the power shown by those who move humanity. This is an easy way to rule over you; later the antichrist will come as the Savior of mankind. Pray, my children. Pray, a war is coming that will shake humanity. Pray, my children. Pray for the earthquakes that are coming. Pray for the United States, Italy, Japan, Puerto Rico, Central America, Chile. Pray for each other; all will suffer. Children, my Mother has given you the medicine of our Will. You continue to seek what is human and not what we have given to man by God's Will. Do not expose yourselves unnecessarily, be careful and do not expose yourselves, instead pray at this time in your homes. I bless you with my Love. I bless each and every one of you. I bless you with my Cross of Glory. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 24 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, as a messenger of the Most Holy Trinity and our Queen of Heaven and Earth, I must tell you that above all obedience is what leads you on the right path. Humility and a desire for the good of your brothers and sisters are necessary so that Divine Love, as beings emanating goodness, can spread to every child of God who needs prayer and blessing at this time. Humanity has been brought to the times that have already been foretold, and this should make you reflect, meditate and stop on your way, with full seriousness and responsibility, and make a decision to save your souls. What you are experiencing is serious, and although it is not a virus like others that will come with greater force, it is a virus that has been very well thought out to infect as many human beings as possible. Therefore, it is necessary to show foresight and take the necessary measures. Humanity has been given natural remedies to help you control these diseases, but you quickly forget what Heaven has left for you. Children of God, the mystical Body of Christ, King and Lord, you must cry out through your personal and communal decision, because everything can be repelled and overcome when confronted with prayer, but prayer must be seasoned with faith. Without faith, nothing is possible. The power of Freemasonry in the world is making its presence known, and in concert with the mighty of this world they are plotting how to further eliminate more and more of the world's population in order to make the way easier for the antichrist. Another means of pressure that Freemasonry will exert on the earth is the food shortage, and in the face of this, man indeed loses control and brings out his most savage instincts. The Masonic strategy is designed to dominate humanity through fear. People of God, this scourge is very contagious, so you should not expose yourselves, but this lesson must be viewed by all with the eyes of faith, so that you can see the power of this elite, which intends to impose one government, one religion, one currency, one education and the extermination of three-quarters of the world's population, so that the antichrist can be quickly welcomed. Christians weak in their faith, weak in their beliefs, weak in their initiatives, Christians enslaved to a false Sunday religion - this is what God's people are mostly. The Eucharistic sacrifice has been suppressed, and this is a clear sign of Masonic domination over the church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ; you gave bread, and you receive stones. You must cry out, pray at all times with faith - with faith that your prayers will be answered and that the scourge will cease. You must establish spiritual communities with faith, respect and love. You must oppose evil with the power of God over His people! Freemasonry stands over humanity in the time in which you live - a time of domination, ferment, contradiction, vandalism, revenge, and you must seek protection in the Holy Trinity and in our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, and in us, your guardians. Change your ways! Do not resist conversion! Do not expect the antichrist to be a sign of Salvation, for he will even offer you eternal life, and too many will run towards him and get lost. I am announcing this to you so that you will not be surprised. Divine Love is infinite and incomparable, but you should define yourselves, you should be on the Divine way, not on the way of the world. You should be obedient to the Divine Calls, so that you overcome the bad habits in which you walked and therefore did not stand on the path of holiness. Mankind is struggling with its own mistakes, with its bad decisions, with its debauchery, and the result is disastrous. Everything has been accelerated, man is already facing greater events! Therefore, I urge you to believe, to have unshakeable faith, to repent, to have courage as children of God, to make provisions, but do not hesitate, you must keep your faith kindled - otherwise the storms will engulf you. Live in the light of noon, where the Divine sun shines at its zenith and illuminates everyone, warming everyone, where darkness does not exist, where there is only light, and where the Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth is crowned by each of you, Her children, who fulfill the Divine Will. Not forgetting that the 'Woman clothed with the sun, with the moon under her feet' is the Mother of humanity. Keep Christ the King closer to you, not forgetting that communion extends, and in you it extends in every work and deed. In union with the Will of God. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

March 27 2020 - Jesus Christ.
Beloved people! I bless you with My Sorrowful Passion. With every drop of my Blood. In every pain of my passion of love I have seen you, who are reading this my word, so that at this moment you are grateful for your life and ready to gain eternal life. I have experienced contempt, shouts, humiliation, curses, I have experienced in myself what man has no answer for, I have experienced anger, malice, I have been a being upon whom unresolved or unsatisfactory answers, disagreements and fanaticism have been unloaded. And I continued to offer my children revelations in advance, so that they would prepare themselves, especially in spirit, and embark on the path of conversion. This did not arrive, it took the coming of that which man himself created, for you to approach out of fear of illness, although without commitment, but rather out of convenience. My beloved people, here is a time that is not time, the great suffering of all mankind is approaching, so before your eyes will appear greater diseases and natural disasters, moments of fear in the face of threats from outer space, you will live in terror, this is the result of the disrespect of mankind - you disobeyed, rebelled and left me outside my Kingdom. The world news will tell you about a new viral mutation and panic will engulf the world, because you live in darkness and therefore your requests are temporary, most do not live in faith what they ask for with their mouths. You, my children, stick together, faith is the support of my people, love for my Mother captivates me and I listen to what my Mother asks of me. The devil has blindly gone against my faithful and led them to moments of doubt and trials, which I have allowed you to grow in humility and put away the armor of reason and human logic, so that I can direct it to my ways, where I want it, and that is more suitable for a person to achieve stable spirituality with greater security and greater obedience. Bend your knees, not to ask me to remove what does not serve your soul; kneel down and humbly ask my Holy Spirit for His light. The world leader will suffer amidst the agitation of his people; they will take his life, causing chaos and destruction. Those who are seen as invincible will be defeated and everything will come true; privation and famine are coming, the turmoil in my Church will not cease, and the economy hangs on a thin thread that will break when we least expect it. Pray my children, pray. Without prayer and conversion, it will be impossible for a person to regain at least some stability. Pray my children, the earth continues to shake in the midst of human suffering. Pray my children, pray for Peter's vision. You are not alone, I am with my children and my envoy will come to alleviate the suffering of my people. In the midst of unbelief, there will always be some of my faithful who will receive him and see that he is my envoy, my Angel of Peace. My Mother sustains you, she is the beacon of my light on the path of all my people. My Mother is the Mother of each of you, receive her with love! My beloved ones, my Mother will wipe away your tears, comfort you and sustain you in this time when I have been sacramentally subdued for my people. I remain in you, and the Communions you have received properly prepared, today arise in each of you, being a source of living water, for I and I alone am capable of this miracle of perpetual love. I bless you with my Love, I anoint you with my precious blood. Do not be afraid, you are not alone! Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 03 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Children of the One and Triune God, Divine Love spreads throughout creation in search of those who love Him. At the beginning of Holy Week, I encourage you to be merciful to yourselves, making a sincere and transparent review of the deeds and works of your entire life, to voluntarily rid yourselves of impurity from the human heart, and to prepare to go to Calvary, which is approaching for humanity. Our supreme King wants his children to call upon him with a contrite and humble heart, asking for God's forgiveness in order to return to the true path leading to eternal life, but not without first recognizing and repenting how you have offended the most holy Trinity, present at the same time in every human being. You must turn to the Most Holy Trinity to find the spiritual strength needed to continue without losing your way. You must take the hand of our Queen and Mother to set out with spiritual strength on the road of great battles, disasters, famine and that which destabilizes mankind, namely the collapse of the economy. As mankind, accepting what is worldly and the insinuations of the devil, you have been contaminated with the great demonic disease of pride and are unable to recognize what is not from God unless you look within yourselves, even justifying what is contrary to the gift of life. Right now, you are facing the results of your actions and living in a panic that has gripped most people. You are heading for the edge of the abyss, so I urge you immediately to return to humility, and before you cry out to Heaven to listen to you, you must repent for your transgressions and commit to complete conversion. Without conversion, a person walks among stones and thorns that make the road more painful. People of God, you will see with your own eyes the beginning of the war of arms, and not just the bacteriological war in which you live. Ah ... How God's wrath will fall on those who have brought the pain of disease to other human beings! Work for the spirit in full consciousness and inner freedom, and in this way you will see yourselves as you are, and you will be able to walk without the shackles of the human ego. You are loved by our King. This is the time when you should seek Him, so that Heaven's help will reach you and you will not fall into the clutches of evil. You will be inundated with all kinds of offers; you know very well that you are in the darkness that evil has cast over humanity. People of God, strengthen yourselves so that you will not be thrown into the fiery furnace, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth! You are not alone, live the celebration of Holy Week to the fullest, making the sacrifice of inner transformation, living each day as if it were the last, meditating on your past lives to rebuild what needs to be rebuilt in union with God's Will, and thus, in the newness of life, find the necessary support for what is to come. The earth continues to shake strongly. This scourge will intensify. Prepare yourselves, given the proximity of the Warning that all people must face. Do not spend these days in indifference...! You should review what is being presented to you, see the lies, see what the powers are hiding, see what they are plotting behind the suffering of humanity, which will fall into this disease again. People of God, do not forget the medicines that Heaven has given you to use at this time. You are protected, develop this protection, being God's children 'in spirit and in truth'. Our legions cover you, be worthy of this protection! Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 08 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I receive you into my Heart, so that in it you may all be safe. Beloved children, to remain safe does not mean to free yourself from what is coming, but to face it in peace, without despair, with faith, that being children who fulfill the Law of God and who entrust themselves to my Son, being love for your brothers and sisters, living a life of hope and love, forgiving from the heart and abiding in prayer, not only verbally, but practicing prayer and protecting your brothers and sisters, you remain obedient to God's requests, and the Divine Light illuminates your path. Beloved children, at this time you should live fully in spiritual union. Fully, with all your soul, power and senses, with hearts overflowing with love for my Son, so that He may continue to be worshiped by His people. The strength of God's people is infinite when the people live in intimacy with my Son in spirit and truth, when the people of my Son carry the treasure of Heaven, which moths will not eat or thieves will not steal, when the people walk in harmony, in faith and love, for they can kill your body, but they cannot kill your soul. Beloved, fear the one who leads your soul to perdition. Do not lose faith, do not say: 'why live when there is what is to come?' On the contrary, creatures of little faith, devote yourselves to living according to God's Will in unity and compassion to merit God's Mercy. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, how many read these revelations, but do not listen to them, do not look, do not see, their ears are plugged, because their hearts are hardened! This is the time for you to be cautious, so that Divine Love fills you in the face of so much pain experienced by humanity. Be wary of those who urge you to see this virus as something else, when you know that it came out of human hands in order to reduce the world's population. Direct your prayers to humanity - prayers born of a pure Heart; direct them to all your brothers and sisters so that they may meditate during this Holy Week, in which the passion, death and resurrection of my Son is remembered. I see so many human beings who, without knowing it, are the Simons of Cyrene of the Cross of my Son - the Simons of Cyrene for their brothers and sisters who are suffering and for whom they care with love! This is the Cross of my Son, this is what is found in the Cross of my Son: 'love, self-sacrifice, hope, surrender, faith'. To all those who are Simon of Cyrene to their brothers and sisters around the world, I say to you that the passion of our Lord Jesus Christ is active and pulsates in each of His children. Therefore, those who tried to close the people of my Son, my children, made them grow in humility, in love, in devotion, in devotion, in love, in the Will of God, and the people of my Son grew; some who did not believe, now believe - they saw miracles before their eyes and were reborn in faith. The faith of the people that does not weaken, but grows and commemorates not only the Passion of my Son, but also His resurrection - and in this resurrection are born those children who have gone down difficult paths and forgotten love. Now they turn to my Son and say to Him: 'Here I am, Lord Jesus Christ, to serve my brothers and sisters, to do Your will.' Those who have taken the devil for their God are hiding, while the people of my Son are praying and practicing God's love, praying constantly for one another. And it is in practicing love toward your brothers and sisters that the brother is the second Christ, where what was hidden, what was forgotten, awakens - love for my Son, and man blossoms into eternal life. Do not be afraid, children, do not be afraid! In the midst of pain, the love of my Son is born in His children. Therefore, the Holy Trinity has sent the legions of heaven to seal His people; this grace of God is given gradually over a period of time, until the faithful people, already purified, become one with their Lord and their God. Do not be afraid! Am I not here, I who am your Mother? I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 10 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, as defenders of humanity, with sword in hand and with my angelic legions, we are at the service of God's Will. In obedience to God's call, we stand before you; just as we watched over the path of our King and Lord Jesus Christ to Calvary, so we at this time watch over the path of His people, who are once again subjected and deprived of freedom. In this time of uncertainty in which this generation lives, I urge you to obey the Word of God; I urge you not to doubt God's infinite Mercy, which forgives you in ways beyond your imagination. Do not hesitate for a moment to repent deeply from the heart, with a firm intention to improve; come to be forgiven of your faults. During this time when you are not using the sacrament of reconciliation, experience sincere repentance from the heart - deeply, with a strong intention to improve, waiting for confession. Entrust yourselves to our King and Lord Jesus Christ, and come to our Queen and Lady of Heaven and Earth for help. Humanity is heading for great events that will shake it up, including some involving the church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. You know very well that the Catechon restrains the total manifestation of iniquity, empowered by the Holy Eucharist - the center, the power and the Eucharistic miracle descending from Heaven in every Eucharist. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ in His Body, Blood, Soul and Divinity is made present in the sacrament of the Eucharist, the Living Bread descending from Heaven. The Eucharist, the Heart of God's People, is under attack by the enemies of the Church of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, who have long fought against the Eucharist so that the mystical Body of Christ would remain unprotected. This is the moment the world elite has been waiting for to attack God's people. Beloved ones, do not despair, persist in your spiritual unions, because this inner desire to receive the Eucharistic Christ is itself shaking heaven and earth and causing the devil immeasurable suffering. In the face of the burning desire to receive the Holy Eucharist, previous Communions flourish and give relief to the soul. Do not be ready to receive a substitute for the Holy Eucharist, nor believe those who tell you to forget your guilt. This is the moment of truth - there is only one, Christ present in the Eucharistic miracle at the moment of priestly consecration, so priests must live for Christ and His people. Those consecrated to priestly ministry are being tested and will be tested even more severely. Beloved people, do not agree to negotiate the Holy Eucharist, the sacraments and the Law of God. Great trials have begun with this virus that attacks the flesh, and taking advantage of this, those who feel they own the world want to force you into apostasy and suffering, they want to tell you that you have been abandoned by the Holy Trinity and your blessed Mother. No, we have been sent to fight against what is currently attacking God's people, this virus. Beloved people of God, you have seen how easily you are attacked. Man fears the death of the body, not the soul, because of his frigidity toward the Triune God and separation from Him. You must return to God, you must be true children of God! Pray, children of God, pray for the Church. Pray, children of God, pray for the priesthood. Pray, children of God, pray for all mankind to be obedient to God's call. Pray, children of God, for the suffering of humanity, considering the serious disasters that are approaching. Do not be afraid, faith is essential, you are not and will not be abandoned. Christ prevails, Christ reigns, Christ rules forever and ever! Amen. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 14 2020 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, receive My Blessing at this time, when mankind is scourged with diseases. It is not for nothing that mankind is scourged with diseases, which My House told you beforehand, so that you would not be unprepared. Yet disease came suddenly, unannounced, and surprised mankind unprepared. I will do the same, I will come without warning, and I will ponder you in the affairs of the world, who have rejected Me and cast Me out of My Kingdom. Some will be deceived by evil, and others will persist in My ways; some will bear no fruit, and others will bear the fruit of eternal life. I called you to unite with my victory on the Cross, but you turn away from me and accept novelties that the devil suggests to you, and with which he deceives you. In the last times of this generation, rebellion will be a daily event in the world, rebellion against faith, against all that is spiritual, against hope, against love, against what is communal, fraternal and true. My name will be despised, even by my own; I will be removed from the altars, and you will be invited to forget my Mother, denying that my Mother intercedes before our Trinitarian Throne. You will find yourselves in a new church, with innovations alien to the Ten Commandments and the Sacraments, innovations that come from Freemasonry, which, combined with earthly powers, will spit abominations. So many whitewashed tombs lurk in my Church, so many wolves who no longer wear sheep's clothing, clearly distinguishing themselves from those who are faithful to me! My beloved people, I urge you urgently to abide in My Love and in all that flows from it. My beloved people, do not depart from the Gospel, do not accept false teachings that lead you to perdition, covered and reinforced by the inevitable apostasy in My Church. You have been warned of the sickness of the body and the sickness of the soul, so that you will not be deceived; you see that the forces serving Satan seek to eradicate my Church in order to spread their abominations. My people have complacently allowed themselves to be immersed in false ideologies, to embark on paths that offer you quick spiritual elevation without repentance or mystical experiences, as if I were selling them in some marketplace to the highest bidder. You do not realize that you are experiencing the revolution of the devil's infiltration in my Church, in society, in education and politics - passively, gently, gradually leading you astray through false experiences that easily take root in human beings of little faith and docile acceptance, resulting from ignorance. In front of you is the devil's dominion over humanity, that is what man has attracted to himself, and that is why it still needs to be held back a little. You know well what is holding it back! You know well who is holding it back! My people, look at yourselves truly, apostasy comes from among you, from My Church. That is why I have called you to be vigilant, strong in faith, faithful to Me, so that you do not go astray, not forgetting that My Mother is your Mother. Strengthen yourselves in faith, pray in and out of time, pray practicing my Word, be faithful. You are weakening because of illness, you are weakening in body and in spirit, my children. Where is the faith that you preach? Greater plagues and pandemics are coming, as My House has announced, but you have not had ears to hear, and now you demand the healing of your bodies. The upheavals of the earth are increasing because of its orbit, which is affected and diseased, my children, the magnetism of the earth has been changed, and you have not been informed of this. There are forces coming from space that have changed the magnetic field surrounding the earth, so the fire that remains inside the earth goes out, attracted by this external magnetic force. Be careful, my children, serious earthquakes await mankind. My people, I do not abandon you, I do not abandon you! Human consciousness will not remain the same, but will change in the direction of recognizing this beggar of love who is calling at the door of each of you. Be patient, do not despair, be love and focus on Me. My Holy Spirit ignites when my children open themselves to His action. Let no event lead you to despair, my House remains attentive to my people. I love you with an everlasting love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 19 2020 - Jesus Christ
Being in prayer, our beloved Jesus said to me: I am the God of Heaven and Earth! I love all human beings! Every sinner who keeps falling, without reducing his transgressions, causes me so much pain. I am ready to forgive every human being who approaches to confess his sins, repenting for them completely and with a great desire not to fall again. In humanity I find some of my children willing to return to my side. I am overwhelmed with love and happiness, and in the light of their repentance I see them before me just as they were the first time they appeared to me. Even at this moment, when humanity is abandoned, fearful and sick, I hear great insults uttered against me, great contempt for my Mother, and the churches have been closed to my people, oh.... What a pain! For this reason, I call upon my faithful people, I call upon everyone to testify to their love for me with their work and deeds towards their brothers and sisters, with a Heart free from resentment and bitterness caused by refusal to forgive. Who is man not to forgive? Poor are the human creatures who do not forgive - they saturate their Hearts with bitterness and fall prey to confusion and jealousy. Oh, how I suffer for those souls who do not approach me with a humble and contrite Heart in the Sacrament of Confession! And instead, they walk away from Me. I encourage you to remain in my Love, where you will find no hindrance, no judgment, no contempt, no bitterness. I encourage you to be my own Love, so that my Mercy will encounter no obstacles, and may this time when changes begin for humanity, changes in the sense of trials and disasters, be overcome by faith in my Holy Spirit, who will give you the grace of perseverance and love for me, so that you will not remain on the margins, if you are worthy of these graces, working and acting in my Divine Will. My children will drink the cup of their own sins, these are times of suffering because of the great mistakes to which this generation has been exposed. And it is the area of Santa Fe de la Vera Cruz that will be put to a great test. Pray for this city in Argentina, whose suffering will spread throughout Argentina with sorrow and great sadness. Pray, my children, for my land, where I preached and was led to die on the Cross, it will be subject to attacks. Pray, my children, for the Santa Cruz area in Brazil. It will suffer. Pray, children, that the passive war will become clear before the eyes of mankind and that man will see that another armed conflict is being created. Pray, because the act of my Mercy is close to mankind and it is necessary to persevere in faith, so that after the Warning, my angels who remain on earth can take the souls faithful to me where they are to preach and where they will be needed to encourage my faithful. Prayer is strength for my people, and the Communion of my Body and Blood is a daily anointing for those who receive me. At this time, when my churches have been closed - a sad foreshadowing of what is to come - my people must not be despairing and lost, but let them be strengthened by previous Communions and wait patiently. Then the second outpouring of my Holy Spirit will be given immediately after the Warning to my righteous and faithful to be an encouragement to their brothers and sisters. My Mercy does not forget the needs of my people, and my Holy Spirit and my holy Archangels and Angels will not leave my people alone. I love you, my people, I bless you. Do not be afraid, children! Trust in my Mercy, which is infinite! Jesus, I trust in You. Jesus, I trust in You. Jesus, I trust in You. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

April 25 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of the One and Triune God, as the prince of the heavenly armies, I come to you with a word from on high to examine you before this hour. Sounds are spreading with new diseases and new vaccines, resounding more than bells, more than trumpets, more than legions, more than weapons, more than human explanations. God's people must remain prepared, unity is essential, lest the 'wave of ideas' penetrate the human mind and divide in vain the arguments of those committed to conversion. Heaven has alerted you to see the great change in which you are living, being in bondage at this time and in the times to come. Nothing will be the same, remember that nothing will be the same for human beings, so human beings will seem to wander in the face of the new rules of global governance. The masks of those who govern will fall to the ground and they will be seen for what they are - 'the instigators of this war that will lead to armed conflict. Beloved people of God, mankind will suffer terror in the vestibule of constant mutations of the manufactured virus, until the evil that created it is exposed. Mankind is afraid because it has abandoned faith. Children of our Lord and King of Heaven and Earth, look up, the signs will not be delayed, Heaven will pour out its pain. Oh, humanity! You are suffering gradually, like those who approach the fire they have kindled with their own hands! Satan has mastered this generation, subtly blinding people's minds with personal reasons, so that mankind does not move toward love, but toward strife, jealousy, rebellion. The 'mystery of iniquity' is already prepared, and it will be defeated, but not before the great trial of apostasy takes place. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, whoever has true faith will resist and not succumb to apostasy; whoever does not have true faith will not resist. You have forgotten that 'under the protection of the Most High' you have been freed from the net of evil. This is the time of the righteous; even in suffering they will receive help; this is the time of the times, and you must consecrate yourselves to our Queen and Mother, with a true, simple and contrite Heart, and in this way the faithful will receive new strength, new fortitude, new victory, because our beloved King and Lord Jesus Christ gave His Mother the scepter of truth to separate His people from the weeds. Pray, beloved people, pray with your hearts, pray with the truth, pray with your souls, pray with your senses, pray you who have seen the nations overwhelmed by the loneliness that heralds a silenced, fearful and helpless humanity. Pray, the sickness has come. Pray, through the fraud of aid, America has become more tainted. The powerlessness of the little ones is highlighted by what lies behind the powerful, who are gradually subjugating God's children. Did you expect the war that is coming with a great roar? That's why you don't recognize the times of war; they will move from words to deeds, they will blame each other until they raise their weapons and the suffering of all mankind will ensue. I admonish those who do not recognize the signs of the times, wake up before the great heavenly body shines in the sky, which like a beast approaches the earth in broad daylight! People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, only those who have true faith will be able to feel the Divine Presence in difficult times. Repent now! Be careful, I warn you, be careful, repent! Prepare yourselves in the spirit, after the Warning the righteous will be more righteous and the saints will be more holy. Love the love of love! Honor God, the One and the Third, be part of His people. Love our Queen and Mother, take refuge in Her, the comforter of the afflicted. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 03 2020 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My Mercy is poured out upon My children. I come to offer My Love to you once again. My desire is to be welcomed by all, so that you may continue to drink from My inexhaustible source of living water. When the churches are closed, I have found homes open for prayer. What I ask of you is not in vain, but is needed in the near future for my people, working and acting according to my Will. You have begun the month dedicated to My Blessed Mother in the midst of present suffering. For this reason, I urge you to be more spiritual, given the urgent need for greater spirituality, so that faith may be strong and powerful. Accept my appeals, you must ask my Holy Spirit for the necessary discernment so that you can recognize the present signs and signals. My children must be resolute, remaining strong and recognizing that the devil tempts you with small arrows to destroy you in greater things; he leads you away from me to bring you closer to confusion, to discord and to division; do not fall into his clutches. My people, this time is very dangerous for man, you must be vigilant, evil knows you, attacks you, and you fall into its snares like infants. The devil floods your mind with his temptations, he attacks you in your thinking and makes you use your intelligence against yourself and your brothers and sisters, finally he makes you turn away from me. You must be attentive and aware that none of my children should think that evil will pass them by. No, children! He knows you and knows how to make you fall. You must keep the faith, confident that I am your God, I am the beginning and the end, the Way, the Truth and the Life. My people, the wolves are hungry and lurking for My children to shame, humiliate and scorn them; keep your discernment so that you do not choose the wrong paths, thinking that you will pass unnoticed at others. Satan and his empire have established their liberalism in the world, leading my people to absolute godlessness, failing to recognize the spirit of iniquity, which, by means of deception, confusion and lies, is already leading you to be condemned, weakening you and working in the shadows if man's faith is not strong, taking you as his tools to carry out his wickedness. How many of mine have already apostasized in faith! Rejecting the Ten Commandments, embracing that which is contrary to the Divine Law, committing immorality, living in atheism, serving ideologies and sects that are contrary to My Divinity, serving Satan without fear, belonging to the precursors of the antichrist. My people, a greater apostasy awaits you than the one I have already told you about - the great apostasy of my Church, in which the antichrist will be worshipped as the messiah, and this will be a great suffering for my children. I urge you to pray because of the confusion in which you live. I have warned you that this present disease will mutate, and you my children must take precautions at this time when those who bring misfortune upon my people are showing their power over humanity. I call upon you to make reparation and to pray over how many blasphemies people utter against my divinity, bringing great misfortunes upon the nations. I call upon you to pray for all those who have rejected the appeals of my Blessed Mother and are giving in to perdition, disregarding the call to conversion, which is not just a call to the Heart of flesh, but a call to complete transformation, so that you can live in full union with my Will 'on earth as in heaven. My people, My beloved people, how much awaits humanity! How much suffering is coming from the universe, and the earth will tremble with power! I am the voice that speaks to the abandoned Heart of man, so that you may return to me, and my Mother immerses you in her Immaculate Heart, where faith grows under her protection and where her silence makes you listen to my voice. Children of my Mother, pray and prepare yourselves for consecration to my Mother, aware of the infinite value of consecration to her Immaculate Heart, and be ready to receive the seal as my faithful, at the time when my will decrees it. Do not fear or be anxious, my people recognize me and know that I do not abandon them. My people know that they do not walk like orphans, but have a Mother who loves them; this is my Mother, whom I have given to you at the foot of my Cross of Glory and Majesty. Come to me thirsty, I will give you living water' and renew your armor for spiritual warfare. My people are faithful and true. Do not be afraid, my children, 'I am your God. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 10 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, beloved people of God, I bless you with my Heart, I bless you with my Love. Stay on the true path, on the path that leads you to eternal life. You walk slowly, step by step, letting yourselves be carried away by foolishness, not listening to my Son's and my calls, making the cross heavier for yourselves. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not deviate from the teachings of my Son. You must remain very attentive and willing to obey. My Son is guiding you along the path of God's Will, so that you can overcome the obstacles that you have created for yourselves and which prevent you from seeing the clarity to which obedience leads you. Remember that you must be able to say 'yes, yes' or 'no, no' without being lukewarm. You must stay on the right path, where there is no jealousy or reality, because these are the shackles that prevent you from seeing further where my Son wants to lead you. You must recognize your personal weaknesses, for they lead you to reject the graces with which my Son adorns souls. Children, grow in this time, do not fall into stubbornness, so that you do not have to go through the pain that forces a person to bow down to meekness. There are so many different intentions swirling around my Son's people that will make you suffer excessively, so I urge you not to forget my requests. Make reparation, pray to my Son with a sincere Heart, thirsting for God's Love. Do not forget the suffering towards which you are moving, be humble, but do not despair, be sure of Divine Protection. My Son loves you so much that He will send His beloved Angel of Peace to sustain you in moments of greatest turmoil. Pray, my children, pray. You will be surprised by 'news that will shake my Son's people,' but do not fall into discouragement, continue to follow the true magisterium of my Son's Church, to which you have been and are called. Pray, my children, the earth continues to shake. Pray for Japan, pray for California, pray for Mexico, pray for Chile. Pray, my children, pray for the United States, the fire will make times tougher. Pray, my children, pray with love and prepare for this day of May 13, not forgetting that you must consecrate yourselves to my Immaculate Heart, as if it were your last consecration. I protect, shield and release each of my children as they persevere in their efforts to be children faithful to my Son. Remain vigilant, do not neglect the spiritual path. Do not be afraid of my warnings, do not be afraid of losing your soul. Those who consecrate themselves to my Immaculate Heart and remain faithful to my Son will receive the grace of my protection. Do not be afraid! Am I not your Mother? I bless you, I love you, I cherish you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 13 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you. Advance, not forgetting that eternal joy awaits you. As the mystical body of my Son's Church, you cannot change the path on which my Son has called you, the path of God's Law. God's Law will remain in force until the end of time, and anything that adapts it to current innovations is not in accordance with God's Will. God the Father knows the destiny of everything that exists, so He would not give you the Commandments in order for man to subject them to his free will. 'Love of God above all' is not just a right for man, it is not just a command, it is the duty of every human creature to respond to the Father with the dignity that the Blessed Trinity deserves. Do you want to be an active part of my Son's people? Walk the narrow path, walk in the midst of thorns, rocks, stones, storms, persecution and other sudden changes. You need to strengthen your spirituality so that you can resist the incoming assaults and so that you do not lose faith. As the people of God, do not weaken, grow, pray, strengthening your trust in my Son and in this Mother, pray without ceasing, pray for each other, so that you will be united, as a people who do not stop. The devil weakens my children, therefore you should strengthen yourselves by practicing the Commandments, the Sacraments, the works of mercy, the Beatitudes, worshipping my Son with love, working and acting always in His likeness. Beloved children, evil is advancing with great strides, and man is becoming weaker and weaker due to the rejection of everything that means effort, reparation, inner transformation, transformation of the 'ego' to lovingly serve my Son, and not to run away from what it means to transform for the sake of your souls. The devil has entered my Son's Church, human beings don't know where to go, they don't know who to believe and who to listen to, they can't find the truth about what is happening, because they don't listen, read and value the revelations in which we enlighten you with the truth, so that you don't remain confused. The virus that is keeping humanity in tension, mired in despair, slavery, terror and away from spirituality is a man-made virus within the framework of the war that the great powers are in. It is a virus created by those who have manipulated humanity to foment contempt for God's Law, immorality and human deviation from the norm, so as to drive humanity to loneliness, discouragement, powerlessness and starvation. And when humanity joins the armed struggle, it will gladly accept the antichrist. Pray children, pray for humanity. Pray children, pray for Argentina, she will suffer, she is suffering, this nation is suffering. Pray children, pray for the Church of My Son, it is shaken. Beloved children, Communism seems to be dormant, but the world will see its awakening once it has whipped Europe. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, the earth is shaking strongly, the climate does not give peace, signs and signals will not delay. Children, faith, strength, love, fidelity and security. Do not be afraid! My Son is present, alive, pulsating, do not be afraid. Do not be afraid! This Mother is with her children. My Immaculate Heart will triumph. Holding my hand, come to my Son! I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 18 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, be one in the unity and brotherhood of the children of God. People of God, you must be holy, as Christ is holy. The blessing rests on the children of God and the children of our Queen and Mother, although every human creature, in order to merit this blessing, must work and act in the likeness of our Lord and King Jesus Christ. God's mercy spills over into all of humanity, although it flourishes in those human beings who make the effort, who strive for conversion, who repent and make amends for offenses committed against the Holy Trinity, against our Queen and Mother and against their neighbors, so that they may be worthy of God's mercy. At this time, when there is increasing confusion in the mystical body of our King, I must call on you to obedience, which is expressed in God's Law and cannot be changed. God's people must be strengthened in faith to face what is coming for the Church, and therefore for the mystical body of our King. Today's man does not know suffering, so he does not recognize it as an element of repentance, and when he suffers, he blames God. Directionless humanity has desecrated the mystery of God's Love, given to man by God in the Blessed Sacrament, before which we, the choirs of heaven, wept tears of pain over such a grave act of man. Such acts add strength to the devil and exalt him, so that the devil throws himself with all his might upon the children of our Queen and Mother, scourging them again and again, now with sickness, and then increasing the same scourge of sickness to drive man to despair, until, suffering again and again, man feels unable to survive in constant distress. I have already warned you, for the love of the One and Triune God, for the love of our Queen and for the love of you as children of God, that a battle is coming for mankind, a battle between good and evil that has become a war between powers and will erupt in the use of weapons of war and then in the deplorable use of weapons of mass destruction. Be aware of the decisive situation in which you find yourselves, it will be more and more, moving from one level to another, from one institution to another, embracing society in all its works and activities, and above all in the spirit of man to undermine his faith in God. People of God, the struggle is moving from being a battle to an expected and feared world war. Ideologies are fighting for souls, discern, children of God, discern! Do not extinguish your faith, stay alert and be vigilant, because wolves in sheep's clothing abound at this very moment. You must discern so as not to give pearls to swine. Enough of human stupidity, spiritual blindness, which only leads to betrayal and persecution of God's people from above. You must remember what happened to those in salvation history who disobeyed God and rebelled against Him. There will be no release for this generation with its heresies and profanities, you must humble yourselves and recognize that you are sinners before God. Now those who desire conversion and are prepared for it will find a path that has more freedom for conversion amidst the silence that prevails in humanity. Force in disguise has been used on mankind to silence it. Force, yes, and man does not see it! Mankind is held captive, not feeling deprived of its freedom. A new religion enters, and God's people do not see it as it is. A religion without spiritual food, in which God's people live as if they were practicing another religion. They are paving the way for 'one religion', robbing our King and Lord Jesus Christ of his scepter. Human madness is coming to the surface, with the decline of the economy, they will subject humanity to a single currency. Having neither morality nor truth.... What awaits man? God's people, signs and signals are visible, you choose. The plates forming the earth's crust are moving in an unusual way, causing major earthquakes of great magnitude. The water in the seas is rising, pay attention, people of God! Communism has entered the countries of the Americas and there is a lament, an awakening at this time. Bend your knees, pray at all times, do not give up, keep your faith alive, God's help is coming down from Heaven. Who did not believe, let him believe.... Who did not walk, let him walk.... Who stopped on the way, let him go on with strength.... This is the time - this time and no other - this is the time for you to be reconciled with the Blessed Trinity. This is the time for you to accept the hand extended before each of you, the hand of the Queen and Mother of all creation. With faith, hope, without hesitation, with prayer and the practice of prayer, with deeds, with forgiveness and assurance. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

May 23 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you with my maternal love. Evil persecutes my children, it has been so throughout the ages. The serpent has come to kidnap the children of my Son, he draws them in a thousand ways by means of their minds and thinking, in which they are very rational, through groundless questions. Man's ignorance and pride are repeated in this generation, which wants to be like God and irresponsibly dispose of life. Ambition for power separates people from God, keeping them in the affairs of Heaven one moment and in the affairs of the world the next. Thus, at all times, man is covered with leprosy, which he infects through evil acts that he thinks are good, but which his conscience tells him are not good and are contrary to God's Law. The boundary between good and evil is a step of the human ego, it is the moment when a being is drawn into darkness and enters something from which he cannot then exit. The world leader will suffer, inspiring awe and fear in all of humanity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, this generation has embraced the sacrileges of humanity, and these sacrileges are drawing purification upon all of humanity. The chaos facing mankind is not on the material level, as many of my children fear; the greatest chaos occurs when God is sidelined and those who do not belong to the true magisterium of the Church of my Son take precedence. My beloved people, there is a virus worse than the present one, and that is the lack of trust in my Divine Son; man has no respect for my Son because of his separation from Him. The worst pandemic that exists in this generation is the loss of faith, giving birth to division and persecution in my Son's people against my privileged sons and those of my Son's people who are engaged in the evangelization of God's people. Beloved ones, those who preach are muzzled, those who raise their voices are humiliated, those who preach the word of my Son and mine are terribly punished. The silence and silencing of my children guarantees the triumph of evil over those who are naive. Great darkness will hang over the people of my Son - darkness caused by volcanic eruptions, strong winds that carry away sand and earth and do not allow the sun to pass. The waters of the seas will rise without warning, and my children will suffer. Nature acts without warning, it acts with tremendous force. Diseases will multiply in various forms, and distrust between people in the world will grow until they begin to fear each other. The sun will make people afraid, and the increase in the amount of elements coming from space and reaching the earth will cause anxiety. Sin must be extinguished, first by the hand of man, and then the hand of God will act on mankind when the man of perdition rebukes sinful mankind. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you will seek the truth and will not find it, therefore you must be one with my Son at this time, you must convert so that you are not confused, you must be strong, creatures of faith and lovers of Christ in the Eucharist, trusting in help from on high. I offer you my protection and help, but for this you must seek the Kingdom of God, live in constant conversion, work and act in the likeness of my Son. What is coming will come, just as what I announced came and was not believed and so in the blink of an eye comes the plague. Take refuge under my maternal mantle; I am leading you to my Son, so that you may enjoy eternal glory. In the unity of the Most Holy Trinity. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 01 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, in the name of the armies of heaven, I come to you with the word of truth in my mouth to say: who like God? No one like God! Do not neglect the opportunity to offer prayers to our King and Lord Jesus Christ, so that the Holy Spirit may help you grow spiritually. At such a special time for humanity, ask for what you lack and obey the voice of the Holy Spirit. Great battles are being fought on the spiritual, moral and religious levels, and concepts will come to light that aim to extinguish your faith.... Do not hesitate, remain firm and be true, fearlessly show that you are Christ's, and we will come to your aid. In the Church, not all the members who make it up are the same, but in one thing they must be united, in faithfulness and love for God. What the soul is in relation to the human body, the Holy Spirit is in relation to the body of Christ, which is the Church. The Holy Spirit works in the church as does the soul in all the members of one body. Do not be alarmed at the news of the cessation of Eucharistic food, they want to deceive you in order to undermine the faith of God's people. Freemasonry will use its greatest weapon against the children of our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, for fear of being crushed by the 'Woman clothed with the sun, with the moon beneath her feet'. Continue to fulfill the duties of your state as children of God, who wear the sacraments as a shield, the blessings as footwear, the works of mercy as wings for your feet, the Commandments as a sword, and love for God and neighbor as a distinguishing feature. Pray because of the constant illnesses that will follow. Pray regarding the scourge of major earthquakes. Pray for France and Germany, they will suffer. Pray for the impact of water on the continents. Children of God and our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, the continents are moving away from each other. The sun will emit heat, affecting the earth, and those who did not believe will think of what Heaven announced, and at that moment they will shake with terror and fear. Thailand will be severely affected, shaken and flooded. Trials for humanity will not be delayed, that which afflicts man will come. The economy will stumble and collapse, and the common currency will become the premise of the reign of world order. People of God, keep your faith, this is not the time to break down, this is the time to remain faithful above all else. Man does not have the humility to seek God first and then look to himself, you should be different, shining amidst the darkness that engulfs the earth. Be constant seekers of Christ. Navigate the stormy waters in the midst of hurricanes and cyclones, aware that with our King Lord Jesus Christ you can do anything. Do not be afraid, you must focus your thoughts on our King and Lord Jesus Christ, so that your faith will not falter and you will have the grace and fullness of the Holy Spirit, the certainty of God's help. Do not be discouraged if some human beings lose their faith, raise your eyes and reach out to your Queen and Mother. Man does not understand that human things are temporary, so he neglects his soul. As your traveling companions, we will not abandon you. Pray with faith, pray with a humble heart, and you will receive blessings that will strengthen you on your journey. In the name of the Blessed Trinity. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 07 2020 - Mother of God.
As daughter of God the Father, Mother of God the Son, Temple and Tabernacle of the Holy Spirit, in union with the feast of this day, when we celebrate the great solemnity of the Most Holy Trinity, I invoke the mercy of God over all mankind. The ineffable mystery of the Holy Trinity is celebrated in Heaven, so I call upon you to celebrate it on earth. In the unity of the Most Holy Trinity. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, people of my Son, abide in prayer, the prayer of vigilance, the prayer of unity, so that your faith does not falter. My announcements have not been in vain, the people of my Son should accept my calls to conversion and unity, so that you, as the mystical body of my Son, will not succumb to the evil that persecutes you in great mystery, without you feeling it. The aridity in the hearts of my children is spreading, reaching the most suspicious and the most educated, the most impulsive and the most reserved. Evil is advancing by leaps and bounds towards those who remain in the affairs of this world. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you have come under the influence of the winds that have penetrated the Church of my Son, causing many of my children to depart from the Faith. The devil has come to attack those human beings who remain unrepentant, devoid of the Love of my Son and love for their neighbor, filling their human egos with personal satisfactions without spiritual value. Beloved people of my Son, the spiritually blind are leading my children towards false doctrines, in which faith is buried and confusion is spread, causing my children to fall into evil, this is the time when the indecisive fall into the clutches of the devil. Beloved people of my Son, the universe is in chaos, the forces in the universe have accelerated, causing meteors, meteorites and asteroids to approach the earth, and changing the movement of various planets. Remember that human beings have triggered what is happening by moving away and rejecting the divine hand, causing large tracts of land to slide; the water in the seas and rivers is moving unexpectedly, and my children will suffer greatly. Do not forget that the climate is constantly changing; while science calls it climate change, I, as Mother, explain to you that it is the result of evil works and human actions. It is not pleasing to the holy eyes of the Holy Trinity to see how much evil remains on earth, forming part of man's spiritual vacuum, thus triggering the constant appearance of shocking phenomena that have never happened on earth before. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, persevere, be attentive, do not disregard my Words; meditate and pray with strength. This is a time when my children should not be afraid. The Great Warning will bring blessing to souls who remain in the true magisterium of my Son's Church. As for those who accept innovation and modernism as part of their spiritual life, some will repent, but others will rebel against the Blessed Trinity and against this Mother, and humanity will begin an uncontrollable persecution of my Son's faithful. In the face of such a scenario, I do not want you to begin to panic, but to be human beings who are confident of Divine and My protection. Pray, my children, pray for the United States, the hands of the people have been raised against the people. Pray for Argentina, it will be plunged into pain. Pray for the volcano that is becoming active in Mexico. Pray for each other. I bless you all and hold you in My Immaculate Heart. Do not be afraid! Am I not your Mother? Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 13 2020 - Jesus Christ
Beloved people, continue on the path of conversion. Remain in my Love, peace and harmony, considering the confusion facing this generation. Truly testify to My teachings and allow the gifts and virtues that My Holy Spirit has poured out upon each of you to be revealed. My people, you must do my Will, obey Divine Law in every moment of your life, and you must refuse to go where your life on earth is facilitated, but where you are led to work and act outside of my teachings. Children, this time in which you live is difficult, it is a trial for all who are Mine, you are constantly tempted by the devil who prowls in search of prey, because humanity is devoid of love and respect for Me, devoid of faithfulness and understanding, which means that 'I Am' rejected, and therefore My Holy Spirit cannot be fully poured out on all Mine. I come in search of my holy remnant, my remnant Church, into which I will pour all of my love, so that you can abide without hesitation in moments of great tribulation, which at the same time are moments of victory. My beloved ones, they have set you on the path that you are to follow as a result of misused teachings, flooding you with limitations coming from the established world order, which will continue to spread more pain and control over humanity in order to separate you, to make you more susceptible. You should be aware of the spiritual and mental battle you are in, and those who are far from me are those who are most under siege. Social chaos will spread like a plague from country to country due to the agitation of people whose work and activities have been restricted, this is the work of the enemy of man. The time has come, my people! You are like 'sheep in the midst of wolves, so be prudent as serpents and innocent as doves, but this should not worry you, for my Holy Spirit will help you to persevere to the end; entrust yourselves to me, and 'I will speak for you. Do not be afraid! Although my Word will be despised and the sacraments mocked, do not distance yourselves from me, remain faithful. My people, I remain with you, I am present, real and true in My Body, Soul and Divinity in the Eucharist! Do not forget that I am faithful to my people! Pray, my children, pray. Great nations will rise up in internal spiritual conflict. My people will be persecuted. Pray, my children, pray. The imposition of humanity will pit people against people, until suddenly there will be war. Pray, my children, pray. The magnetic pole of the earth is shifting towards Russia, this is not a coincidence, but a sign for man to wake up ... Russia will invade the world and make it suffer. My dear friends, you will see great phenomena in nature, do not be afraid, keep the faith, be careful and help each other. Humanity will suffer famine due to the world economic crisis. Pray, do not falter in faith, be authentic, be My people in spirit and in truth. My Mother protects you, abide with Her, do not separate yourselves from My Mother. Pray and make reparation. Pray. I bless you, persevere in conversion. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 20 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, you are children of God the Father, greatly beloved by Him. The Word of God is infallible, so mankind continues on its way towards every Word that has come from the Mouth of God. You are a people walking in the midst of the adversity of this time to which humanity has been brought. The transformation you are experiencing was never foreseen by man of this age. Our Queen and Mother warned you that the great enemies of God would make themselves felt by all mankind, but this generation did not believe. Those who were believers in the past and have now departed from the faith are part of the disastrous condition of mankind, which has so often been called upon to repent and yet has not obeyed, just as it did not obey in Sodom and Gomorrah. I have come again to ask You for conversion in the face of hardened Hearts that have not softened. I have come to those Hearts of stone that do not allow the word coming from above to touch them, to sensitize them. The word sacrifice has been eliminated, replaced by the word indifference - a word that resonates with people who conform to what the majority wants, without analyzing the consequences for souls of contempt for God's Will. The aroma of the Sacrum, reverence for the Sacred, respect for the Sacred have been lost in the churches, just as some dedicated to our King and Lord Jesus Christ have gone astray, becoming worldly and indulging in vainglory. Mankind is punishing itself, passing judgment on itself and bringing upon itself grave and great misfortunes as a result of its contempt for our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ, present, real and true in the blessed Sacrament of the Altar. The Divine Word of the Holy Scriptures is profaned, the Commandments of the Divine Law are easily forgotten and very easily falsified. The result is the suffering of mankind. Beloved in the One and Triune God, the House of God is being desecrated and this does not stop; God's faithful children do not know where to go. God's people are in Gethsemane, in the long night with their Lord and King Jesus Christ - afflicted, wounded and hungry. They know they are heading for an even more difficult and tumultuous time, when confrontations will occur within the divided mystical body of Christ, and apostasy will gain ground. People of God, the virus that holds humanity in suspense has emerged as a prelude to the great trial that will affect all of humanity, the unraveling of the shame of this generation that mourns those who suffer, those who die because of this virus, but ignores the innocent who are constantly sacrificed through abortion. This virus is not just another virus, it is not a psychological disorder, this virus is causing the death of people in greater numbers than you are told, because it has become one more means by which the devil can deform and disinform humanity. In a few days, large hospitals have been built with a different purpose than what was seen at the time; they will soon be used. The virus is spreading across the earth, surprising the world; humanity will suffer famine, impoverished nations will plunge into conflict. The Father's House has warned you about one of the goals of the world order, the reduction of the global population, but you let this go unnoticed. Another virus is coming that will destroy people blindly, so don't forget that you must be prepared, without rejecting what leads you to our King and Lord Jesus Christ, use the sacramentals! Trust in our Queen and Mother, pray with your actions to testify to her maternal love; pray the Holy Rosary and pray with your works and deeds. Evil is manifest in the world; do not underestimate this call that I bring to you. It is an urgent call; the demonic hosts cling to those who receive them, renouncing God. The coming moments are moments of great suffering for humanity, even more so for those who have rejected the faith. I warn you against the devil's scourging of humanity. Pray, children of God, pray. The earth will be strongly shaken. Pray, children of God, pray. The violence of man will increase. Children of God, from the beginning of your day you should worship God, the One and Triune, in unity with the hosts of angels. Man is being tested to the depths, and people of faith are being helped in the midst of the Tribulation in this period before the Great Warning. God is allowing His revelations to be fulfilled in ways that man does not expect or cannot predict, as you have been experiencing recently in the church. Do not be afraid, hold on to the certainty that you are children of God, children of our Queen and Mother, children of Divine Love. Do not be afraid of the truth that I bring to you from Heaven, that you may know God's faithfulness to His people. Do not be afraid, you have been forewarned. Remain faithful to God and His Commandments, and the rest will be given to you. Be true children of God. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

June 25 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I love you with maternal love, I lead you towards my Son. Even if you disregard my entreaties, I will continue to call on you tirelessly. The people of my Son have neglected unity with the Most Holy Trinity, leaving in a tizzy. They have lost the holy fear of God, and without a contrite and humbled spirit they are sinking deeper and deeper into the things of this world. Children, it is not pleasant for you when I mention the holy fear of God. Mankind only wants to hear 'God is Love' to cover the most heinous sins, forgetting that you will come to love sin and despise God's Law. As a Mother, I am not talking to you about irrational fear of God, but about faithfulness to God's Law and renunciation of what is not of God. You are experiencing severe suffering, which has been foreseen and which is coming up against humanity and the universe itself, but my Son will never abandon His people, nor will this Mother abandon you. My Son's people are confused and alone. My favorite sons have departed from their ministry, and my Son's people are afflicted, 'like sheep without a shepherd'; their hope has weakened, and other children are in need of reconciliation, given the weight of their guilt. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, remember that the innocent will never perish and the righteous will not be uprooted; keep the faith as children of God. Do not lose heart in expectation; keep the true faith alive. My Son desires that His people be united, so that evil does not separate you from Him, therefore it is necessary that you abide in the true magisterium of the Church. Children of my Immaculate Heart, grave changes have reached you, and they are proceeding without interruption; all of you, without wishing it, are facing these changes. In the same way, a part of the universe is under the influence of an extraordinary movement of a celestial body of great dimensions, which is moving, magnetizing everything in its path, changing the normal movement of some planets and the earth itself, as a result of which earthquakes are increasing. Pray my children, pray for the United States, Mexico, Chile and Central America, they will suffer, their land will be badly shaken. Pray my children, pray for Europe, Italy and Iceland, their land will be shaken. Pray my children, be careful, the virus has not disappeared, use the oil of the good Samaritan to prevent contagion, always accompanied by faith. Pray my children, pray for Argentina, she is suffering. Her lament will be heavy. Pray my children, humanity suffers from spiritual hunger, it suffers from lack of food, the economy has become weak. People of my Son increase your prayer in spirit and in truth. Pray, do not stop, evangelize, love your neighbor, forgive, be humble, welcome the needy, serve one another. Remain alert in spirit, draw near to my Son, do not abandon Him, He does not abandon you. Be warned, children, be vigilant, the earthquakes will not cease. Protect one another, intercede for one another, prepare yourselves, do not lose faith. Man has cultivated evil, make reparation, offer yourselves, fast. Children of my Immaculate Heart, I protect you, seek my Son in season and out of season, do not cease. Children, be like my Son: 'whoever wants to be first must be the last of all and the servant of all'. People of my Son, do not wait for conversion, seek it, be humble and meek. I bless you, my children, this Mother of yours protects you - convert, conversion is necessary. Do not be afraid! Am I not your Mother? Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 02 2020 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my people live and pulsate in my Cross of Glory and Majesty, every child of mine is part of my Cross of love, every child of mine who strives for conversion moves my Mercy. My People abide firmly in Me, live in Me, enter into holiness in Me. My people, I call you tirelessly, and so do you tirelessly disobey Me and continue to insult Me. You despise My Word, not knowing Me, you are spiritually blind, refusing to look with new eyes, forgetting that 'not by bread alone does man live, but by every word that comes from the mouth of God.' My children have taken the wrong path, choosing to go where I warned them not to lose their way; their love for worldly things has grown, and they despise our Most Holy Trinity and My Most Holy Mother. My people, you will find no greater Advocate than my Mother; in her womb I received life, and Satan will not be able to triumph over my Mother. You have forgotten that Satan exists and that he rises up against man to deceive him and lead him into eternal fire. At this time 'now' it is necessary for my people to be united with my most holy Mother, with her holiness, with her purity, with her humility; the humility that led her to exaltation in heaven. 'She who had nothing, possesses everything. My Immaculate Mother was received into Heaven with body and soul, because of which Satan began a fierce battle against My Mother and against each of you, Her children. Satan's relentless battle is intensifying at this decisive moment. You have forgotten that the infernal dragon is mobilizing his power, causing wars, confusion, discord, division, apostasy in my Church. The signs do not delay, and you ignore them. You are far from understanding the reality of this generation, instigated by the evil one, with controversies in all areas of life, constantly changing the world through conspiracies, persecution, famine and uncertainty. You cannot find peace, and you will not find it if you do not come close to me. If you do not repent, evil will continue to spread spiritual plagues, as well as past plagues that have afflicted mankind, which is partly affected by grief and partly by unbelief regarding this current plague. My people, not only calamities will come upon you, but also the glory of my Mother to help you. Therefore, lovingly accept the prayer of the Holy Rosary, praying it and putting it into practice in every act and work of your life. You are hanging by a thread and being unreasonable, evil is tipping the scales on its side, and yet you persist, not seeing the pain you are heading for. My people do not see the discord that exists in my House, the discord that divides my shepherds and my people. That is why my Church is confused at this time. Pray, my children, pray, the earth is shaking and roaring with great force. Pray for the United States, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Central America, especially Guatemala. Pray, my children, volcanoes are activating tectonic faults, sleeping volcanoes are waking up. Pray, my children, pray, be strong for my Church! Pray my children, the elements will make you suffer. My children, repent, draw near to me, do not despise the glory of my Mother. It is necessary that my Mother be recognized as the Mother of mankind, Co-redemptrix and Mediatrix of All Graces. Evil will flee as soon as my Mother is recognized by her children in all her magnificence! Do not be afraid, my children, do not be afraid, you are accompanied by my Mother, you are not alone. Do not be afraid, children! I am your God, I will not abandon you. Put your faith in me. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 11 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my children beat in my Heart. I cherish them and do not want them to turn away from my Son. This generation is experiencing difficult times that you have brought upon yourselves, working and acting outside of God's Will, but God's plans are being fulfilled for the good of souls, not forgetting that prayer made with a contrite and humbled Heart is always heard, and it is this prayer that manages to mitigate the force of what this generation is experiencing and will experience by God's decree. My children, I see that so many are constantly repeating words while their mind is far from those words they intend to pray. It is urgent that you pray with your Heart, powers and senses - conscious and active prayer for the sake of your brothers and sisters. I do not want you to break down during this time, proceed under the protection of my Son - you are living in the countdown to your meeting with what I have foretold for mankind. Repent at every moment of your life - repent and make amends for the sins you have committed! It is important for you to remain calm, given the proximity of the Warning, during which you will find that you are examining yourself deeply within yourself, and no sin, no transgression committed can pass without examination. For some it will be like a mere breath, for others it will be a real ordeal from which they will feel they cannot escape, for some it will be their reunion with my beloved Son, repenting for the transgressions they have committed. For others, the sight of the evil in which they have been living will be unbearable and they will feel that they are dying, not dying, because of this they will rise up against my Son's people along with the hordes of evil. This Act of Divine Mercy for souls cannot come without your repeated self-examination, children of my Immaculate Heart. Do not stop, confess the sins you have committed and sin no more. My Son's Church is besieged by evil, which introduces divisions everywhere, spreading the venom of the ancient serpent in my Son's Church so that souls perish. For years you have been exhorted to prepare yourselves for every trial you go through, as well as for those that are to come for all mankind. The purification of my Son's people will continue and deepen as the months pass, until the end of this year and into next year, when the sufferings of my Son's mystical body will increase. Children of my Immaculate Heart, do not forget that you urgently need to strengthen your faith, grow spiritually, pray and deepen your knowledge of the work of my Son, do not succumb to Pharisees or whitewashed tombs, hold fast to the faith without retreating. My Son shares His chalice with you, so that you may say with Him, 'Not My Will, but Yours be done.' I call you to conversion, so that you do not lose your faith and do not lose eternal life. My Son grieves over the number of souls who are going towards the abyss, covered by pride, disobedience and lack of humility. Children of my Immaculate Heart, I encourage you to pray, the Church of my Son is suffering, and you, like sheep without a shepherd, are lost. Children of my Immaculate Heart, I encourage you to pray, the earth will be shaken by the magnetic force of the heavenly body. Children of my Immaculate Heart, I encourage you to pray with your hearts, meditating on Divine Love for you, meditating on my Love for each of you who are loved by the Most Holy Trinity. Do not be afraid, children, do not be afraid, be a refuge for those who do not know where to go, testify to the love of my Son, fulfill the requests of my Son, find strength in the Gospel, in the Body and Blood of my Son, receiving Him properly prepared. Do not be afraid, my children, you will see a great miracle; you will see the result of faith fulfilled at San Sebastin de Garibaldi, shared with my shrine at Fatima, with my shrine at Guadalupe in Mexico, in Zaragoza in my shrine at the Basilica del Pilar and in those places where I have made myself present and where I indeed continue to make myself present on earth. I asked my Son to bless souls all over the world, because it will be a great miracle that people will convert. My children will want to go to these shrines, even if it is difficult for them. Those who will see it [the great miracle] and those who will experience it worthily within themselves will know that God protects them, and fear will leave these my children. Cover yourselves with the dearest blood of my Son and prepare to consecrate yourselves to my Immaculate Heart in the month dedicated to the Holy Rosary, October. Do not be afraid, my children! Be faithful disciples of my Son, His holy remnant. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 18 2020 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I constantly protect you, shield you under my merciful gaze. You pray, asking me for protection, help and shelter, having no faith, walking in fear of everything except offending me. This generation, left to itself, without love and mercy, without truth and hope, lives in pride and falsehood, weaving its future from its own rags. Children, you are not listening to me. I desire to have a faithful and true people who are not empty inside, although they seem full. You must return with a contrite Heart to the path that leads to Me, wanting to be truly My people that I love, that is faithful and true in My likeness. Humanity, where are you going without Me? My people, in the face of what is to come, you must know Me in order to love Me and thus be more of the spirit than of the flesh. The forms of human security feed you neither wisdom nor truth, they cause you to be ruled by your 'ego', and it judges according to its own criteria. My people must be prepared for the spiritual conflict in which you live, you must not be distracted even for a moment, the insidious serpent, Satan, tempts you constantly to fall and get lost because of the confusion and uncertainty in which humanity has found itself. My beloved people, the waters of the seas will be violently stirred up, just as evil stirs you up, darkens your minds and hardens your hearts. You will experience grave events, the earth is moving in an unusual way and will shake, attracted by the force of the heavenly body that is approaching. Do not depart from the light that faith gives you.... You are my children, those whom I have called to prepare, to strengthen, to know my Love, so that, without deviating from my path, you may continue to grow in my Will. Unbelief pulls my children away just as a mud avalanche pulls away everything in its path. You have become hardened and have renounced my Will, steering your human will toward confusion, doubt and spiritual dryness. I hear my children repeating phrases and prayers by heart. I am thirsty for the souls of constant prayer in their works and deeds in my likeness, being active and living witnesses of my Commandments, my Love, without which you will not achieve complete union with my Will. At this time, my people must be aware that in order to come closer to me, they must come without disputes among brothers, but with my Sacred Heart and the Immaculate Heart of my Mother in their words, thoughts, mind, heart, ears, hands, feet - 'I am the neighbor, and the neighbor is the mirror of each of my children.' This is how you prepare to enter My path. Pray, my children, pray with your Hearts, powers and senses. Pray, my children, pray for Taiwan, for it is suffering greatly. Pray my children, pray for Nepal, its people will suffer. Pray my children, pray for Central America, it will be shaken. Children, this is not a fleeting moment, you are living in a time of great suffering for humanity. Plagues, pestilences and pandemics that infect not only the body but also the spirit will not stop. Therefore, more than at any other time. It is necessary for my people to live in unity, to be spiritually vigilant and not separated from my Mother, praying the Holy Rosary with total devotion and prepared in spirit, in the law of love. My legions go where the Holy Rosary is prayed devoutly. Keep peace in your hearts, and your spirit will taste My peace. Do not be afraid, children! Come to me! My people, I will not abandon you, I remain in my children. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 24 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, you are children of the Most Holy Trinity; honor and glory to the Father, Son and Holy Spirit, for ever and ever, Amen. Beloved in God, seek Him earnestly, so that your hearts may find contentment in the midst of afflictions. This is a time of unity and perseverance for God's people, when constancy makes the difference between the 'before' and 'after' of God's children. God's people proceed without being understood, called foolish and crazy for persisting in the certainty of God's answer. Mankind will not understand you; you will be persecuted, harassed, slandered and contaminated to bring you down. Do not falter, children of God, the power of prayer is the sustenance of God's people - prayer in every work and action, prayer with the heart. Do not act like hypocrites in order to be visible. Abide in constant prayer, be strong, stand firm. God's people are scattered, do not hold firmly and unwaveringly to the faith, enter into disputes among themselves, causing mischief. The devil is wounded and seeks souls to take to hell, triumphing in the eyes of his followers when you are careless and come to work and act like the Pharisees. Under the guise of good intentions, you spread spiritual blindness among your brothers and sisters, and fall into controversy. People of God, the devil, having infiltrated the Church of Our King, induces you to work and act within the framework of what is evil. Children of God, the devil sees strong souls, he knows them, he knows their weaknesses, and before they can act on behalf of their brothers and sisters in moments of great suffering to come, he makes them fall emotionally to distract and weaken them. The devil knows that 'emotional' people fall easily into his clutches; he causes them to be lukewarm and without noticing it, they become convinced that they are doing evil with each passing moment. Be beings of unshakable faith, do not separate yourselves from God - protect each other and do not succumb to the temptations of the devil's wiles. Strong faith is necessary at this time, when the battle between light and darkness is very fierce. As God's people, you are in a prophesied moment, in the fulfillment of the revelations that have been announced by our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth, so that you can prepare yourselves, understanding the seriousness of what is coming because of the pride of man. Children of God, the trials will continue, other plagues are in progress. People are becoming inflamed with confinement, hunger will appear and loneliness will increase, disease, persecution, threats, slander and injustice will increase. Children of God, do not lose heart, hold on to the assurance of Divine Protection for those who keep the Divine Law and love their neighbor as themselves. Pray, pray with your heart. People of God, walk securely, clinging to the hand of our Queen and Mother; do not separate yourself from her, lest you be deceived; pray with your Heart, and together with our Queen and Mother you will resist the snares of Satan. Without God as the center of your life, man will not be able to resist. You must take one step at a time, do not live in a hurry. Pray and make reparations for the Salvation of souls. Pray, people of God, the earth will shake greatly. Pray, people of God, the light of the Divine Spirit will enlighten you and you will see the good you have done, the good you have stopped doing, the evil you have committed, what you have corrected and what you have not corrected. You will see yourself in front of the mirror of your own conscience. You are children loved by your Father. Repent before night falls! Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

July 30 2020 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I hold you in My Sacred Heart. As a people who seek to stay on My path, remember that 'My Kingdom is not of this world'. If you seek Me according to human logic, you will not find Me and you will be confused. I reveal Myself in that which is incomprehensible to the world. I have come to transform souls, to seek what the world despises, to find the precious stone and make it a light for your brothers and sisters. Children, if you seek Me on the superficial level that you see with human eyes, you will not find Me. You will find Me hidden in the souls of humble and simple hearts, not in those who claim to possess absolute truth. Wake up! They will want to confuse you with the upcoming events. What will happen to my children if they allow themselves to be disturbed? I urge you to be firm, convinced and converted, so that you do not falter at this time, when evil whispers in the ears of my faithful to deviate from my path, to act and work outside the First Commandment and break the rest of the Decalogue. Do not falter in your faith, keep your inner peace, not casting the first stone - stand firm, looking within yourself, where I am. They are trying to distract you, the churches are closed, the empty seats and solitude in My Church are a foretaste of what is to come, the elimination of the Eucharistic mystery. I urge you to pay attention to the progress of communism; it does not sleep, but advances in unity with those who at this moment are planning the enslavement of humanity, seeking global chaos under the guise of famine. Pray, my children, pray, what comes out of my Church will confuse my own Church, remain faithful to the magisterium of my true Church. Pray, my children, pray, the shadow of death will reach the womb of my Church. Pray my children, the earth will shake with force, with great force. My Mother, as the teacher of my children, constantly calls you to 'love me in spirit and in truth.' I remain present in every person, in those who work for my Kingdom, in whom I am well pleased'. Do not be afraid, no matter how serious the times may be. I will send my angelic legions to protect those who are mine, keep the peace. Pray the Holy Rosary to my Mother, pray to Saint Michael the Archangel. Receive me in complete peace with pure hearts. Do not be afraid! I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 02 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive my love. Do not be afraid, children, be one with my Son. Finding yourselves in these serious times of change for all of humanity, I have called you to look within yourselves to make the decision to prepare for conversion so that you do not renounce my Son. Humanity is in a time of awakening of conscience, looking into yourself in the intimacy of your inner self and taking the path of goodness before those who rule over humanity become your masters. Time is moving toward the imposition of a single power that will rule over humanity, and without the reaction of my children they will find themselves in the hands of others. Remain united in prayer, I have warned you to return to the true path at this time when an erroneous teaching is being spread throughout the earth with the goal of mentally controlling you. Beloved children, persevere in prayer, do not rashly choose paths that draw you away from the good, be careful, do not rush on the spiritual path - you should go slowly, surely and deliberately, so that you do not fall. Pray, prostrate yourselves for those who have transgressed the boundaries of sin, giving themselves over to the devil and worshipping him through profanations and heresies against my Divine Son present in the holy Eucharist, in the blessed sacrament of the altar, committing offenses against everything that reminds them of the Father's house. Pray and make reparation, people of my Son, make reparation. The scales have tipped on the side of the earth, and humanity has not taken seriously what is happening. The measure of sin has increased, just as the scourge of nature is increasing on the earth, which is being purified, and with it my children. Therefore, be love for your brothers and sisters, the love of my Son should be recognized in my true children. Only in this way will the people of my Son attract God's Mercy, and in the end the pain of this generation, in which will be accomplished what my Divine Son and this Mother whom we have revealed, will remind you of these appeals. Pray my children, pray that love will not be extinguished in humanity. Pray, my children, pray, for Communism has advanced, leaving Rome in agony. Pray, my children, pray, do not lose faith, but do not let even one moment pass without being the very love of my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, be the love of my Son, he is the barrier against evil. Advance on the spiritual path with God's love, so that faith may grow in you and you may be a witness of devotion to your brothers and sisters. People of my Son, be the hope of a glorious dawn, where the blood of my Divine Son will make the oppressors yield. Be merciful to all, making no distinction. Be merciful wherever you are, wherever you go, until my children are all in the Divine Heart of my Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, do not be afraid, I will not abandon you, I stand before you. I bless you, I love you, I cover you with my mantle. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 10 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, in the unity of holy Hearts, cry out with one voice: who is like God? There is no one like God! The people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ have been brought into this quagmire, which exudes pain, hunger, bondage, spiritual barrenness for some, uncertainty and discontent, which will not end peacefully in these times of manipulation to which humanity is subjected. This generation, sick in spirit, does not recognize the cause, the origin of the suffering in which it lives; it refuses to heal, hence discord is wreaking havoc in the nation of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Children of God, you look as far as the eye can see, but you do not look spiritually, but only humanly. You judge everything you encounter, being judges who are sick of the religious pride and hypocrisy of the Pharisees. You question the Divine Will, not seeing the Divine Plan, Satan grasps at this to divide and confuse you. Prayer with the heart is essential, fasting is necessary, reparation for sins committed is urgent, repent! Repent before the leprosy, of which some people are carriers, infects you. The suffering of the human race has not ceased, but is intensifying as you approach the end of the present time and enter a new calendar full of purifications. I am not talking to you about the end of the world, but about the purification of this generation, which considered everything holy as devilish and accepted Satan as its God. A sea of calamities is to be poured upon this generation. Cataclysms for some will be the cause of conversion, while for others they will be the cause of alienation from that which reminds them of divinity. The spiritually blind will perish in their own pride, and seeing the moon tinged red as never before, the wolves in sheep's clothing will hide in their lairs. Just as evil works, so good multiplies throughout the earth, and prayers born of Hearts that love goodness spread throughout creation and are multiplied to infinity, touching Hearts that repent, hence the meaning of 'prayer born of the Heart'. Pray, people of God, pray, asking for the healing of those who are sick in their souls. Pray, people of God, the earth continues to shake strongly, wreaking havoc and bringing about the fulfillment of what you previously received in the form of prophecies. Pray, people of God, the evil that has invaded the church of God is doing damage to the mystical body. Who like God! No one like God! Therefore, do not be afraid, even if evil lurks, even if disasters afflict nations, even if diseases persist, do not be afraid. In the service of the Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother, the legions of heaven rush to the call of God's children. Do not serve evil, serve good. Devote yourselves to the Sacred Heart. Seek the good. I protect you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 14 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, in divine love, love our Queen and Mother.... As the commander of the armies of heaven, she protects the people of God, whom she inherited at the foot of the cross of her divine Son, from evil. At the moment of the passage of our Queen and Mother to Heaven in body and soul - a sublime moment, at which the apostles were present, informed by the angels of God and the inspiration of the Divine Spirit. They were received by Peter because of such a great miracle of God's Love. It was a painful moment for the apostles, who received from their Mother the pure love that her Son filled them with, who was also the apostles' protector and their consolation on earth. I urge you to follow this special example of the Queen so exalted, perfect in love and in holiness. I urge you to imitate your Queen and Mother, remaining constant at all times, not allowing yourselves to act or work outside the Will of God. She lived her life feeding on humility and love, therefore, if you, her children, wish to ask for her graces, you must remain perfectly and necessarily balanced to truly testify as children of this holy Mother. As human beings, you live in the past, attached to the past, not allowing yourselves to be liberated, realizing that in order to liberate yourselves and soar again, you must repent from the Heart for everything that torments you. If you are tormented by something, it is because in this you bear your part of the responsibility, so repentance is necessary so that you can begin a new journey. Then you will be freed from the ties that have sometimes led you down the wrong paths or into mistakes for which you are responsible. You should see yourselves as you are, children of God, with your blessings and imperfections, and not blame your brothers and sisters for the mistakes and stumbles in your life. On the contrary, you must accept your responsibilities and your new life seriously and with decision. People of God, the time has come for active and immediate spiritual preparation.... It is time for everyone to make a decision and take responsibility, whether they are making spiritual progress or have come to a standstill. Follow your Queen and Mother to accept the vicissitudes of life with holy patience, and not only pray, but also love and make sacrifices as reparation for your sins and those of the whole world. Since she is our and your Queen and Mother, the Mother of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, no human creature can hurt her, and in her holiness, the response of this Mother is to love all the more those who do not love and accept her as Mother. Take advantage of this day on which 'your Queen and Mother was taken into Heaven with body and soul' to consecrate yourselves to the Sacred Hearts and thus, as loving children worthy of these sublime Hearts, receive the blessings, graces and virtues that come from them for those who are devoted to them, imitating those divine treasures that dwell in their Hearts. Ask for the grace of forgiveness toward your brothers and sisters. Ask for the grace to be truthful. Ask for the grace to recognize your flaws and spiritual obstacles. Ask for the grace of not being arrogant and acting on impulse, as many human beings will suffer severely because of this obstacle. Ask to be lovers of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and the Queen so exalted, so that, guarded by them, you will be worthy of angelic protection in the coming moments of suffering for humanity. Be truthful, merciful, humble and reject pride, for from it evil is born. Do not fear, people of God, we as countless angels protect you - be true children of the Sacred Hearts. Live in unity, being love, so that by this special grace souls may shine brightly in these times when love must be the banner of the children of your Mother, holy and beautiful. Who is like God! There is no one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 19 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, receive God's peace, essential for every human being. At a time when the fury of humanity is rising in most of the world, and people are attacking their brothers and sisters, and when peace will be longed for and awaited, because discord has been implanted in the earth, ask yourselves: at which moment of the Apocalypse are you? When you see those who once attended daily Mass and received the Eucharist.... When you see those who prayed at all times and places, those who left no doubt about their religious devotion.... When you see those who dressed with evident modesty, going underground for fear of persecution and denying our King and Lord Jesus Christ as 'their Lord and their God' in order to save their lives.... Be assured that persecution will not diminish, but will instead be intensified against the true people of our Lord and King Jesus Christ. In remote places, in the crypts of ancient churches, in improvised places, perhaps the most unlikely, you will come to hear Mass and receive Christ present in the Holy Eucharist from the hands of faithful priests, adorers of the Eucharistic Christ, who love our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth. For there will be a clear and definite division between those who remain attached to the true magisterium of the church of our Lord and King Jesus Christ and those who live in the church like the Pharisees, already being persecutors of the faithful people. People of God, do not act like the Pharisees, act like children who are faithful to our King and Lord Jesus Christ, repenting before the purification coming soon from Heaven to earth and the inevitable sequence of events that have already been foretold to you, to pray, offering fasting and sacrifice, to help the needy and desperate, offering the bread of witness to live in the Will of God. Man has free will, which he should use to worship, work and act as a true child of God, be humble, not arrogant or proud. The haughty will stop on the road. Pray at all times; great upheavals are coming, time is no longer time, it is 'now!' This was both expected and feared. Without stopping along with those who want to lose you, continue on the path indicated, without deviating from it, without forgetting that the devil prowls like a roaring lion in search of souls he can devour. Be careful in your work and actions, do not be deceived by those who are wrong. Be careful, you are God's people, not children of evil. The Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ will suffer excessively. Mistakes will cause the loss of faith, which is why unshakable faith is so necessary - faith in the presence of our King and Lord Jesus Christ in each of His children. Pray, children of God, pray for the conversion of all. Pray, children of God, pray that you will continue to be faithful. Pray, pray for the countries that will suffer in the expected and unwanted upheavals. Pray, pray for those who, dominated by pride, will cause their brothers and sisters to go astray. Pray for those who suffer from hunger and those who endure oppression, for truth among the rulers on earth. Beloved people of God, the coming time will be a time of deception, do not go astray. Therefore, it is very important that you pray with your hearts, that you prepare for the Great Warning and that you are at peace. Pray for Chile and for Colombia. The designs of evil will not cease. In the end, the Immaculate Heart of our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth will triumph and evil will not touch man. People of God, do not stop! These are times for you to remain vigilant. Do not forget that a Warning is coming that will strike man like lightning. Who like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

August 25 2020 - Jesus Christ
Beloved of my people, I gaze upon you, not overlooking any action or work of my people, whom I love. Humanity is moving forward without recognizing the signs and signals of this time in which the love of the Trinity is shaping a new event, so that you will open your eyes and minds and convert, without giving human reasons for what is happening, and each event is greater than those in the past. I encourage you to repent, to make a spiritual transformation, which is the only thing that can keep you alive amidst the sea of sorrow. 'Whoever wants to be my disciple, let him take up his cross and follow me. My faithful children are persecuted, slandered, misunderstood, defamed, and those who act this way toward my children will experience in their conscience how wrong they were, and will groan in the valley of tears when they recognize that they were wrong. There is no true path without the Cross, so you must take this dimension into account in your discernment. My true tools go in the midst of spitting, slapping, jealousy of brothers, slander and injustice of those who call themselves their brothers. If this is how those who say they are My children behave, what about those who have surrendered to the devil? Therefore, there are constant threats to world peace and it is hanging by a thread, hence the importance of faith in the Divine Protection to which you as my people have been entrusted, hence the need for vigilance, attention, spiritual vigilance, so that you do not fall into pride and so that your prayer is not empty. You must remain attentive to my calls, completely attentive, and remain faithful to my Love, my Truth, my Law, so that you do not adopt innovations in my Church that are not of my Will, but the human will seeks to distort my Word and thus draws my children away from me. This is the time of man's greatest opposition to his Lord and his God; this is the time when faith must grow and, like yeast, spread to brothers and sisters, lest they fall prey to Satan's tentacles. Pray, my children, pray, considering that so much will happen for humanity. Pray, my children, because those who despise me are hurting my mystical body. Pray, my children, pray, the earth will shake with great intensity, the ring of fire will be stained with blood. Pray my children, pray, repent! Convert yourselves! Pray in season and out of season, pray with the Heart, offering the love that dwells in your Hearts. My Mother and I welcome you with love, my Mercy is waiting for you. Do not be afraid. I remain with you. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 01 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, my wish is that the blessing of the Most Holy Trinity will pour out upon His people, strengthening the faith in each of His children, if they are willing to accept it. The time has come when obedience is essential for conversion; without conversion, mercy is a steep and very high mountain, difficult to climb. Man has forgotten to practice the virtues; he does not know that he must practice them constantly, because from some virtues other virtues arise. The time has come when faith is essential, so that you do not falter, nor does expectation overwhelm you, but on the contrary, so that you can discern and see clearly what is happening. The storms of nature are not accidental, just as the plagues that man created out of pride are not accidental. All of these things together are the consequence of man's evil work and actions, signaling the moment when you should prepare yourselves spiritually. People of God, you nourish yourselves to keep the body alive; similarly, without prayer, penance and the food of the Eucharist, you will not find the Way, the Truth and the Life. When you cannot receive our King and Lord Jesus Christ sacramentally, you can experience Him from within this treasury, where you nurture the Divine food and taste it so that you do not falter. Be careful, the devil with his legions hovers over mankind, knowing that he cannot miss the opportunity to snatch souls, and I see so many of God's children constantly falling into the snare of evil, which overcomes them and leads them to think that what is happening is temporary. Life will never be the same again! Mankind has submitted to the directives of the global elite, and this elite will continue its constant whipping of humanity, giving you only brief moments of respite. God's people are arrogant, the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ is depleting, not knowing how to live in the spirit - you do not distinguish and happily accept false innovations, rejecting the Divine Will. The moment of purification is coming, the disease will change its course and reappear on the skin. Humanity will fall again and again, scourged by the abuses of science along with the new world order, which is determined to neutralize any spirituality that may exist in humanity. God's people, this generation should remain with their faces to the ground before God's mercy. Man is not worthy of such a great divine act. Pray, children of God, pray for those who are persecuted. Pray, people of God, pray that the human conscience will awaken and not give in to the devil. Pray people of God, pray for those who die in a state of sin, for those who abandon our King and Lord Jesus Christ. People of God, the earth will shake as never before, and mankind will be confused by the discoveries of science, which, without certainty, will be presented to you as such, shattering the faith of God's children. Do not be afraid, all the heavenly legions are waiting for the Divine command to be constantly prepared. As God's people you keep God the Father's special attention, the faithful will always prevail. Even if they are few in number, they will be faithful until the end of the battle. Under the command of our Queen and Mother, we will come to save the holy remnant. Do not be afraid! Do not be impatient to learn the Divine Will before your brothers, for you may fall into a trap. Queen and Mother of the End Times, hold in your Heart those who cry out to you, with my sword I open the way for you to abide in Divine Love. Who like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 05 2020 -
Beloved people of God, let God's faithful rejoice! Let those who repent of their evil deeds rejoice! Let those who refuse to enter the web of evil rejoice! Religious people fall into the snare of evil, which coats them with mud staining their souls, and this is because they are not spiritualized. That which is forbidden possesses man, who is content to walk through the thick and sickening darkness of evil, getting lost in the various sacrileges with which mankind at the moment rejects the divine. Creation is God's work, not man's, and therefore creation itself uses its most terrible force against man, so that man will return to God and recognize Him as lord and master of all creation. God's people are lost and confused, tainted with the filth of evil as a result of flirting with evil and allowing it to replace the divine, and thus refuse to be true Christians, zealous defenders of true doctrine. Don't accept innovation! We live in the midst of all kinds of great events; revolts are on the rise as man protests against slavery. The mass communications media are controlled by the great global elites, imbued with the supremacy of the strong over the weak. What pain is coming for humanity! Some will suffer first and others later. No country will be free from grief. Famine has arrived on its horse to touch the earth.... Rabid pests are devouring areas of crops.... To man's surprise, in some places water floods crops, and in others the scorching sun does not allow crops to grow.... Oh, suffering humanity! Turn back to our King and Lord Jesus Christ, adore the precious blood of our King. You, creatures of faith, should live every moment as if it were to be your last. The treasure of Christianity is being hidden and denied to God's people. In the midst of the human chaos caused by the collapse of the global economy, the dragon with its head will impose itself, depriving Christianity of what it cannot erode. Elites promoting the global order are negotiating with small countries to mark their transition to a single government before the economy collapses, holding their debtors in their clutches. People of God, how is it that you have so little faith in Divine Power? You are afraid to die of starvation, but you are not afraid to lose eternal Salvation. People of God, the earth will shake violently, and the sea will flood the earth; be alert to destructive earthquakes; wake up, do not continue to sleep. Pray, people of God, America repeatedly appears in the news. Pray, people of God, Spain will be in the news. When faith falls, communism will rise. Pray, people of God, England will suffer. Pray, people of God, the heavenly body will surprise the earth. What is happening is necessary, man must bend his knees and thus understand that he must be spiritual to taste the divine. Do not consider yourselves masters of the Blessed Trinity - aspire to be spiritual, fight the abused human ego and be humble beings of God, possessing great love and holiness. Two forces are fighting for souls, good against evil. Who has good and who has evil.... This must be judged by what you have in your conscience. Pray, right the wrongs committed, love your neighbor as yourself, respect the Divine Law, be truthful and do not distance yourself from our Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth. A wise man gives drink to the thirsty without judging whether they are worthy or not. Do good as Christ has reserved good for you! The Angel of Peace will come just as unforeseen events come to earth - without expectation. With peace on his lips he will unite hearts. With greater strength, humanity will regain the spirituality it has lost and will be renewed. Therefore, do not fear the purification, pray and keep the faith, so that as a faithful remnant you will be liberated by God's love and the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of our Queen and Mother. Pray, desire good for your brothers and sisters; be love and send that love to your neighbors, desire good. Adulterous mankind mocks divinity, bringing into God's house what is profane; this sin is very serious in God's eyes. Fear the loss of eternal life. By divine decree, you are protected by the heavenly legions. Do not fear, do not be afraid, do not forget to do good; be loving, do not let impatience lead you to pride. Do not be afraid, children of God! Do not be afraid! Abide in faith, nourish your faith, fulfill the Divine Law. Honor God in spirit and truth. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

September 13 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, receive the peace, love and mercy flowing from the Most Holy Trinity. In unity, as God's people who walk without despair or loss of faith, move toward eternal happiness. At this time, more than any other, you must make decisions that will enlighten you and open your spiritual path, before it is too late and habit completely blinds you. The people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ are stubborn, hypocritical, conceited, arrogant and disobedient, which is why they are suffering. We have warned you by the Mercy of God about what causes the loss of eternal life, but you do not relate this to yourselves, but to your brothers and sisters. I come with my sword raised high as a sign that the purification of humanity is accelerating and will be as cruel as the sin of man himself. You should empty the human ego of that which holds you in bondage to stupidity and pride, you should improve yourselves and live, work and act in brotherhood and Divine Love. You read these words that I address to you from the Divine Will, and yet you think they are for other brothers and sisters; I must say that they are for everyone who reads them - they are for you, not for anyone else, you idolaters of the 'I am' god of your own ego! This is why you do not share the pain of others, you do not suffer with those who suffer, you do not rejoice with those who rejoice, you live in constant conflict with your neighbors. No, children of God, such behavior prevents you from acting and working in imitation of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, and drags you down with the current of a world that has lost its values, especially spiritual values, hence the chaos in which you find yourselves. Change, not tomorrow, but today, this moment, so that you do not wander off alone when you need your brothers and sisters. Everyone will need the help of their brothers and sisters in the face of the purification that is coming. Consider that the earth will not be cleansed with water, but with fire from technology designed to destroy without compassion. In this devastated, agitated and exhausted world, man is directing his gaze and his misdirected power against that which represents divinity. Therefore, people of God, look within yourselves and transform the constant reproaches you utter against God into thanksgiving, Father! For having perfected me with your love. What on earth is happening right now? You must learn to be mercy, inner peace, love, faith and hope, so that you can receive the same. Be prepared! What will happen will be more bearable for a person if he remains in God, not for those who remain in their 'self'. Such people easily reach saturation, are not loving and consciously walk on their own. People of God, act on yourselves right now, illuminate your path so that it is not more difficult, but rather a path blessed by God's faith and love. People of God, the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ breathes its lament, do not err, do not be afraid, be consistent and be sure of the protection of the Queen and Mother who is with you to guide you, if you let her. Volcanoes will bring sorrow to God's children, do not be careless, be vigilant. The earth will shake vigorously, creatures will flee one way and another in the face of the force of nature. God's creatures! Be creatures of faith, you must not be attuned to what you want as human beings, but to the Will of God. Beloved people of God, the time has come for you to change, convert and prepare for more serious things; how you live depends on this, whether in constant lament or in the Will of God that gives you peace. You don't want to be renewed, the mud of 'ego' is more pleasant than a conversion based on sacrifice. You should continue to pray with your soul, powers and senses, uniting in prayer without distractions. Prayers are necessary for you as humanity. Remember that Scripture is strength for God's children, the Eucharist is food for God's children; nourish yourselves before the mystery of iniquity is made present. People of God, the war is taking different paths, not taking its eyes off the center of Christendom as its goal, so that the sheep feel threatened. Faith, faith, faith! You will hear the roar of Etna, the giants will awaken, and mankind, caught up in itself, will despair. How you will long for times gone by! How you will regret the great ignorance in which you lived! Wake up, people of God, wake up; spiritual hunger is galloping across the earth, physical hunger is galloping, heralding to mankind what is to come. Faith makes a person unshakeable. Do you have faith? Bless you. Who like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. After finishing the September 13 message, St. Michael put the earthly globe before my eyes. It looked different than we see it now by satellite, its colors are different. Saint Michael says to me: 'Daughter, do you see that the Earth does not have the green you are used to and that the seas have taken the place of dry land? Puzzled, I nodded in the affirmative. Then he told me, 'Humanity has not accepted that this disease that is seriously affecting you is the result of the greed of some scientists and those ruling the world, who have used it to do evil and take humanity hostage. At this time, I must repeat what Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and Our Queen and Mother have repeated to you about the abuse of technology: this virus is proof. Evil has very cunningly studied how to bring God's people closer to technology, because it is through technology that the antichrist will reveal himself to all of humanity. This is a reality into which children, adolescents and adults have been very easily introduced, and it does not seem abnormal to them. Now indeed, what Our Lady told you many years ago is coming true: homes will be turned into mass concentration camps.... and this is what all of humanity is experiencing. This new form of virtual teaching that has arisen has happened with the acceptance and submission of humanity; it is causing disorder and violence everywhere, and humanity considers it normal; violence is said to be something necessary at this time. This is the danger: that human beings face death at the hands of their fellow human beings at any time, and this does not lead to serious consequences. He showed me how empty human beings look with little or no faith; I also saw some of humanity in full light, and Saint Michael told me: 'This is the spiritual fullness of those who will be part of the Holy Redemption.' I saw long lines for necessities, and it was not easy in divided families: on the contrary, I saw the elderly in particular being abandoned in long lines and rejected by their families because they were considered no longer needed. What I could really observe was the law of the jungle. And the word of Scripture was fulfilled: Mt. 24:8-15 St. Michael showed me hundreds of people who are abandoning the faith because the Revelations have not yet been fulfilled! Then he showed me the same people during the Tribulation, groaning and begging for God's help. I saw a great earthquake, and I saw the sea flooding the land, and the foolish people did not go to the high shore, but perished by drowning. I saw that many people drowned because of a volcano that rose from the bottom of the sea and caused a tsunami. The heavens went gray, and people fled from place to place in panic and terror, but people of faith knelt down and stretched out their hands to worship God. They said: This is the time we have been waiting for! Give us faith, God of Heaven and Earth, give us faith to reach the goal! In these days it will be announced in the news that a super volcano has erupted, causing a winter-like climate.... Flights and all means of transportation between countries are paralyzed.... Churches will be full of people asking for confession.... And St. Michael says to me: Today they ask for mercy: yesterday they blasphemed against God. Man is still haughty before God; this generation lives in the face of two ways: the way of grace and the way of bondage to sin. There will be suffering in many countries; their people will rise up against their rulers, those who dominate mankind, and they are not presidents, but leading Freemasons who prepare one government, who foster chaos in the nations.... War will be declared and will begin. And St. Michael cries out: Mankind, do not be obstinate: convert! You are held captive to separate you from the Holy Trinity, and without God, man surrenders to the devil. Do not continue to live according to the human ego; it blinds you, does not allow you to see, and makes you live in pride, trampling on your neighbors. Saint Michael says to me: Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the Kingdom of Heaven. Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called children of God. Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness' sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are you when people malign you and persecute you, and utter all kinds of evil against you falsely because of me. Rejoice and be glad, for your reward is great in Heaven, for so did they persecute the prophets who were before you. Michael departs and asks God's people to persevere.

September 25 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel
Beloved people of God, may the blessing of the Holy Trinity descend upon each of you. God's people are always faithful, attached to the true magisterium of the Church, committed to living the Way, the Truth and the Life, keeping away from evil and everything that offends the Holy Trinity. At this moment, step by step, Divine Love is separating the wheat from the chaff; our King and Lord Jesus Christ will not allow the chaff to be among the wheat. Instead, one and the other are being tested, so that some will be filled with the need to live in union with Divine Love, and others will have the opportunity to return to being part of the holy remnant. Before you is the opportunity to be among those souls who endure the pains that should be suffered by this entire generation, which offends the Sacred Hearts anew with each passing moment. People who remain attached to their human egos will not be able to rise spiritually, but will sink into the mud and, without noticing it, through their own pride, condemn themselves. I urge you urgently to live and profess the true faith, being called to follow Christ in spirit and truth. It is not enough to repeat prayers from memory; at this time, man must bring forth within himself the love that our King and Lord Jesus Christ has been waiting for, and that people have not given him. This generation must give back to the Holy Trinity what man previously refused to give back, surrendering to false ideologies, erring thanks to modern innovations belonging to the devil, and thus falling into the process of transformation from a creature of God to a creature given over to evil, dependent on the devil. Everyone receives the wind, the light of the sun and everyone is illuminated by the moon, but not everyone is aware that human life is nourished by these elements. It is the same with the spirit, everyone hears the Word of God of the Holy Scriptures, reads it, but not everyone feeds on it. They accept it, but not everyone applies it to themselves, not everyone feeds on it, not everyone puts it into practice. Therefore, not everyone will be purified in the same way, the difference is in the way they lived and practiced the Commandments of God's Law.... You were created in the image and likeness of God.... How do you live in this image and likeness of God? Do you degrade it or make it grow? Everyone is responsible for this, everyone is responsible for their future and for the fruits they will reap. The forces of nature have been altered by the same convulsive forces at the center of the earth and those coming from the universe, hence natural disasters and those coming from space are more frequent and more severe. Coastal regions must be vigilant and prepared, the waters of the seas will rise mysteriously, flooding them; remember that water purifies, and nature wants to purify the evil that man pours on the earth. The seasons shorten and repeat one after another, surprising man. Pray, children of God, pray for Ireland, it will suffer greatly. Pray, children of God, pray for America, for it will surprise the world. Pray, children of God, pray, the immorality of this generation will make it suffer to the depths. The Antichrist will exalt himself before God's people and many of God's children will fall from fear and ignorance. Chile will be shaken and the Argentine nation will rise up in confusion and great suffering; in turn, humanity will experience this suffering and some people will seek refuge in this southern land. Beloved people of God, wait actively, not standing still in spirit. Humanity must grow, approach self-knowledge, must surrender to the Will of God, otherwise you will not be preserved, you will fall in the face of the weight of evil. Wake up, wake up, wake up! Sacrificial souls suffer, sacrifice and give themselves for those who live in sin. Sin seeks sin, good seeks good. Be united in holy Hearts. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 03 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, I come in the name of the Most Holy Trinity to call you to conversion. Mankind has become ill because of a lack of faith, because of its weak spirituality, indecision, uncertainty, attachment to what is worldly and sinful. The only remedy at this time is conversion, in order to be able to survive in the midst of fierce attacks of all kinds, through which the devil will pour out his hatred on humanity. It is necessary to pray, offer sacrifices and make reparations, putting spiritual growth into daily practice, so that each person will be Simon of Cyrene to the other. In this way, God's people, though tested and purified, will be more visible. You will not be so numerically, but by your spirituality and dedication. Nourish yourselves with the Body and Blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, properly prepared; nourish yourselves in spirit and truth, grow - it is urgent that you do not falter and that you save your souls. In the mystical body, many people are lost due to receiving communion in a state of sin, not observing the Commandments of God's Law. This rebellious people have forgotten God, gone backwards, surrendered to Satan's tentacles and his machinations, accepting the progress of the world order. When they wake up, this generation will be plunged into the cruelest suffering, scorned by the antichrist's henchmen, scourged by nature and deprived of the ability to make decisions. Satan's wrath overwhelmed man, disease took over his mind, triggering unexpected reactions and isolating the inhabitants of the earth. Homes turned into centers of indoctrination and technological addiction. Love of one's neighbor has cooled to the point of almost disappearing; humans behave like robots, though they are not. Greater calamities will cause terror among humanity. Pray, children of God, pray, the heavenly bodies will cause terror among mankind. Pray, children of God, pray, for war will no longer be a mere idea. Pray, children of God, pray, America is falling prey to hatred. Pray, children of God, pray, the earth will shake with force. America will shake, pray for Costa Rica. God's people, you are in swampy territory; the global elite is working against humanity, unleashing migrations from one country to another. The economy will fall into the hands of tyrants; man is being replaced by technology. God's children should strive to become more spiritual and strengthen themselves so as not to break down, to be shields that prevent the abuse of technology's control over man. They must maintain confidence in God's power over evil. I prepare you for what stands at the gate.... Do not let fear overwhelm you; instead, be creatures of faith, live with the certainty of our protection. Do not fear what is to come, but be confident in God's protection of the faithful. Do not reject my warnings, do not be afraid, fear is not a characteristic of God's children. Take refuge in the arms of our and your Queen and Mother; be creatures of faith, unshakable, strong and resolute; be love and counteract evil. Do not retreat, be strong in faith, be creatures of faith. Adore the Holy Trinity, love and take refuge in our Queen and Mother; call upon us and we will protect you. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 12 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved people of my Son, my children abide in prayer and supplication, bearing witness to my Son in your work and actions. Remember: 'Glory be to God in the highest, and on earth peace to men of good will, this is the hour of His Grace. The devil rejoices in conflicts among my Son's children, in conflicts of brothers against brothers.... The devil delights in antagonizing you, he delights in subtly controlling the minds of my children and sustaining their negative thoughts against those who serve the house of my Son. Be aware that no one knows the day or the hour, the day of the Lord will come when you least expect it, like a thief in the night. In the name of my Son, I have sent my faithful to announce to you what is coming, and just as in the past they are despised, judged, scolded and slandered with the same venom as in the past. My true instruments are betrayed just like my Son. I ... Who will warn you of what is coming? Evil is coming out of the mouths of the haughty against those whom the House of the Father has sent to be spokesmen for events, so that my Son's people will prepare themselves in spirit, and their retribution is the same as in the past, my Son's people repay evil for good. The tools are human beings who change gradually, those who judge them want them to be saints, and are those who judge them saints? My Son has blessed His true instruments, He looks at them with tenderness and understanding, and the more they are attacked, the more graces He gives so that they can last. They have slandered my Son.... What will happen to His followers? Look around you; with the eyes of love see what the attitude of a true Christian is. For 'whoever is not with Me is against Me, and whoever does not gather with Me is scattered'. Humanity is struggling in this difficult, very difficult time, given the nearness of the fulfillment of the revelations for all mankind. People have turned away from My Son, and the righteous few are tainted by the malice of the devil, who makes good appear evil and evil appear good, and their condemning judgments are false and directed by Satan. Peace is essential at this time, so that you do not harm one another; those who remain united protect one another, turn away from worldliness and sin, turning to life in the Holy Spirit. Immersed in their foolishness, human beings close the door to the warnings of the Divine Will, do not prepare themselves, continue to live as if nothing is happening.... Nature gives human beings signals to see that everything has changed, yet humanity continues as if nothing had happened, wandering in the dark, stumbling again and again, crawling like snakes. That is why you must go from creeping to being able to climb the peaks, so that after this metamorphosis you will become worthy of being part of the people of my Son, but you must change right now! Those who live in goodness, do good toward their brothers and sisters; those who live in evil, see evil in everything, judge and harm their brothers and sisters. Those who have gone astray should return and unite in the Divine Will. You must feed on the Body and Blood of my Son, being properly prepared to ascend to spiritual heights, being creatures of goodness, repenting of any evil you have committed and being ready to do good. What pain this generation will experience!.... What sorrow and how many constant attacks! What bitterness you will find everywhere! The earth will shake like never before, volcanoes will erupt, waters will cleanse man, winds will appear without warning, the thinking of my children, warped by evil, will turn against their brothers and sisters for lack of love and faith in the cause of my Son. I say all this so that you may be converted before you are completely lost. Pray, my children, pray, a storm will come out of the Church of my Son and sweep away many people who lack faith. Pray, my children, pray the Holy Rosary and instruct yourselves so that you do not fall into the clutches of evil, grow in spirit, be more spiritual, being creatures of good. Bring forth the fruits of eternal life. Pray, my children, pray for Central America, for Italy, for Holland, and don't forget to pray for Argentina. Humanity is in turmoil because those who dominate humanity have rushed forward to take control of all of humanity. Evil and its henchmen want to take possession of humanity and therefore they are attacking with a new disease. You, my children, keep your faith unshaken. Angelic legions protect you. A child who converts is a light that attracts the angelic legions. Pray, change, become creatures of peace and goodness, do not give evil for good, be grateful. Pray for yourselves, pray for your conversion, pray that you do not break down. Do not be afraid, I am here to protect you. I will not abandon you. I love you, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 19 2020 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, My children, do not lose faith in the face of the onslaught of evil. Those of My children who have joined forces with evil and have been overwhelmed by it have faces covered with bitterness and scorn. My children see and feel me as distant, not because I have turned away, but because they do not seek me, reject me, consider me obsolete and outdated. They change the tradition to make it worldly and not spiritual.... discern! Whatever indicates conversion is hated by the world and the flesh. The devil is looking for how to create fear in my people so that they will leave my churches and thus keep them away, unable to accept me. At this time, the history of my people who live in uncertainty, unbelief, indifference, greed and insecurity is being repeated, and my Word is being falsified to give you into the hands of the devil. Do not wait for the signals that have been announced to change, the signals are in front of you and you do not recognize them. You wait for the perspective of my Will to show you the time, and in the meantime that is where you are already. My people proclaim with their works and deeds those who do not know Me. They bring them the bread of my Word, instructing them not to be condemned to death, not to be preachers of evil, to heroically resist Satan's plotting as much as possible. My faithful are assured that I will help them. My blessed Mother hears your requests, and my legions of angels go before those who are mine, not that they may not suffer, but that they may not lose their faith and eternal life. They are harshly treated and despised by the world, and the rulers maintain a condemning silence towards them, as do those who lead my pilgrim Church. The world economy is reaching the point of greatest collapse, so the powerful will proceed to act, blaming each other, until war breaks out in the midst of accusations, and like a contagious disease it will spread from institution to institution, not sparing my Church. This is the time of the battle between the devil and the light ... Day will be night, and night will be day ... You insist that you have waited too long for the fulfillment of prophecies, and yet you are not prepared .... The hour that man has brought upon himself is approaching you without any obstacles in its path. Therefore, my Mother and I ask for your prayers, so that what can be mitigated will be mitigated, and what is not mitigated by the Will of God will be a crucible for my people to repent. Pray, children, pray, another disease is gathering strength and will spread. Pray, children, pray for America. The blackout will reveal what was hidden and people will become agitated, causing chaos and death. Pray, my children, the earth will continue to shake, calling man to repentance. Several countries where My Mother has appeared will be severely shaken. I especially urge you to pray for Mexico, where evil has been introduced by certain rulers, placing that nation in the hands of Satan. Pray, my children, pray. The Middle East will become mightily warlike. Pray, my children, pray. The minds of those who have participated in previous wars have been set in motion. The devil's agitation anticipates the unrest that is coming for all mankind. My children, My people, I do not want you to be anxious, but in a state of alertness, prepared for conversion. My holy remnant is chosen among the nations, from among the poor and simple of heart, from among those who have true faith. The devil comes with his tricks, so that you fall into his tentacles; be meek and shrewd, lest he cause you to lose your souls. Many are called, few are chosen. Pray in season and out of season, put into daily practice the testimony of being my children. Unite yourselves with me, take refuge in the Immaculate Heart of my Mother, 'Queen and Mother of the End Times, snatch me from the clutches of evil. I bless you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

October 28 2020 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, receive my Blessing, dwell in my loving Heart. At the end of the month offered to the beloved and wonderful intercessory prayer of the Holy Rosary, it is my Will that you, as a generation, make reparation for the profanities, heresies, sacrileges, transgressions and refusals by which you have rejected Divine love and embraced the devil and his machinations, thus pulling down demonic evil on earth. Starting from the first hour of October 31, you should spiritually join hands, and globally united in one Heart, you should begin to pray the Holy Rosary dedicated to my most holy Mother, as the Advocate of humanity before my Divine Will. This date in particular has been sacrificed to Satan by his followers through rituals and human sacrifices, and it is the duty of my people not to remain passive in the face of these demonic acts; all my people united should offer love, faith, hope and charity so that the hosts of evil do not cover the earth with their wickedness. My beloved people, the wiles of evil attack the weak minds of the people, causing them to follow the instructions of the enemy of the soul. My people are disobedient, disowning Me, ignoring Me and confronting Me, ruining My Word, causing My people to submit to the world order that has already been established and is ruled by Satan. My people, mankind longs for the freedom it has lost, sinking into dependence on the dictates of the world elite, which is leading you into spiritual chaos, persecution, diseases that man has overcome, into the pain of hatred between nations and into deviation from the Faith. Pray, my people, pray; the eagle will be shaken by the attacks of its adversaries. Pray, my people, pray; the earth will be shaken in its ring of fire, Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic will suffer. Pray, my people, Europe does not belong to the Europeans, it is invaded from within. Pray, my people, pray, the southern cone will be severely cleansed. Be obedient to my Mother's instructions; the disease will be defeated, but not before humanity has been sifted. Continue to be obedient and faithful, so that your faith will remain unwavering. You are not alone; I will protect you if you do not renounce Me. Love My Mother, your Mother; call upon Her, saying, Queen and Mother of the End Times, deliver me from the clutches of evil. I am the refuge of my people. Come to me. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 04 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, I come to call you to faithfulness to the Father's house, a faithfulness that is not paralyzed by fear, but grows through faith. Humanity is permeated with a thick fog that evil has spread over people so that they do not see the good, but continue to follow the path of mediocrity that leads them to fall into the clutches of the devil. God's people continue to move toward falsehood disguised as goodness by the will of man. The Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ makes its own decisions without taking into account the Will of God, and suffers excessively because of this. The door of purification for all mankind is still open, because the events that have been revealed are occurring at a pace imposed by the powers of the earth, at a pace imposed by disobedient mankind, distanced from the Will of God and from our Queen and Mother, at a pace imposed by those who remain in positions of power, leading souls astray and handing them over to the devil himself. Greed, power used for evil, a society in chaos, immorality, this generation of death, wars, famine, communism, persecution, darkness, schism, lack of love; these are now part of the path that humanity has to travel because of its evil deeds and actions. Remember that no major or minor event will take place without the permission of the Divine Will. Mankind mercilessly destroys itself, finds no satisfaction, finds no contentment in anything because of the lack of love, the distance it keeps from our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother. Stick to the true magisterium of the church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, do not go astray - evil dresses itself in sheep's clothing to deceive you. This is the right time for you to show patience, perseverance, to show each person's authentic self and interest in God's affairs. Work now for the Kingdom of God, do not waste time on trifles, on worldly matters. It is urgent that the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ unite and share the blessings they have received with their neighbors in advance, before the false Rulers of mankind make it impossible to distribute these blessings, restricting people's freedom in everything that concerns the Salvation of souls. The more careless you are, the more indifference to these calls will weigh you down, and it will be difficult for your brothers and sisters to recognize the Angel of Peace who will come united with our Queen and Mother, so that you will be sure that he is the one who was announced. Beloved people protected by my legions, too many human beings are going to perdition, too many are falling into the abyss! Pray for your brothers and sisters and help them without delay. People of God, pray, pray for humanity, the doors are opening wider that will set the tone for the future for all. People of God, pray, pray for those who, knowing what is happening, close their hearts to Divine calls and withhold the knowledge given to them by Divine love. People of God, pray for greater spirituality and greater truth in each of you. People of God, pray that you will work and act like true brothers and sisters, not like birds of prey that feed the devil. People of God, pray that events will not be delayed, the mystery of iniquity will be revealed in the absence of Catechon. People of God, pray, you are facing the time that has been foretold.... Adore the Most Holy Trinity, come to our and your Queen and Mother, the blessed virgin Mary. You are not alone. You receive the help of my heavenly legions. Who like God! None other than God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 07 2020 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, my faithful remnant is brave, strong, fearless.... I have called upon human creatures from all over the earth to become part of my holy remnant, and the response has been mostly affirmative. But how poor and abandoned are those who turn away from me for worldly reasons and who betray me, leading my people astray - they will experience moments of horror. Do not look for what is worldly, it can be found everywhere. The devil presented it to mankind, and mankind accepted it. Man must find himself on my Cross and see himself with me to find true love, true spiritual meaning, true devotion without boundaries or conditions. You will achieve this by being united to my Cross of Glory and Majesty, having a Heart of flesh, not of stone, through which only the devil penetrates. At this time, the powerful who rule the world are emerging; in every order they issue, they place directives that lead this generation to meet with pain, with error that breeds pain, with chaos, with a false religion that is not Mine, with a spirituality that is deliberately distorted so that you lose your souls. Rivers of confusion are spreading in situations specific to the time you are in. Do not leave my side, do not forsake, be resolute! The global economic power has among its goals to change people's minds, making you think that staying in seclusion is a cure for eradicating diseases. Children, not only are you confronted with this disease, but more diseases have been prepared for you - a product of human will, not my will. Do not seek perfection in everything, but be true experts in my Love, in faith, in hope, in charity, because I have called you to carry out my project of the Salvation of mankind. Just as I have chosen disciples in the past, so now I have called you to follow me without any conditions, in order to prepare a faithful remnant. I call you to be my own Love, transparent, to trust and protect each other, because they will succeed in closing down my Churches and distancing you from me. More uprisings of brother against brother are coming, human cruelty and manipulation of nations by world powers, whoever they may be, will be revealed. My beloved people, do not wait for tomorrow, change must happen now! Shocking atmospheric phenomena will come from on high due to the approach of a celestial body that will unexpectedly approach the earth. I am coming for each person to examine himself and check whether or not his work and actions have remained attached to My Law. Each person will be his own judge, enlightened by my Holy Spirit, so that he will not deceive himself. In this way, you will measure yourselves by the right yardstick. Do not wait for the signs and signals to come, you are living in the midst of them and each moment will be greater and more drastic. My people, be vigilant, do not fall into the clutches of the devil. You expect to be summoned to be sealed by the devil, but given the knowledge that man has gained about the purposes of evil, the devil's seal will be presented to you without your awareness. Do not lose your souls, save your souls. Pray my children, pray for the country of the north, the eagle will be surprised. Pray my children, pray for England and France, terrorism will dye them red. Pray, my children, pray, blood will flow in Spain, my children will suffer. Pray, my children, pray for Puerto Rico, it will be shaken. Pray, my children, pray for Argentina, there food will run out, the people will be confused. My people, to come to me, you must go through the crucible and be worthy. The will of a proud man has accelerated events, the desire to control the economically powerful has awakened diseases, there is uncertainty all over the world. My people will return to me and they will be my people and I will be their God, they will not have foreign gods, but 'they will be my people and I will be their God' forever and ever. I bless you, my people. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 16 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I continually bless you with my maternal love. I am here to call you to conversion, which you must approach with determination to renounce what the world and its machinations offer you, so that you lose eternal Salvation. You are in a time of great trials, heading toward the greatest desolation you have ever experienced, because you have turned away from God, denied Him, rejected Him and accepted the devil as your God. This generation is moving unstoppably toward meeting the fulfillment of what the Father's house announced to you. The devil has put his poison in you, knowing in advance the greatest weakness of each of you; therefore he has entered gradually, creeping smoothly like the venomous snake that he is, and by habit has led you to see evil as good and to reject what is right and pleasing to God. You live in a constant spiritual battle with evil, do not forget that you are soldiers of God's Love, constantly growing in faith. Do not waste your time on worldly matters, man's time passes without interruption, moving forward and not returning. It is the duty of my children to see and weigh themselves, whether they are children of my Son, before they examine themselves during the Warning. I grieve for each of my children, I suffer for the desolation in which you live and the absence of my Son in you, because you have accepted evil as your God, and at this time you find no consolation. You must understand that God's mercy stands before His children; do not confuse mercy with ignorance, with justifying the continuation of the devil's way, in the hope that you will have time to save your souls, when you have accepted what is worldly and has replaced God's Law. Beloved children, pray for America, the convulsion of man against man will remind you of the cruelty of the past. Pray for California, it will be powerfully shaken. Beloved children, pray, Argentina will suffer from oppression. England will suffer through nature and will oppose the new crown. Pray for Chile. Beloved children, pray that confusion will not lead any more souls astray in the Church of My Son. Beloved children, pray - another disease will surprise man with its aggression; I suffer for you, my children. Beloved children, pray, war between nations has become present, nations are quietly preparing for a terrible third world war. My Son loves you, do not forget that He loves and protects you.... I am here to protect you, but you must turn away from evil. Go forward, form your human ego to work and act for the good. I urge you to continue to use the oil of the Good Samaritan. Be wise, dear children, you must return to the home of my Son. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 21 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
People of God, as the prince of the legions of heaven, I bless you, people of God! The history of mankind's Salvation has been permeated with God's Mercy all along, but human beings have been disobedient to God's Will, causing mankind to face the consequences of misusing their own free will. Despite this, mankind has not taken the lessons of the past seriously and continues to refuse to obey God and repent. Completely blinded, mankind denied its Creator, turned away from goodness and created a future in line with its great pride at the present moment. Ah, ah, people of God! Where are the rivers of disobedience leading you? For those who still have spiritual sight, it is important to be alert to all that is happening against the Divine will. The current antichrists who are part of the world's elite are deciding the fate of mankind and have placed it in the hands of the devil, hence such a great awakening of evil at the present time. This generation has been entrusted with a special love for the Holy Spirit, so that mankind can decide to receive the gifts and virtues of the Holy Spirit, which are necessary for this time. Listen! You must repent and grow spiritually, being fully convinced that the Holy Trinity is due 'honor, power and glory forever and ever.' God's people must bend their knees before the Name that is above every name, 'that at the Name of Jesus every knee should bend in heaven, on earth and under the earth, and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father.' Each person should work for their personal Salvation with fear and trembling in the midst of this world of darkness, and commit to sharing spiritual blessings with their neighbors so that they too can save their souls. Persecution took place before you, gradually increasing to the point where they are now, encountering it face to face. Those who trust in the Lord should not be afraid. Those who have a generous, humble spirit, a strong and true faith, should not be afraid, because the days will be shortened so that our King and Lord Jesus Christ can find the faithful at His coming. People of God, be strong in faith in the face of global unification, which is not God's will, but rather the will of the world elite to dominate you, bind you and diminish your human abilities through misused technology. Human beings with diminished abilities are unable to decide for themselves and must rely on those who order them how to work and act. Humanity has come to terms with the advent of innovation, putting up statues depicting the devil as a sign of evil's power over man. Therefore, I encourage you to invoke our Queen and Mother with the prayer 'Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived' at every moment of the day, while in the state of Grace. Otherwise, the devil will mock the one who pronounces it without any merit. Under the pretext of the present illness, the human body will be changed, and this is not God's Will. The antichrists of this world will send another disease so that people will give themselves into their hands and voluntarily allow themselves to be sealed with the seal of evil. Humanity, unsure that it is being manipulated, senses this. It is the Holy Spirit in each person who gives the discernment to sense what you are dealing with. For this you need prayer in a state of Grace, otherwise you will fall into the clutches of the one who is coming, the antichrist, who is served by the current antichrists. People of God, do not fear, but trust and multiply your faith and perseverance, your certainty that God protects His own and that the faithful will gain the reward of eternal life. Do not falter in your faith, continue fearlessly in the marching column, but with the strength of the Holy Spirit, under the protection of our and your Queen and Mother, who does not abandon you. Our Queen commands the armies of heaven to direct you and perform miracles when needed, sustaining God's people. The commemoration of the birth of our King and Lord Jesus Christ will not be as usual. Humanity's spiritual hunger, along with global upheavals and earth tremors, will spur humanity to awaken. Signs and signals will increase and will make it clear to you that the Warning is coming and that people must recognize that they are sinners, repent and repent. Children, I see people who are disturbed by so much discouragement everywhere. I see people who renounce the good and praise evil, giving it the power to continue its merciless destruction of humanity, not only through the economic power held by the elite, but through the power that has been given to Freemasonry within the people of God. Human beings are watching the progress towards total domination with great indifference. Open your eyes and see what is happening all over the world! The microprocessor is not an invention.... I am not speaking to you as I have spoken in the past; I am speaking to a generation that has made great discoveries, but has failed to discover whom they serve when they go against God's law. In the past, armies set out to conquer lands and kingdoms; at this time, sickness was sent as an emissary to overcome the spirit of man and conquer him, sealing him for the antichrist. God is Mercy, Love, Kindness, Forgiveness, Piety, Hope; He is Omnipresent and Omniscient; yes, He is Almighty! And man? Man fights for dominance, he fights for power, and in his determination to dominate the whole world, he attacks the gift of life, aiming at the annihilation of man by man. Wake up, people of God! Wake up, people of God! Our King and Lord Jesus Christ shields you with His precious blood. The Immaculate Heart will triumph. Queen and Mother of the End Times, grant us the protection of Your Sacred Heart. I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

November 29 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I hold you in my maternal lap, you are children of my Son, I love you with my maternal Heart. Beloved people of my Son, you must maintain due respect for the present illness and take the necessary measures so that you do not fall victim to it. I have given you the natural remedies needed to free yourselves from this disease. Abide without fear, don't be controlled by fear, be aware of Divine Love so that you don't lose faith and so that you abide in hope and Divine mercy. Even if the communist leaders, Freemasons and illuminati on Earth have prepared everything to make you panic, do not let them lead you into this trap. Remember that this is not the end of the world, but of this generation, which is why you will face such chaos caused by disobedience to my revelations - those already fulfilled, those that are being fulfilled and those that are yet to be fulfilled. The devil knows this, and knowing this, he has unleashed his fury against my children to bring them to damnation. It is vitally important for each person to look at himself and unmask his true human self that he carries within himself. This is not the time for you to live in insecurity, anxiety, jealousy, pride or ambiguity; base passions will cause you to grow in the evil that Satan sends upon people to fall into his snare and forget that they have been redeemed by my Son and are not subject to evil, but to good. The world government is waging a great spiritual warfare against humanity, misleading you in order to make you fear all that awaits you, in the absence of true faith, obedience and hope in God's people. Great tribulations await you, as you know.... Such as you have never experienced before. The world order has total changes programmed for all of humanity at every level. Their plan is to change humanity in every way with electromagnetic induction, programmed to change the mind, thoughts, work and actions of man. Be vigilant, people of my Son! Be vigilant, my children, resist, do not be surprised. Be aware that you are children of my Son, remain in the state of Grace - all of Christ, all for Christ. Remain ready to live for my Son, in this way they will not be able to change you. Do not fear the famine that is approaching throughout the earth, nor the collapse of the world economy; Righteous and True is only the Eternal Father, who will not abandon His people. Do not fear the shaking of the earth, even if it does not behave normally. The earth will shake. The great shaking revealed by this Mother is approaching, and therefore it is necessary for my children to keep a firm faith. Children, the time has come to admit your mistakes.... It is time to return to the fold.... It is time to unite... The dark hand of evil is looming over mankind, attacking it fiercely, to change your state of mind and worry you, to put you in uncontrollable fear, offering you security and promising you stability, and thus controlling you as they control the crowds in the cities. Be strong in faith, do not let uncertainty take you by surprise. Pray, my children, pray; the earth will shake in the north with great force; pray for California, pray for Canada. Pray, my children, pray; the earth will be shaken strongly in the south, which will surprise its inhabitants. Pray, my children, pray; in Europe and Asia the earth will move. Pray especially for Japan. Pray, my children; a celestial body is approaching from space that will keep humanity in suspense. Pray, my children, pray; the earth will awaken in a ring of fire. Pray, my children, pray; time is speeding up and evil is increasing its pressure on humanity to make itself felt. Beloved people of my Son, do not fall asleep, this is not the time for sleep, this is the time for constant vigilance. A new disease will attack the earth and my children will suffer because of it. The sun will surprise man, great changes are coming. In order to save your soul, you will have to live by the spirit and not by material things. Not everything that happens is logical for man, divine plans do not fit into human logic. What must come true will come true - not when man says so, but when it is decreed in Heaven. Beloved children, the coming of war is accelerating, China is taking giant steps. Before you say goodbye, my children, I want to call you to unity, to constant brotherhood, everyone will need it, everyone. Prepare to take refuge in my Immaculate Heart, remain united unceasingly, offering yourselves and adoring the one God who is worthy of glory, the Alpha and Omega through all the ages. At every moment you are in the hand of the Heavenly Father. You are not alone, stay in the marching column. I bless you. I love you. Do not be afraid! Am I not your Mother? Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 05 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, in the name of the Most Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother, I bless you. I come to call you to urgent conversion out of love for the Most Holy Trinity and for our and your Queen and Mother, desiring eternal Salvation and not perdition of the soul in eternal fire. I stand with my sword raised high in defense of the faithful people, but I do not violate the human will. I pity those who do not want to be protected and do not make the effort to change the course of their lives, work and actions. I come to call you to the mission that each of you has received from the Divine Will. Continue to obey the Divine Will where it has led you. Return to Divine Will for the sake of your soul and to help your brothers and sisters. Human pride and arrogance are part of the ego of creation, which you should convert so that it does not fight against you, but helps you and facilitates your path. You should remain faithful in your pursuit, desiring Divine Love, and repaying it for everything it constantly offers you. You must find the peace that only souls who are truly on the path of conversion enjoy; train your thoughts and subdue your mind, so that you strive to resemble our Queen and Mother. What a lamentation rises from the flames of hell from those who attended daily Mass and committed sacrilege by receiving communion in a state of sin! How many who have devoted themselves to judging their brothers and sisters are groaning in hell because of the prevalence of pride and jealousy that has poisoned them from within! People of God be careful in your works and actions...! Beware of the Pharisees! At this time, while mankind is living in tribulation, great events are still taking place. Man has separated himself from the Holy Trinity and from our Queen and Mother, does not love, does not forgive. It is the desire of our King and Lord Jesus Christ that the worldwide Triduum be dedicated to our and your Mother of Guadalupe, and that on December 12 you consecrate yourselves to Her under this title, especially consecrating the Mexican nation, given over to Satan by some of its representatives. It is very important for humanity to unite, so that through the prayers of God's children with proper spiritual preparation, this beloved nation will be liberated from Satan's oppression. People who are loved and protected by our and your Mother of Guadalupe, remember that where the Queen and Mother appears, the devil acts with powerful oppression. People of Mexico, our Queen and Mother loves and blesses you. This form of invocation causes the stars to be imprinted on the vault of the sky, illuminating it and telling humanity to prepare for the arrival of a heavenly body that will keep humanity in suspense. It is a form of invocation that utters, sings and shows the Angel of Peace who will come to earth to help the faithful people in times of cruel persecution. Pray, people of God, pray. Many tectonic faults have been activated by the influence of the sun and celestial bodies that are approaching the earth, allowing underwater volcanoes to appear with a great roar. Pray, people of God, pray and make sacrifices. Spain will be agitated and will suffer, its land will shake. France will be severely shaken. Holland will cry for an earthquake. Pray, people of God, pray for Puerto Rico, it will weep and suffer, it will be strongly shaken. Pray, people of God, pray for Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Guatemala, the earth will be strongly shaken. Man has bottled up the evil he commits on earth, and she has already awakened, paving the way for the suffering of humanity. Prepare yourselves, do not remain deaf to my Word.... Prepare yourselves spiritually, and do not forget the food that our Queen and Mother has given to sustain you in times of scarcity, not forgetting the food you can keep, knowing that Heaven supports the faithful. Do not be afraid, fear immobilizes creation. Keep the faith at all times. Divine help will be present. As the prince of heaven's armies, I defend and bless you. Who like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 15 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, you are blessed by the Most Holy Trinity and are children of our and your Queen and Mother, the Blessed Virgin Mary. As prince of the legions of heaven, I urge you to open your hearts to the Will of God, so that you will be diligently renewed before the time that is no more. You have been waiting for the decisive events to know the stage you are in. Once again, I emphatically declare to you that you are at the final stage, at the end of this generation. There will be moments of glory for God's people, but they will come after you have passed through the crucible, when the faith of those who call themselves 'true Christians' will be tested. Not everything is a tragedy for human beings, but in order for you to experience it this way, you must overcome your indecision and be one with the Holy Trinity to see and experience these events for what they are, an opportunity for Salvation, purification, change. This moment should not go unnoticed, this is the time to reverse evil deeds and actions, so that the action of the Divine Spirit will flood you and pour out His gifts and virtues on you. How can I make you realize that without love for your neighbor, true love for the Most Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother cannot be achieved? Man without God's Love in his daily life is an empty creature, a cracked box that is not usable for God's works, because for them you need love. You must be renewed as creatures, without pride, without envy, without scheming. Human beings constantly think that they are zealous for the affairs of Heaven, but instead some 'Pharisees' look at what is predestined by the Holy Trinity, judge it and put it before the human spiritual tribunal, pulling upon themselves the shame of pride, seeing nothing wrong with what they do, but seeing it only as a matter of personal opinion, which will make them fall prey to the devil himself. In this way, the devil makes them slaves to bring about the downfall of their brothers and sisters who serve God. For a short time they will think they have won, but this is not true, for afterwards they will be melted like wax before the fire. People of God, confusion is spreading; there should be no confusion for those who have the certainty of faith. They are God's creatures who do not participate in the modern, soul-dangerous trends sown in the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. You must be generous to your fellow human beings; times of scarcity - not only spiritual, but also food - are approaching. You will experience it very soon. Families will be scattered, the forces of the world elite have decided that this is the way it is to be. They are the great Herods, great in everything that concerns the future of humanity, they support the antichrist, whom they have been serving since time immemorial. You will experience closure knowing that you are separated from your loved ones, and you will go through the pain of seeing your loved ones pass away in conflicts caused by this elite, whose only goal is to rule over humanity and to rule over the minds of the entire world population. There will be the establishment of a single government that will spread to all areas of human work and action. This centralization will be the cause of man's downfall, as it will arise among the poor irrational people who follow the masses with their perverse ideologies. Children, prepare for the collapse of the economy, do not have false hopes - humanity will experience the greatest famine in history. International organizations will not respond to this, and many of you will perish if you do not repent and allow yourselves to be 'fed to Heaven.' Human beings who are only mentally equipped for limited action by the Holy Spirit are hindering the miracles that God's Will has reserved for these times. Pray, people of God, pray for the earth, which, magnetized by the heavenly bodies, is increasing the strength of its core, which is in constant motion, causing great cracks in the earth's surface. Pray, people of God, pray; some islands will especially suffer from tectonic plate upheaval at the bottom of the sea, rising toward the surface. Pray, people of God, pray for the conversion of souls. Pray, people of God, pray tirelessly that the disease of human skin will be quickly defeated as it is cured with the medicines of Heaven. You are blessed, people of God, you are blessed with the gift of life, which you should not reject, but cherish. Those countries where laws have been passed against the life of the helpless or terminally ill will be shaken. The plague is approaching, continue to use the oil of the Good Samaritan, eucalyptus leaves inside homes, burning the leaves when necessary. Be prudent as serpents and innocent as doves. Spiritual conflicts are coming, do not renounce your faith. Remember that you cannot live the faith in your own way, otherwise you will let evil take its place. Do not expect what humanity has not given to God, nothing will be as it was in the past. People of God, are you truly the people of God? Be strong and firm in faith, do not waver. My legions are guarding you, accept this protection by calling on the holy angels. Although it may seem that evil prevails, it will never have more power than Heavenly Father. Do not waver in faith. Do not falter in faith. I bless you, I protect you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 15 2020 - Mother of God
My beloved children, adore my Son! Let each of you be a humble being, recognizing the God-Man in the representation of the birth of my Son in the manger. Love my Son, worship Him at all times, pray with your Heart. My children, know that the birth of my Son should not be the subject of modernist jokes; rather, it is the greatest of events for the Salvation of mankind. The followers of evil want to offend my Son, and yet my Son loves them. He has a special reverence for humble, simple and true hearts. Nativity scenes made with respect for what they represent will be blessed in a special way. Place nativity scenes in your homes, do not hide them, let this God's blessing give protection from what is coming for humanity. Pray, don't neglect yourselves in your work, behavior and in reparation for personal sins. Do not forget that the Warning will come and that self-examination will be a scourge to souls. You will want to say: 'take this heavy scourge from me,' but it will not be possible. Live in holiness! Do not be afraid, I am with each of my children. Love one another and let each of you love yourselves so that you can give love. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 21 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, receive the blessing coming from the House of the Father. The commemoration of the birth of the Redeemer of mankind should make people reflect on the need for immediate reconciliation with the Holy Trinity, in view of the widespread confusion that God's people are facing and will continue to face. The birth of our and your Savior cannot be seen as an isolated event that took place, but as a living event, constantly renewing itself in the hearts of those who remain faithful to Him. Just as Christ, your Savior, remained attached to the Cross of Glory and Majesty without breaking away from it, so you, as His people, must cling to the promises of Salvation through Divine Love and Mercy, which surpasses human understanding. Because of this, man does not understand the Divine action that loves and forgives, forgives and loves what man would not forgive. Tribulations for this generation will not be delayed; they appear in every place, in every state, in every field, even the most unlikely. The great human tragedy is disobedience to the Divine Will. The great betrayal of humanity is fostered by the disordered human ego, like a wild steed that runs where it wants without thinking about the consequences of its actions. Every human being is responsible for his work and actions.... During the Warning, you will not see if you have worked or acted as a consequence of the actions of others, but you will look at yourself in terms of your personal actions and deeds, which should make you react, act, forgive and love as an adult, as a human creature of God and be always in the likeness of the Divine Master. You must not continue to live, work and behave as lukewarm. This time does not provide opportunities for the lukewarm. During Lucifer's rebellion there was no opportunity for the lukewarm, the angels who acted indecisively, being lukewarm, were expelled from Heaven. This is the law of 'yes, yes' or 'no, no.' A spiritual person remains spiritual even in the greatest and most dire trials. Those who are not spiritual may rise and reach the greatest spiritual heights in times of trial, or in the greatest trials they may return to languishing in their 'ego,' fall and find it difficult to recognize that they are lukewarm. This is what I mean, because this generation will soon face trials of faith, and knowing that everything comes from the faith that a human being has, this faith manifests itself in the quality of human beings' actions toward their fellow human beings, in their work and behavior, in their treatment of them, in their words, in their companionship, in their sharing, in the dignity that our King and Lord Jesus Christ demonstrated in the most difficult moments that he encountered as God-Man. Isolation persists, evil demands that this virus does not stop, that humanity plunges into despair, and that in this way evil masters everything that exists. Man accepts what is offered to him with fear of infection, disregarding the fact that as the virus grows, what is offered to him will not be able to fight it off. Let this Christmas be a time of reflection to strengthen your soul. Therefore, on December 24, accept from our and your Queen and Mother the availability to serve your neighbors, along with the humility that only those who surrender to God and recognize themselves as His slaves, doing God's will in all things, possess. Allow your faith to grow, your virtues to develop and the gifts you bear as children of God to flourish. That the world order is taking possession of future events and controlling humanity is no secret, and as part of this process it is regrettable that some devoted to God are capitulating, adopting the deceptive innovations of the shameful modern trends of the false church. The earth is continuing its purification process, and therefore mankind will suffer, facing major disasters and thus costing human lives. It is urgent to convert and teach children the values that this generation has lost, so that these children will atone for so many offenses committed against the Holy Trinity and against our and your Queen and Mother of Heaven and Earth. Pray, people of God, pray for your brothers and sisters, that they will acknowledge the evil they have done. Pray, people of God, pray for yourselves, that you make reparation for the evil you have committed. Pray, people of God, pray that the contamination of the senses will not affect you and that you will not follow the masses. Pray for human beings who are perishing. Unite as God's people, love our and your Queen and Mother of the end times. This December 24, offer love and truth as a sacrifice to the 'Alpha and Omega', who in the manger is the King of all that exists. I bless you. Call upon me, call upon your guardian angel. Who is like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 23 2020 - Mother of God
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless each of my children and ask them to accompany Saint Joseph and me in worshipping my Son in the manger. I want each Heart to be a manger in which my Son will receive the shelter he needs, in which the straw will lose its hardness and turn into threads of silk entwining the Divine Child.... I want each of you to exchange your indifference for love for your brothers and sisters, 'give and it will be given to you,' to reject your bad habits, your foolish thoughts, your feelings that lead you to spiritual creep and henceforth, by your own decision, enter inside the cradle of goodness, good behavior, good habits, so that from it will emerge the most wonderful spirit, exalting you. Let your stupidity disappear, and let your feelings become altruistic? This is love, children, the hidden treasure, Divine Love, which lives and pulsates in the human being, which cannot be stolen by thieves or eaten by moths. You must keep your lamps lit and be vigilant to open yourselves to my Son whenever He comes and calls you. My poor children who do not believe and who poison their hearts! In their time of trial, they will feel the weight of their distrust and the pain of having despised the path that led them to goodness. Each of you is a masterpiece, and it is necessary for you to rediscover God's imprint in you and convert, reaching the heights of humility, generosity, kindness, love and simplicity, because it is not those who are highly intelligent and have exhaustive knowledge who will manage to find God's imprint in themselves and reach spiritual heights, but the humble and simple of heart. Whoever chooses to seek my Son without being truly authentic will be pruned if necessary, uprooted and planted anew to be reborn with new strength, thirsting to find my Son. This generation quenched its thirst with rotten waters, tainted with false ideologies, into which blasphemies, sacrileges and innocent blood were poured, into which the Commandments and Sacraments were thrown, in which they tried to dissolve the divine ink dictated by the inspiration of the Spirit of God in the magisterium of my Son's Church. I urge you to be part of the holy remnant and, as part of this faithful remnant, to always worship my Son in spirit and truth. I do not want you to love me more than my Son. Mankind sighs for the past without thinking about where it is being led; mankind, deaf and blind of its own accord, is throwing itself into the abyss. In the face of these outbursts of insults, against my Divine Child, I call you to make reparation through the Triduum dedicated to my Divine Son, which will begin on December 26 and end on December 28. Act of repentance on the first day: 'Jesus, my Lord and Redeemer, I repent of all the sins I have committed to this day, which burden my whole Heart, for with them I have offended such a good God. I firmly resolve to sin no more, and I trust that through Your Infinite Mercy You will grant me forgiveness of my trespasses and lead me to eternal life, Amen. Offering: 'On this day my offering is to refrain from harboring any thoughts against my neighbors. Prayer: 'O Divine Child, give me your love so that I may love without distinction; being in your likeness, give me your love so that your Will, not mine, may prevail in me. Tiny baby Jesus, living God, come and stay in my Heart, and let my thoughts give warmth to ward off the cold that evil thoughts of creatures cause. Come, my beloved child, penetrate my soul, do not let me be separated from You. I offer You atonement for my evil personal thoughts, for the times when I have exposed a brother or sister to death with my words, cleanse me, my beloved child, heal this Heart of mine. Give me a thirst for You, I beg You that I may seek You tirelessly and that my faith may not dry up, but grow every moment of my life. I adore You, Child Jesus, in every human creature. I bless You, Infant Jesus, in the name of my neighbors and in my own. I, (say your name) entrust myself to you, and with me, with a strong and healthy intention, I entrust my family and all humanity. Amen'. Confession of Faith: 'I believe in God the Father almighty, Creator of Heaven and Earth, and in Jesus Christ, His only Son, our Lord, who was conceived of the Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, tortured under Pontius Pilate, crucified, died and was buried, descended into hell, rose again on the third day, ascended into the heavens, sits at the right hand of God the Father almighty, from there He will come to judge the living and the dead. I believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy universal Church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body, eternal life. Amen.'. Act of repentance on the second day: 'Jesus, my Lord and Redeemer, I repent of all the sins I have committed to this day, which burden my whole Heart, for with them I have offended such a good God. I resolve firmly to sin no more, and trust that through Your infinite mercy You will grant me forgiveness of my trespasses and lead me to eternal life. Amen. Offering: 'On this day, I offer myself to resist bad feelings toward my neighbors and to be authentic in my Christian life.' Prayer: 'O God Child, give me Your love so that I recognize my mistakes; give me wisdom and humility so that I accept that I am a disciple who goes my own way and that my reasoning is not always correct. Give me Your humility so that I learn to appreciate the knowledge of my brothers and sisters. Child Jesus, true God, dwell in my Heart that I may not deny my faith in You and that I may make reparation for those moments when, choosing worldly things, I denied You. May my good intentions result in concrete actions that make up for my faults with a firm resolve not to offend You. Come, my beloved Child, take me in your embrace, heal my mind and my thinking, allowing my eyes to see always the pain of others. Give me a desire for You, I beg You not to offend You in the face of trials, threats and human power; may I be faithful to Your majesty on every occasion. Child Jesus, I adore You in every human creature; I bless You, Child Jesus, on behalf of my neighbors and in my own name. I, (say your name) entrust myself to you, and with me, with a firm and healthy resolve, I entrust my family and all humanity. Amen'. Confession of Faith: 'I believe in God the Father almighty, Creator of Heaven and Earth, and in Jesus Christ, His only Son, our Lord, who was conceived of the Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, tortured under Pontius Pilate, crucified, died and was buried, descended into hell, rose again on the third day, ascended into the heavens, sits at the right hand of God the Father almighty, from there He will come to judge the living and the dead. I believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy universal Church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body, eternal life. Amen.' Act of repentance on the third day: 'Jesus, my Lord and Redeemer, I repent of all the sins I have committed to this day, which burden my whole Heart, for with them I have offended such a good God. I resolve firmly to sin no more, and trust that through Your infinite mercy You will grant me forgiveness of my faults and lead me to eternal life. Amen. Offering: 'On this day I offer up the nothingness that I am, and acknowledge You, Child Jesus, as my King, my God and my Lord. I want to adore You forever, for all eternity. I ask You to heal my mind, my thinking, my Heart - in a word, my whole being. May I detach myself from that which draws me toward evil, and by giving myself completely to You, may I regain my devotion to You that I left on the road. I offer to You the righteousness of my deeds, without looking at the deeds of others'. Prayer: 'O Divine Child, give me hope so that I may not fall while passing through this life. May I be a useful servant in Your vineyard and not an obstacle to the fulfillment of Your Will, allowing pride to be my guide. Grant me Your submission to the Father's Will, so that my good intentions will result in the action You desire, and so that I may be a faithful servant, not succumbing to discouragement. Child Jesus, true God, live in me so that works of mercy may be the way and testimony that You live in me. Give me the strength not to deny You, but to be a faithful witness, bringing my neighbors closer to You, not ascribing glory to myself, but being the least of Your servants. Come, my beloved child, I (speak your name) consecrate myself to You at this time, so that henceforth You, the Infinite Divinity, may be the Lord of my path. May my feet follow in Your footsteps without offending my neighbors. May I recognize Your divinity in my brothers and sisters, and may my neighbors not be affected by my hardened heart. I consecrate myself to You, infinite purity, and with righteous and wholesome intention I consecrate my family and all people, so that evil may be driven out of humanity and You may soon come to reign in all hearts. Today I declare with complete freedom that Thou, Child Jesus, art the true and eternal God, that Thou art the beginning and the end, the infinite mercy; therefore I trust that through Thy goodness Thou wilt accept this my consecration as an indelible seal for ever and ever. Amen'. Confession of Faith: 'I believe in God the Father almighty, Creator of Heaven and Earth, and in Jesus Christ, His only Son, our Lord, who was conceived of the Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, tortured under Pontius Pilate, crucified, died and was buried, descended into hell, rose again on the third day, ascended into the heavens, sits at the right hand of God the Father almighty, from there He will come to judge the living and the dead. I believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy universal Church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body, eternal life. Amen.' Dear children, if your churches are open to the faithful, take part in the celebration of the Eucharist during this Triduum. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

December 30 2020 - Saint Michael the Archangel.
Beloved people of God, along with the love flowing from the Most Holy Trinity and from our and your Queen and Mother, receive a blessing that you may move forward with faith. You remain in the midst of the darkness that has enveloped humanity and has now become even denser. Listen to the Holy Spirit of God, who calls you not to extinguish the candle, so that the willpower of each of you will be greater than the temptations of the world. The times are serious, but even more serious will be the times to come, when what was foretold in the revelations of the Queen of Heaven will be fulfilled. You must prepare yourselves spiritually, firmly maintaining the faith necessary to affirm your faith in our and your King and Lord Jesus Christ. The tentacles of world government are moving everywhere, in all areas of mankind's daily life, society will be increasingly undermined - values have been and will continue to be sabotaged, norms are an illusion, and laws are and will continue to be changed against those who do not submit to the wickedness of the world order. In the calendar year that is about to begin, you will live in the midst of a great unfolding of the tentacles of the antichrist, represented by the world order. Man will be crueler to his fellow man, power will increase, and laws will be enacted to subjugate those who oppose what is decreed. This generation will be remembered for its grave sins, including passing laws against the gift of life and accepting the applause of today's Herods for the death of the innocent. How many spiritual lepers are appointed for the good of the people, and at the moment they are acting on behalf of demonic interests, while God's people continue to walk in religious piety without instruction, not knowing that those who perform premeditated abortions or directly participate in them draw excommunication on themselves. Premeditated abortion is a crime against the gift of life. God has blessed humanity, and it has responded with aberrations against the gift it has received. God's word is not respected; those who are responsible for guiding God's people do not apply the heavy sanctions needed for this generation to refrain from other aberrations. Deliberate abortion is a crime permitted on earth, and for this reason we suffer in Heaven because of the hardness of the human heart. Let us recall Cain, he killed his brother able-bodied and God passed judgment on him. God in the face of the evil of this terrible sin said to Cain: 'What have you done? Listen, your brother's blood cries out to me from the earth! And now you are cursed from the earth, which opened its mouth to receive your brother's blood from your hand.' Whoever agrees to the practice of abortion should repent, confess and turn away from this terrible sin. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ sees the inside of every person and deals with every soul on his own. Change your life, repent! Abortion, far from being a fashion, is a crime against an innocent person. Satan's minions are working hard to spread abortion globally. Poor humanity - the burden of its own sins will fall on it again! People of God, do you feel that the fulfillment of the prophecies is far away.... Just as this virus came unexpectedly and changed all of mankind, so there will be new plagues, created by the hand of man himself. When you least expect it... When you get tired and give up.... When you are told that everything is fiction and assured that hell does not exist or that the pains on earth are hell.... When they deny the Transubstantiation and distance you from the Eucharistic food.... When you despise the Queen and Mother of all creation everywhere.... what has been foretold will come, and you will find humanity asleep, celebrating and wallowing in its sins. How quickly and easily you give credence to modern trends, how quickly you stop believing and lose faith.... Hypocrites, whited sepulchres! The earth will open up and consume man. You do not believe that the earth will shake on all continents with violent earthquakes in cities where the great capitals of world sin are. The signs in the sky will be more frequent until the Warning comes. Just as the earth will shake, the human security offered by the god of money will collapse, that's when you will look up and most will not know what to look for or to whom to cry out. In the face of their fallen earthly God, human weakness will be exposed. People of God, not all is pain for those who live, walking in the midst of obstacles, carrying their daily Cross on their shoulders. Within the framework of Divine Justice, there is joy for those who are faithful, for those who repent, for those who seek repentance, for those who come with repentance. God's Mercy is before all people, some despise it, others ask for it with repentance and receive it, still others wait for conversion; those lukewarm will be cast out of the Divine Mouth. Human beings exist and have been endowed with free will - the power of decision from the age appropriate to them. At stake is the life or death of the soul. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, repent before night falls, repent. We have been sent to execute Divine Justice for the Salvation of God's people. The battle is becoming more difficult all the time, evil is attacking humanity with greater fury, especially those who are faithful to the Holy Trinity and our and your Queen and Mother. Do not be afraid - that is why we are in your midst, cry out for our help, do not be afraid. Stay under the mantle of your Queen and Mother, and you will see evil retreat. Pray, people of God, pray for England. Pray, people of God, pray for Italy, it will amaze humanity. Pray, people of God, pray tirelessly, pray that you love the Will of God. Pray that you will be faithful to the end. I bless you, do not waver. Every human creature has the sword of faith - keep it always up. Do not look for predictions, but prepare spiritually, do not abandon faith. Pray, honor Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Who like God! No one like God! Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.