January 04 2022 - Archangel Michael
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: As prince of the armies of heaven and sent by the most Holy Trinity, I bless you. I convey to you the Divine Will for this people who continue to rebel, not believing in what is approaching for everyone and refusing to work and act according to the divine requests. You are continuously quarrelling, living without peace, each person being their brother’s torment. Humanity is in permanent chaos. Attention, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ! The churches will increasingly be plundered due to man’s rebellion against what reminds him of law, obedience, love, peace, faith and morality. Pay attention! Communism is advancing: it has not retreated but advances at this time with greater freedom, which humanity itself has granted to it. You are acting like senseless, unreasoning creatures, who later will need one another. Woe to those who, because of the coming famine, because of sickness, in order to maintain the appearance of security, will reject the Divine Seal and replace it with the seal and distinctive mark of the antichrist! Pray, people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: the church will suffer due to changes that will suddenly arise. Pray, people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: pray for the institution of the church, plunged into confusion - the sceptre will pass from one side to the other. Pray, people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: a new disease will be announced. Do not panic, Divine Protection remains over its people. Pray, people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Central America will suffer, Costa Rica will be shaken. As prince of the heavenly legions, I am the bearer of the Divine Will: you must change into creatures of good, of prudence, of firm and strong faith, convinced of the protection of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. How many, being aware of the approaching darkness, increase their errors, evoking the rebels and persecutors! You need to grow spiritually, to unite with the most Holy Trinity, with our Queen and Mother of the End Times, being sheltered by my heavenly legions. Receive our King and Lord Jesus Christ in the Eucharist, nourish yourselves with the Eucharistic meal. Be love, give love, live in divine love, transmit divine love so that the peace coming from love might bear witness on the part of each one of you. This is the moment for you to reflect: Evil wants to snatch the Ark of the New Covenant from you and leave you orphans in this world of iniquity. Be wise, lest your tongue be a fire that sets everything aflame, lest it be a poison that kills your brother. Keep in mind that it is with the same tongue that kills your brother or sister, that you pray to, bless and venerate the triune god or our Queen and Mother of the End Times. I bless you; we protect you: you have been entrusted to our custody. Remain unafraid: my legions are watching over each of you with constant attention. I bless you. Without fear, walk in faith. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 
		 
January 07 2022 - Jesus Christ
To my beloved people: My blessing is with my children so that they would be creatures of good. My people, as you begin, apply what you have forgotten and what is indispensable within every institution: respect for one another. This is not the time for you to live subject to a worldly way of thinking that dominates you, because this would lead you to fall under the dominion of a power that is not mine. You are experiencing hard times, although some feel that it is a respite, without looking beyond what their eyes can see or perceiving how much is approaching again for all humanity, provoking constant expressions of dissatisfaction in various countries, causing serious rebellions with great repression by the rulers. Freedom is being withheld: the rulers dominate the institutions and are making my children live in captivity. You are in transition between what you as humanity have been and what you will be as part of a so-called 'order' which is not my Will. The announced persecution of my mother's children is at an apex; the tentacles of the antichrist, traffickers of my sheep, are ceaselessly poisoning the hearts of my people so that they would rebel against me. That is why my children do not know how to adore me, they forget that I am in you, they seek me only when they feel threatened or afraid, they are stubborn, they mock me, I speak to them and they forget, yet I do not forget my words. They have forgotten me, they have ceased to love my Will, they do not wish to receive me in my body and blood. Loving and imitating my mother is a thing of the past; inviting me to stay is an obstacle to you; you do not desire healthy thoughts or a meek heart. The desire to do good is not even thought about. The technological advancements used to do evil to human beings are causing you to be among the workers of the antichrist. You have become a darkened humanity among whom loyalty does not exist; betrayal goes ahead without reflection, and from this is born institutional schism; from this will be born the schism of my church. I have called you to conversion - it is urgent... Among my people there are so many people who are not authentic: they act in contempt of the divine law, they do not fulfil the sacraments, they live with their own 'god' fabricated at their convenience. They choose their ego in order to please themselves with all that is contrary to me, because if they would serve me, they would not be able to do so much evil. You will see a new liberal religion, innovations within society, innovations within institutions. These innovations will be welcomed by a great number of my children, who will fall into them. My children, the great innovation is what you know already - there is no other… it is living in my Will. The consequences of wrongful human works and actions continue... Great nations and small nations will go from living in heat to cold, from drought to floods, from passive volcanoes to abrupt eruptions, from peace to death, from abundance to lack of food and medicines and of everything that humanity uses for its well-being. Therefore, plagues that seemed to have been eradicated will appear again as new ones in places that have not been spoken about, but now will be, and war, unthinkable some time ago and avoided on various occasions, will occur. The purification of this generation, which is immersed in its human self, will lead it to live in the cruellest loneliness if it does not renounce its 'ego'. I am present and watch you continually. I love you; I protect you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

January 11 2022 - Archangel Michael
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: In the name of the Holy Trinity, I bless you. As the captain of the armies of heaven I bless you. I call you to lift up your hearts, thought and reason so that with greater awareness you would remain certain that relationship with our King and Lord Jesus Christ is fruitful, depending on humanity’s need to be close to the divine will and to fulfil it in life. Faith calls you to come out of personal selfishness, personal loneliness and foolishness so that you would go towards the encounter with our King and Lord Jesus Christ. A personal relationship with our King and Lord Jesus Christ is necessary in order for a person to put interior giving towards one’s brother and sister into action in fraternity and respect. Humanity, you will not overcome by yourselves! You will be prey to the wolves who look to assuage their thirst for vengeance towards the children of 'the woman clothed with the sun, with the moon under her feet'. Examine yourselves! You are walking along the path with the cross on your shoulders. Each person is tested and everyone must commit themselves to obeying our King and Lord Jesus Christ. All must deny themselves, so that in its nothingness, the human being, convinced and converted, would be faithful to our King and Lord Jesus Christ. This generation is either heading towards the abyss or towards the encounter with the Divine Will. This is why it is so important that you know and recognize the beloved in order not to be deceived. The children of darkness have leapt out, have united and structured everything they need in order to go against the gift of life. The results have been satisfactory for them as a result of the surrender of human free will to the devil and to those who represent him on earth. At this time, they are attacking life behind masks of good intentions, and humanity continues like sheep to the slaughter. Humanity is living in the things of the world; they do not wish to work for our King and Lord Jesus Christ, 'and because of the increase of iniquity, the love of many will grow cold'. They do not believe, do not hope and do not love... You are being led to live in subjection, without air or sunlight, without the moon or the stars. Memories will be the sustenance for human beings who have become pale at the proximity of death. You are forgetting the warning at a time when it is near and when rumours of war cease to be rumours. Plagues continue to be present in great cities and small towns. Disease continues to make news, borders close and the fall of the world economy will quicken the pace of the antichrist, who dwells on earth beside his subjects. Pray for France: this nation is plunged into tragedy. Beloved of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, onward, without stopping, without faltering! Continue working on the spiritual path, love our Queen and Mother: keep in mind that you are protected. We protect you: we go before, behind, beside each one of you. Do not be afraid, do not be afraid, this is a time of great miracles. With my sword held high I bless you. St. Michael the archangel Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

January 18 2022 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people: I love you; I invite you to remain in my Will, working and acting as who you are: my true children. Cherish each moment so that you would live it in fraternity, with a heart of flesh and with total awareness. Obey, loving my father above all things, without forgetting my Mother and my beloved captain of the heavenly host. My angelic legions remain over humanity in order to come to whoever requests them to do so. You are experiencing purification and nature is in turmoil. The elements are stirred up by the reception of various solar flares that alter the earth’s magnetism, causing communications to be impaired and activating tectonic faults. The human body is altered when receiving what your organism does not normally assimilate. Humanity is living through times of uncertainty. The moment is approaching when misused science will cause you to live in darkness, so I have called you to prepare. Pray, children, war is approaching and humanity will suffer. Pray, children, volcanoes continue becoming active and my children suffer. Pray, children, follow the true magisterium of my church. Do not fear the darkness, fear losing your soul. Remain vigilant, my children! The moon will appear as bloody, foreshadowing the pain of those who are mine. The so-called ring of fire in the Pacific is shaking the earth from the depths of the sea with greater force than in the past, influenced by the sun. You will see a ring in the sun - a ring of fire, which will be seen from many countries and from one in particular. I call you again, children, to prepare yourselves spiritually and with what my children are able to store. Look at the animals that anticipate the weather and store food for when they cannot go out to find what they need to survive. My people need to be cautious when my House warns them. Those who cannot store food will be helped by me. Do not fear, do not fear, do not be anxious. Now is the time! Pay attention to the signs and signals.... Do not be spiritually blind! Quicken your step, as the elite are rising in haste, taking greater power. Bear in mind that 'I am who I am'. I guard you; I love you and I forewarn you so that you would not be taken by surprise. Come to me: receive me in the Eucharist, but before coming to me, be reconciled with your neighbour. Do not judge, as that is for me to do. Come to me with a pure heart, in inner silence, so that you would not be like the pharisees. Maintain inner peace: go into the inner chamber and meet with me - I am waiting for you. Be fraternal: do not use my churches to destroy your brothers and sisters. Forgive and love one another as my people. I bless you with my heart. I bless you with my love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

January 24 2022 - Archangel Michael
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: In the unity of the most Holy Trinity, as prince of the heavenly militias, I bless you. Receive love and good. I am sent to share with you: My heavenly legions are at my signal to assist you in the face of the persecution and harassment to which you will be subjected. As humanity you will witness the misuse of the free will of those who, when they wish, will not be able to humanly turn back. The decision of evil is to divide the people of God in all areas, this is how the serpent moves crawling so as not to be seen. Because of this I call you, I summon you to live in Divine Love, in fraternity, since before the weapon of love, the devil flees. At the same time, invoke our Queen and Mother of the End Times to free you from the insidiousness of the evil one. The earth is a receiver, not only of celestial bodies coming from space, but also of what man himself has taken and placed in space, without foreseeing that the effects of the solar storms that the sun generates at this time, affect some of those satellites that will be one more danger for humanity. Children of the Holy Trinity, be converted and decide for the good! Ratify for yourselves the belonging to our King and Lord Jesus Christ and to our Queen and Mother of the End Times by praying in silence and meditating the prayer of the creed. Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: The abyss toward which humanity is advancing is saturated with the lust for power, the desire to obtain world supremacy in order to hand it over to the one who already! Is on earth demanding for himself absolute domination over all that exists. The disaster coming from armed conflicts will be the cause for humanity to be scourged to the point of exhaustion. Do not be surprised at the economic collapse of great powers. You, as creatures of faith, maintain the tranquillity of those who know that they are protected by their Lord and their God. As people of God, you will see great miracles in your favour, therefore I call you not to fear. Children of God, do not fear, but keep the assurance that you will never be abandoned. Pray, people of God, pray. Nations will march against nations and nature will make those who think they are invincible to bend. Then allies will no longer be so, abandoning the one who summoned them to war, though later they will unite again, not before suffering is brought upon mankind in one form or another. Fear not, at all times we are with you if you are faithful to the Holy Trinity and to our Queen and Mother. Signs and signals abound to alert you, to move the hearts and minds of those who are sceptical at this time. The sun will be darkened by the force of a volcano. The earth continues to tremble as a harbinger of things to come. Stand firm without forgetting that our King and Lord Jesus Christ will send you his angel of peace, who will provide you with strength to continue on the safe path. Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, human creature forgets that our King is the knower of all human actions and deeds. Be creatures of goodness so that you may remain filled with the Divine Spirit. Be strong, go ahead! You are not alone; our King and Lord Jesus Christ pours his love upon his children. 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of the lord'. On spiritual alert, people of God! Do not fear, be persevering. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

January 30 2022 - Archangel Michael
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: These are times of uneasiness for humanity that waits without knowing that, although they deny it, this state flares up in faithless creatures who do not love and do not adore the Sacrosanct Trinity. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: 'Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord, Almighty God, He who Was, who Is, and who Is to come'. Great is the Divine Power to redeem them from sin! In this generation, as in previous ones, disobedience has been the cause of great evils for mankind: man, rebels against God and man falls prey to his own inventions. We keep you before us, my legions are watching you every moment and I invite you to be doers of the Divine Will. Decide now! To seek salvation... And for this it is necessary that you be creatures of unwavering and firm faith, thirsty for the salvation of all humanity. What would become of the human creature without the Divine Presence? What will become of the human creature in front of his conscience? People of God, the core of the earth is being subjected unpredictably to the influence of the sun, the moon and celestial bodies that travel through space prowling the orbit of the earth, which affects the elements on earth and the human creature suffers what it has not suffered before. At this time, they must be wary of the sea and be vigilant so that they are not at risk. The elements have changed and are rushing upon the earth to purify it. The earth will continue to shudder from its hotter core and heat is rising to the surface. This leads to dormant volcanoes awakening and active volcanoes increasing their activity preventing several countries from using their flight paths and human creatures will not be able to reach where they reside until new routes are re-established. The human creature is enjoying life as if nothing is happening at the moment. Disease plagues mankind and will continue to be present, mutating and with new diseases that will be prolonged. Some are spread from the air by misused science and mankind is not aware of it. The human creature more and more distant from the Holy Trinity and from our Queen and Mother focuses on the pleasures of the world, ignoring the signs and signals of this moment, leaving aside what heaven indicates. Europe will find itself in a dawning and will be 'Babel'... And all mankind will suffer as a result. God's children must educate themselves in what is coming for mankind, loving God must not keep them in the ignorance in which most of God's people live. Instruct themselves! So that they do not deny the undeniable and do not stray from the right path. Faith and reason do not contradict each other. They contradict each other when the human ego penetrates the mind of the human creature and keeps it in a constant debate between faith and reason. The human ego is strong in some creatures and manages to divert them from the path. Ah, people of God, you will witness the power of the elements that are agitated by the changes that the earth is undergoing from its core. Changes exerted by the influence of the sun, the moon and the asteroids that from where they are already influencing the alterations of the earth's magnetic field, which contributes to the shaking of the tectonic faults on earth. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Who will resist in the face of the coming changes? Those who do not waver or waver in professing the faith? Those who prepare themselves in faith and their trust in Divine Mercy is stronger because they have been partakers of the greatness of the Holy Trinity.... Those will stand firm. This is the moment in which they must maintain confidence in the divine promises. 'Give thanks to the lord for his love, for his wonders with the sons of Adam! For he has broken in pieces the gates of bronze, and shattered the bars of iron.' Fear not, you are children of the highest. Do not fear and keep the faith. Pray for all mankind, pray. With my sword on high I protect you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

February 6 2022 - Archangel Michael  
Beloved of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: in love and faith toward the Almighty, be life for every heart. I invite you to look at what is happening on earth and not to look only at what you live in your square meter. This blindness induces the ignorance of those who claim that nothing is happening. The earth is in darkness. This darkness does not come from outside, but from the evil that nestles within the human creature. They live at a time when infidelity has invaded the environment in which the human creature lives and the human creature has welcomed it with pleasure, which leads to grave baseness. The infernal spirits have drawn up strategies knowing the human creature and his weakness for the sins of the flesh unleashing immorality, so much so that they have surpassed the sins of Sodom and Gomorrah. The infidelity of humanity towards the holy trinity and towards our King and mother of the last times is shocking, yet you will see with horror the cause of the schism of the Church. Sons of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: infidelity to the divinity causes the human creature of science to be motivated to use science to do evil to his own brethren. The military power of the most powerful powers is to be feared by you, because they keep in their possession weapons that have not been shown to humanity and possess great destructive power. Families have been transformed into places of individualism and cruelty; of disconsolation and not of formation nor of love, as a favourable result to what the elite expected. The suffering continues for the human race.... Strange sounds come out of the ground, being these the creaking of the tectonic plates preparing for strong earthquakes. The earth has become intoxicated by the sins of human generations. As part of humanity, they know that they are waiting for the dreaded third world war. People of God, the powers are inflaming each other. Wars have within them their own interests and at this moment the scarce economy of one of the powers and the desire for territorial expansion of another power prevails, which has spread its ideology throughout the earth, fomenting communism and social revolutions, which in the end are part of the preamble to war. People of God, the sickness that is raging throughout humanity is part of that silent war that has begun, the third world war. Pay attention to the signs and signals, see how nature invades the earth and leads man to suffer. The elements give no respite. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, be aware that a conspiracy arises against world renowned figures, unleashing fury among the powers. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray. Rome suffers to the point of exhaustion. Italy suffers greatly. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray without holding back, pray being active doers in the likeness of the divine working and acting. Be practitioners of fraternity, nourish yourselves with the body and blood of our divine redeemer present in the holy Eucharist, love our Queen and Mother, pray the holy rosary. Prepare yourselves to be true children, be love above all, obedient and keep the faith even if you are afraid of what you see. Do not lose faith. Be persevering without straying into the seemingly easy and safe. The people of God are never helpless. We are ready to defend you against the powers of hell so that you do not succumb to evil. The divine blessing continually makes itself present upon his faithful children. Do not fear, but instead maintain the certainty of the Divine Power that is above all power. Our Queen and Mother stand firm over humanity that will enter into chaos and by divine design will burst forth at the moment of desolation as mother of Divine Mercy to the aid of the children of God. In unity to the sacred hearts, I bless you. Prepare yourselves children of God and be converted now! Receive the love from above. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.  

February 12 2022 - Archangel Michael 
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I come with the blessing of our King to address each of your children. Keep yourselves within peace, fraternity, unity and above all, within the love that comes from the Sacred Hearts. It is imperative that every human creature persevere in the faith and be a creature of good, with a soft heart and initiate a radical change of life. As people of God, they must abandon all discord, otherwise, by human will, they will enter into temptation and fall into nauseating waters. How can we make them understand that the time is the moment of the fulfilment of prophecies, which can occur several times in a single moment? People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I call you to conversion and instead human creatures harbour undue feelings in their hearts, which will not come out until they have a true encounter with our King and Lord Jesus Christ. People of God, receive our King and Lord present in the sacrament of the Eucharist, it is indispensable. The allies of Satan wish to prevent the arrival of our beloved Angel of Peace so that as people of God you will not be protected by him. They must be true children and not bad copies of a true child of God. Faithful people, many of the powers of the world engage in the grievous act of war. By allying themselves with the eagle, some countries seek to be strong. The moment of betrayal will come and the eagle will be abandoned by some of its allies, who unite and in a single act, abandon it, finding itself extremely wounded. Again, they return to the eagle's side when all is chaos and the power of the nations is strengthened. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the devil prepares emissaries to prevent the arrival of our beloved Angel of Peace. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, offer your deeds and acts in fraternity to counteract the insidiousness of evil. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for humanity, it is surprised by the earthquakes that shake one place and another. Go forward, people of God! With the sword of faith held high! Continue to be confident in the power of prayer. Go forward, in faith, without fear! The protection of my legions attends you. I bless and protect you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.  

February 16 2022 - Jesus Christ
My beloved people, I bless you. My heart maintains the constant desire to have you in me. Children, I speak to you so that you may keep yourselves in permanent foresight, the madness of the man of power is extreme. They do not analyse the consequences, but allow themselves to act on impulse so that their desires may be fulfilled. They will know of an attack on a leader, of an attack without foundation and this will cause fire to fall upon the earth. My children: the sun in its extreme emanation of fiery streams comes to emanate great heat upon the earth. You will see nature dry up in the midst of extreme heat. Man will feel unable to sustain himself on earth. It is at this time that ignorance goes before mankind, dominated by creatures in powerful hands, who will make my children succumb to the tragedy of the disastrous world war. My children: you must be creatures ready for conversion, but now! Before it is too late... Evil rises, you will think that I abandon you when you see your brothers rise up against me in the middle of the day. The altars in my temples will be destroyed and all that they contain will be eliminated. Human creature wishes to erase every trace of me. It will not succeed; it would be as if it could live without air. It will be a time of pain and hope as I will send my beloved St. Michael the Archangel, guarding my beloved Angel of Peace to sustain you with my word, to call you to continue resisting for the imminent arrival of my mother who will fight evil. My people, keep in mind my faithful Elijah. Convert, prepare yourselves! Faith is indispensable in each of my children so that they may remain without doubting my love for my people. Pray my children, pray for my Church. Pray my children, pray, the earth is shaken stronger. Pray my children, pray and repent, confess sins and live in grace. Pray my children, pray, keep at peace with your brothers. Pray my children, pray of space comes suffering for mankind. Be cautious, my children, come to me, though the majority of mankind declares itself against me. Keep the faith, do not lose it even for an instant. Faith is gold in the hearts, minds and thoughts of mine. Without faith you are nothing, without faith every wind moves you to one side or the other. I bless you my people, I bless you children. My peace be in each of you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.  

February 19 2022 - Archangel Michael 
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: as prince of the heavenly legions and by Divine Mandate, I share with you and command of your obedience and peace. I call you to be fraternal so that you would help one another. Put the divine calls into practice. Do not only read them, but internalize and bring each call to life; in this way, you will be prepared for the unexpected actions that may present themselves to humanity. Nature continues to advance: man continues to suffer from the elements, which are growing stronger and are becoming more unexpected all the time. Grow through spiritual nourishment — the holy Eucharist. Be creatures of immovable faith: do not despair at the slightest piece of news. Strengthen yourselves with the love of the most Holy Trinity and of our Queen and Mother of the End Times. The spiritual battle is fierce: it is spread throughout the earth and over all humanity. As your protectors, we deliver you from so many misfortunes, from so many falls, as long as you allow us to do so. The tentacles of the antichrist are moving hastily, inflaming the minds of the leaders of the powers. The core of the war is not what is being presented to you, but rather the economy of the country of the north and the bear’s desire for power. Do not look on the surface, go deeper. (at this moment St. Michael the archangel gives me the vision of a giant bear watching everything that is happening next to it. I look at it and it makes an impression: nothing escapes its notice, it anticipates everything. I also see the eagle that represents the country of the north, going from one place to another; it comes and goes insistently in search of support, but the bear does not need support: it has in its hands a totally unknown weapon, which will help it neutralize its adversaries). St. Michael the Archangel says to me: as the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ you should have prepared yourselves! And St. Michael the Archangel waves his arms forcefully, saying to me: this generation pays no heed! … our King and Lord Jesus Christ has been insistent in asking you to prepare yourselves spiritually, to prepare yourselves with food and everything that is absolutely essential, and at the same time to keep personal and other medicines that will be useful for the plague that the devil has prepared. You must have the medicines that heaven has given you in order to overcome the illnesses that will come. Only faith in what the father’s house has revealed to you will heal you, together with the use of the sacramentals. Do not speculate concerning the sacramentals: they all depend on your faith. Use the oil of the good Samaritan, the oil of St. Michael the archangel, calendula for haemorrhagic diseases. It is important that you strengthen your immune system. Daughter, explain to them that I will show you. (St. Michael the archangel shows me the way in which evil will attack us in the midst of the war. First will come spiritual, then material attack on food, clothing, medicines that are essential for some people, together with the restriction of individual freedoms as a result of the new disease). St. Michael the Archangel continues: people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, terrorist attacks will arise again. Do not travel, do not hurry — wait: it will be extremely dangerous. Disease will be sent through human beings and international means of transport. Be careful. People of God: persevere, be creatures of faith, continue without wavering. 'If God is with you, who is against you?” our Queen and Mother of the end times keeps you under her mantle; she protects you if you obey. I bless you with the love of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.  

February 24 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I hold you within my motherly womb, Ark of Salvation. My beloved ones: you are protected by the merciful love of my son. At this moment the hearts of my children are beating in haste knowing that the drums of war have ceased to beat and, in their place, they hear the roar of the detonations of weapons. My son and this mother we find ourselves in mourning before the suffering of those who are suffering what will spread to the rest of the world. People of my Son, do not retreat, offer all that is within your reach for all humanity. The claws of the devil accelerate the world suffering and the arrival of the antichrist. What they live is the strategy of evil to divide humanity. Offer the holy Eucharist for humanity. As my Son's people do not stop praying, offering, loving the divine will by following the true magisterium of my Son's church and being creatures of good. Beloved children: prepare yourselves and offer yourselves immediately.... Go to the Eucharistic celebration, offer to receive in a state of grace the holy Eucharist for those who suffer the onslaught of the selfish interests of two powers, which will be joined by more nations with desires for power, which is what prevails at this moment. They are living through very difficult times in which the power of prayer will keep them on their feet. It is imperative that you increase your love for the Holy Trinity so that faith will remain firm in you. Selfishness has gone beyond all limits. The lust for power has come to light and what the contending powers were hiding has been made known. The Warning is approaching and you must be creatures of good, love and fraternity, repenting of your errors and beginning a new life. It is never too late, you are not alone, my son protects you. Keep yourselves in unity, love my divine son and be faithful disciples of my son. I keep you in my womb. People of my Son, beloved people, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 
 
February 28 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people: my Heart remains open for those who wish to come to me. My Mercy is infinite. I am waiting for you with my Divine Love so that you may be new creatures. My beloved ones: you are living at a time that is leading you towards the fulfilment of all that has been revealed by my House. Even if you see a slight respite, it will not last, due to the arrogance of world leaders with a desire for power. How I grieve over the pain that is increasing for humanity! Pride has no limits, power leads man to use everything he has created to immobilize those whom he regards as his opponents.  As in lairs, they are plotting in order to catch people unawares. Children, where have you left your hearts of flesh? They are killing deliberately in order to increase the war, o humanity, how you are drawing upon yourselves suffering to the point of exhaustion! Children, pray for the Middle East. Children, pray for France. Children, pray for Italy. Children, pray for China. Pray, my children, pray for those who are suffering and mourning at this moment. My people, you will experience the horror that comes from those who maintain plans for conquest. How you make my heart suffer! How many tears I shed for humanity! My children, you are gradually entering further and further into this sad scenario of war, which will grow until it becomes more than purification. You are living, my children, you are living in the insensitivity of those who watch the destruction and lamentation of their fellow men via technological means, as if these were deadly games. You have become so accustomed to fictional death that you are not moved by the anguish of others. My people, war will gallop across the earth in the midst of conflicts and revenge until an unsuspecting humanity is caught by surprised and what has been expected happens... How my heart grieves over this, my children, how it grieves!  I love you, my children, remain on alert. Pestilence is coming, sent anew. My children, be creatures of faith, stay close to me, receive me duly prepared, before my churches are closed. 'Come to me': I love you infinitely. I bless you. You are my children.  Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

March 3 2022 - Archangel Michael 
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: as prince of the heavenly armies, I address each one of you in particular. May the Trinitarian blessing be upon each one of you in this very special time of lent. I stand before human creatures with my heavenly armies desirous to stop the great loss of souls who have joined the ranks of the devil. Be at ease and allow us to act in you.... Humanity lives difficult moments for those who possess consciousness and recognize the times and moments of mockery for those who have lost consciousness and have given themselves too evil. There comes a slight pause in this agony of war for the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ before they suffer from communism throughout the whole world. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, dissent leads to social uprisings to take place in various countries and the journey of the human creature will be more painful on earth. When it happens, look at it as an opportunity for purification, not with terror, but with the certainty of Divine Protection, with faith. Underhanded death comes, a creature of influence falls and sustains the actions of other nations. The dreaded world war emerges, it rides in the Middle East. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ have forgotten that the earth continues to shake, be on alert. This lent in particular: live it by going to the sacraments. Repent, make reparation, offer as much as you can. Become new creatures of faith, hope and charity. Pray with your hearts for suffering humanity. Pray for yourselves that you will not allow evil to dominate your mind and make you prey to its wickedness. Pray for France, it is suffering from communism. Pray for England, it is destabilized. Pray for Spain, war is coming to her. Pray for Argentina, its people are inflamed. The Angel of Peace will come, he will help you, he comes after the public presentation of the antichrist, although he is already watching over you. Without fear, trusting in the Holy Trinity, unite yourselves to our Queen and Mother of the End Times and make reparation for humanity. My legions stand before each of you. Receive my blessing of strength. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

March 7 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved children: receive my blessing in this time of turmoil. You are my people and I protect you all. I call you to remain attentive, in a state of spiritual alertness before the snares of the devil upon you. Pride accompanies the human creature and dominates him, leading him to fall into grave faults, disobedience and injustice towards his brothers. That bad counsellor annuls the fear of me and elevates the human ego to unthinkable levels. If you wish to be love, you must banish such a bad companion so that she does not turn your heart into stone. During this lent I call you to examine yourselves deeply so that you may place your actions and the reaction you receive from your brothers and sisters on a scale and thus be able to discern if you possess this evil. If you possess pride, you are not lost if you intend to convert. This lent is special... I have opened my mercy to all my children so that as many of my children as possible may enter into it, due to what is happening and will happen to humanity. My spirit remains attentive to the good will of mankind, whom I call to pacify themselves spiritually. In the midst of great human evils, I give them great eternal goods if they are merciful and creatures of faith. Love for your neighbour is indispensable, perfect yourselves in humility. As much as you must make amends to your brothers and sisters, do it now, do not put it off until tomorrow. My people: this is a time of great spiritual battle. You well know that this battle is of a spiritual order, it is between good and evil. You need to exhale as much good as possible so that evil does not eat away at your insides and incline you to vomit the evil insidiousness of the oppressor of souls on your brothers. Many live the fruits of disobedience to my Mother's request. My children with hardened hearts continued to overshadow my mother and to ignore her.... That is what the devil desired and the human creature granted it to him.... My people, know me in Sacred Scripture. It is necessary for my people to know me, to scrutinize my word and thus subject every moment to the fulfilment of my word and be witnesses of the Gospel. Come to me! I desire to nourish you with my body and blood and as witnesses of my will, you must remain with firm faith, convinced and converted. In the face of what is approaching, it is necessary that the faith of my people be strengthened by receiving me in the Eucharist and through the prayer of the holy rosary, that they remain by the hand of my mother. My people will be victorious. My cross is what gives victory to my children, not weapons. Pray children, pray for France, she suffers because of the war. Pray children, pray, you will live the horrors of human cruelty. Pray children, pray for Spain is taken by surprise. Pray children, pray for Italy, rivers of blood flow in the waters of its rivers. Pray children, pray, China will rise against Russia to the astonishment of the world. My mother is treasure for my people and she will bring you my Angel of Peace. My children: receive my blessing in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

March 13 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: as prince of the heavenly legions, I bless you and share with you the divine word so that you may prepare yourselves. You are beloved of the Holy Trinity and of our Queen and Mother of the End Times. You will face trials in all aspects, but above all in faith. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, live this lent with conscience as you have never lived it before. You have before you the Divine Mercy to make amends. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: as a church you must strengthen yourselves in faith. The henchmen of the antichrist impose a new religion as the only true religion. I must manifest to you that it is not true nor does it come from our King and Lord Jesus Christ, but it is born from the entrails of Satan himself, created so that the antichrist may dominate them. It is coming, saturated with imposition, persecution, discord, lies, hatred and betrayal. Christians will return to the catacombs where there will be the true light that the devil cannot extinguish. The unbelieving man prefers to deny the prophecies than to accept what some human creatures are already experiencing: the pain of war, unexpected death, injustice, terror. As prince of the heavenly legions, I must affirm to you that war is not words, but painful and bloody deeds, plans drawn up to invade Europe, part of America together with some islands and some countries of the east. So human creatures will be foreigners wandering from country to country. They will be surprised without even thinking about it. The persecutors will arrive without being expected and like a plague will invade by air and land in their desire to take over Europe they will reach several countries. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ are heading down the road of famine as a result of the war, which like a plague is spreading from country to country. I invite you to take current events seriously. These are spreading as treachery is happening from place to place, especially in the Balkans, where treachery and death are coming. The people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ will be strangers, wandering from place to place as the tentacle of war advances unstoppably and relentlessly. I speak to you with certain words: the time will seem long years before the human miseries with which you must live. You must find yourselves prepared, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: prepared to face, not only the fury of nature, but the sudden flight of the nation in which you live before the sudden and unlooked-for invasion. Europe will be hit at several points. The invasion of the nations will be sudden, it will be unexpected, you will be going about your business when you will hear and see the planes overhead and the weapons of war entering your countries. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: pray, pray without ceasing for the salvation of souls, for the famine on the planet and for the innocent who suffer. Be creatures of good, go to the eucharistic celebration, honour our Queen and Mother. Be creatures of faith, strengthen each other. Each one of you is a temple and it is a grave sin to act in a manner or verbally against a brother. Be cautious so that at the warning you will not suffer any more. People of our Queen and Mother, human creatures are judged in love. Therefore, be love and the rest will be given to you in addition. I bless you with the blessing that I receive from our King and Lord Jesus Christ. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.  

March 17 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: as the captain of the heavenly host, I bless you with the blessing of my King and Lord Jesus Christ. I call you to urgent conversion, now, in haste, before you become more confused. As the mystical body you must obey and adhere to Sacred Scripture. Pay attention, do not stray down paths contrary to the Divine Will. It is necessary for you to practice the sacraments and to be reconciled with your brothers and sisters. Be love, peace, mercy and receive the holy Eucharist properly prepared. Offer to our Queen and Mother the holy rosary prayed with the heart. It is essential for you to be love... In the face of love, the devil flees. Do not judge others and you will not be judged. For as you judge, so you will be judged, and the same measure you use for others will be used for you. I see human beings turning away from our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother. I see them joining the ranks of evil, ready to bring down their brothers and sisters without mercy or remorse. Humanity is immersed in the ideology of communism, which together with freemasonry keeps the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and the children of our Queen and Mother of the End Times in distrust and division. People of our Queen and Mother, be wary of falling and no longer being able to get up. Conversion, conversion immediately! How stubborn you are in deciding to continue to impart evil, cooperating with communism and spreading its ideology, whose aim is to seize territorial power and dominion over the peoples in every respect. How you will mourn! How you will mourn, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ! Disease is looming again... Famine has spread over the earth as arranged by the mighty within the great powers, who are leading you towards the abyss, following a pact with evil, which will succeed in making humanity suffer as never before. People of our Queen and Mother, pray, plead, cry out, for our Queen welcomes sincere and heartfelt supplications. You must maintain inner peace so that you might share peace with your brothers and sisters. This generation is in need of the love emanating from the Sacred Hearts to soften the hardened hearts of men. How are you in need of prayer! How you need to confess your sins in true and authentic repentance! Bend your pride and your thoughts so that you may be worthy of the maternal protection to which the most Holy Trinity has entrusted the times of this generation. People of our Queen and Mother, without separating yourselves from the blessed hand of her who is the mother of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and commander of the heavenly host, you are and will be protected by our queen, from whom the most Holy Trinity has ordained intercession for the good of humanity, having chosen her to crush and chain the infernal dragon. What is coming for humanity finds the Queen and Mother of heaven and earth before her children, whom she defends and delivers from all evil, if they worship her most holy Son and are fulfillers of the Divine Will. Go forth, people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, with firm faith in the power of our Queen and Mother, without doubting that in the end her Immaculate Heart will triumph! You will see every knee bow before our Queen and every creature exclaim: 'hail Mary most pure, hail Mary most pure, hail Mary most pure'. Faithful people - firm, without renouncing your call; faithful people - firm in the battle against evil in the name of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, we protect you, I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

March 23 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved children: my blessing is with you at this time of lament. Confusion has taken hold of a great part of my people, they live rejecting me, profaning the name of my most holy Mother, most pure, most chaste, refuge of sinners, consoler of the afflicted. My Mother, defender of Christians, inseparable Mother of all men, is mocked by those who believe that they are not looked upon by our most Holy Trinity. 'I am who I am', and my most holy Mother is the supreme general of the heavenly armies. To my Mother our most Holy Trinity has entrusted the custody of this generation, at this special time, so that they may not be lost. My mother will be together with my people, a people who suffer from event to event until they reach purification. My beloved people, without entering into the confusion of the world, enter into inner silence, far from the worldly, taking the most holy hand of my Mother so that together with her you may free yourselves from evil and keep yourselves on the true path that leads you to my house. My Mother of silence, Mother of faith teaches you to be creatures of silence, not in the face of injustice, but in the face of the lack of love for your brothers. Each one of my children at the warning will judge himself, first in love towards our Holy Trinity and then in love towards his brothers and they will judge themselves in each of the commandments.... Therefore conversion, conversion, conversion, repentance, repentance, repentance, prayer with the heart, duly prepared and with firm purpose of amendment. As spiritual blind, they do not look at what our Holy Trinity has made known to them so that they may be converted, they have not understood the urgency of spiritual growth in the face of the pain that is already upon all humanity. I call you to keep your spirits alert to the wolves that surround you. I invite you to bend your knees for my church, for those who make up my church. Pray my children, pray for the Middle East as it prepares for war. Pray my children, pray that they will stand with me. Pray my children, pray for how much they will suffer from the elements. Pray my children, pray for Switzerland, France, Spain and Greece, they will suffer from war. Pray my children for your brothers who suffer because of war. Live in faith, feed on my body and my blood, feed on my love. Do not fear children, do not fear. I bless you, resist, children, my mother does not forsake you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

March 27 2022 - Archangel Michael 
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I bless you as head of the heavenly legions. Our King and Lord are adored and revered forever and ever, Amen. Humanity, prepare yourselves, repent of the evil committed, confess your sins and dispose yourselves to conversion, it is necessary for the faith to be cemented on a solid foundation. Extremely strong moments are approaching. The earthquakes increase their intensity, the water of the seas with its unexpected and high waves cause fear to man. Pray with the heart duly prepared spiritually, love and fulfil the commandments and the sacraments. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, do not allow yourselves to be confused, keep yourselves on the only way of salvation, the way of the Cross, which contains infinite love, faith, hope and charity. What is happening to this generation is not by chance, it is the work of those who obey the orders of evil in preparation for what they need for the absolute domination of all human creatures. Evil is rapidly taking possession of humanity, leading it to become insensitive and unrecognizable in its disobedience towards the Paternal House. Hunger takes possession of humanity as soon as the nation’s move forward in the strife, which does not arise by chance or differences between nations, but have been traced from before by the devil himself and his own. Children of our Queen and Mother of the End Times, be constant preparators on behalf of humanity for the constant offenses to such an exalted Queen and Mother. Pray, pray for your suffering brothers. Pray, pray to our Queen and Mother for all mankind. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the human creature believes to intervene in the divine designs and soon forgets that God alone is just judge, omnipotent and merciful. Receive my blessing. I protect you with my legions at the service of the Holy Trinity. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

March 31 2022 - Holy Mary
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: people of my Divine Son: receive my motherly blessing. Receive my word as balm for each of you, children of my Divine Son. My children: I shed my tears of sorrow for this generation that continues to be mired in sin and disobedience. I shed my tears for the pains, sacrileges, heresies with which you offend my Divine Son and for the interrupted life of the innocent, giving them death. I shed my tears of sorrow for what is coming for all mankind, for the sufferings, persecutions, revolts, social uprisings, diseases and famines. I shed my tears for the temples closed by order of those who come to dominate humanity and prevent my children from worshipping my Divine Son. I shed my tears over the earth and water for the elements that rise up and cause harm to the human creature. Beloved children: the pains you are facing and will face will overcome humanity; therefore, the calls to conversion, to the urgency that the human creature not allow itself to live in ignorance of the law of God, of sacred scripture, of the sacraments, of the works of mercy and in the practice of lovelessness and impiety. Children, stay away from anyone who makes rash judgments.... 'For as you judge, so you will be judged, and the same measure you use for others will be used for you.' Satan is favouring the division of my son's church, do not fall into his traps: gather, pray, discern! Pay attention to the elements, these agitated ones are rushing against the human creature. At this moment the human creature lives saturated by the worldly and hastens to work and act against his brothers. Pray children, pray, pray, the earth trembles and my children suffer. Pray children, pray for the Middle East. Pray children, pray for the advance of world power over mankind. Pray children, pray for the church, pray and confront with firm faith all that desires to confuse you. Pray children, pray for Argentina. Pray children, the war comes where it is not expected. I love you little children. Each one within your mission fulfil what my son has entrusted to you. I invite you to be more of my son. I am with you, do not fear, I protect you. My motherly love remains upon each of my children. Live in the peace of my son. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

April 04 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: receive the blessing of this mother who loves you. Come to me so that I may lead you to my divine son Jesus Christ. Each one of you knows the good that you have done and the evil you have caused. I invite you to repent now so that you would do not live in sin, otherwise sin will make you increasingly inclined towards evil and confusion. My Son's people must allow themselves to be freed from the bondage of sin at this most delicate of times for humanity. The devil not only lurks, but lashes out against my children, seducing and leading them into the sea of the most abominable sins, this generation being disposed towards sin. In this battle between good and evil the people of my son are being mutilated. This leads my Divine Son to suffer continuously at the lack of spiritual defence on the part of his children. They advance, yes, but towards horror and terror, to which they are being directed. Human works and actions are insecure due to the wavering faith that you have; because of this 'you are neither cold nor hot'. Children of my Immaculate Heart: this present war has religion at its core - man's desire for the expansion of his religion, which is not the one that my Son founded. Children of my Immaculate Heart: pray the holy rosary: it is urgent in the face of the coming suffering. You have been asked so much for the conversion of each one of you, but you have disobeyed! This is leading you to purification on a global level. Nothing will be as it was before - nothing. I grieve over so much sin by which my Son is so offended. I warn you as Mother and yet I am not heard... Not even facing another plague, nor facing food shortages, nor facing the spectre of war, which advances without stopping. I am not being heard! Various calls have been fulfilled before your eyes, but you do not want to believe: on the contrary, you rebel and you will suffer on account of such disrespect. Pray, children, pray for Europe: war will advance upon it and more so upon Italy. Pray, children, pray: the devil is wreaking havoc within my Son's church - pray. Pray, children, pray, children: you must convert, given the approach of so much suffering. Pray, children, pray. Pray, children, pray. How many souls will be lost due to abandoning faith in my Divine Son! Pray, children, pray, pray, pray. My children, the war seems static, but this is not the case: it advances, it does not stop. Pray with your heart, pray. Be more spiritual and pray. The elements will rise up more forcefully against humanity. Pray, children, pray the holy rosary. Children, walk in the good, wish good to your brothers and sisters. Practice good: evil flees before good. Be creatures of unwavering faith in the protection of my Divine Son, his most precious blood protects you. May faith not decrease but rather be strengthened within you. People of my Son: you are not alone. Pray with your heart and our Sacred Hearts will protect you at all times. Be creatures of adoration; be creatures of hope in the promises that you have received. I bless you, my children, I cover you with my maternal mantle. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.
 
April 09 2022 - Archangel Michael 
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: receive the blessing that the Holy Trinity sends to each one of you. This blessing will be palpable in the life of each one of you, if you receive this call with faith and with a contrite and humbled heart. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the actions and deeds of each one of you are not surprising. The most Holy Trinity knows how much you act and act, your intention and what you carry in your heart. Continue faithful as worthy children of our King and Lord and of our Mother and Queen of the End Times. Remain in faith, without doubting, being steadfast creatures and eager to do good. Calamities fall most harshly when human creatures despise our King. We are his protectors and companions on the way, therefore as prince of the heavenly legions I must tell you: the scourges upon humanity are greater before the disobedience of the human creature. Natural disasters act with greater force. Some disasters are caused by nature, others are caused by man who uses science for evil. The sun increases its eruptions, suffocating man and the earth itself, which responds by shuddering. The war is presented as a fight for territories, keeping hidden the reality that it has been programmed as part of the arrival of the antichrist. The blood of a creature of power is shed, war spreads. How many 'woes' are and will be heard throughout the earth, the present time being the time of wailing. Powers confront each other with unknown armaments and mankind is astonished. People who walk: this is the crucial moment! This is why I have insisted that you be prudent and 'judge not'. Those who have been spared so far from God's Judgment will not escape their own judgment at the Warning. Pray, people of God, pray, repent and persevere in the faith, prayer is necessary. Pray people of God, the crossroads for mankind hardened and will know the pain. Pray, people of God, prayer is urgent for the countries that are strongly shaken. Nourish the spirit with the holy Eucharist, be unity. Those who walk alone are prey to the wolves. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, keep food in reserve. Do you wish to save the soul? Walk against the current of the world. At this time the children of our Mother and Queen of the End Times pray with their hearts. I protect you my beloved, I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

April 12 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people: you are my children, and for each one of you I surrendered to my Cross, on which I embodied my Love for the salvation of humanity. I desire that all would be saved, that all would convert and be nourished at the banquet at my table. I come once again as a beggar of love to knock at the door of each person’s heart and conscience. I want you to open the door to me, but I know that not all will do so, therefore I give you my blessing in advance and wait with my heart in my hands for you to return to me and stop living in worldliness. How many of my children tell me that they are not of the world, yet they live by the world’s teachings, they take pleasure in comfort while being unable to endure privation! I find so many of my children telling me: 'Lord, you know that I am not worldly”, but they live by the world, by appearances, in order to be well-received in every social circle; they live by pride and despise those who are not their equals. These attitudes make them worldly, living by 'what they will say about me and how I will be viewed'. They must change now because the world and the flesh will leave them with no benefit. Faith in my word has declined so much that some do not even name it so as not to commit themselves. They consider Holy Scripture to be one more book that has gone out of fashion and therefore believe that it must be reformed. Woe to him or those who distort the Holy Scripture: it would be better for them not to have been born! There are Ten Commandments and they cannot be altered or pass unnoticed. This is the law and above it there is no other law; you cannot alter, erase or change it. How you have forgotten me! The commandments are not subject to ideologies, human beings or circumstances: they are ten and they stand written. Let whoever changes them be anathema. As this time progresses, it is bringing you closer to the renunciation of obedience to my word by some of my consecrated, bringing my church closer to schism. My beloved people, prepare yourselves! There are so many who call themselves my children and yet are against me... There are so many who wish to omit my word, the commandments and the sacraments in order to bring forth the new religion, which is total licence and the renunciation of me and my Mother.... They will deny the Creed and Our Father will be changed. Beware, my people, this is not me! They wish to deceive you and bring you closer to evil, to the antichrist - little by little so that my children would not notice. My people, rebellion is advancing: war continues to take hold of territories and new nations will be involved. Violence is spreading. Pray, my people, pray for Argentina; the people will rebel and, in the turmoil, they will claim the life of a victim in power. Argentina must pray. Pray, my people, pray; famine will increase, plague will advance, coming from hands marked with the suffering of their brothers and sisters; confinement will be applied again. Pray, my people, pray, America will be shaken, then it will be the land of those fleeing Europe. Pray, my people, pray to my blessed mother, protection of sinners. My mother will keep you in inner silence. Pray, my people: whatever happens, keep the faith. Pray with your heart and you will be heard. Be merciful; maintain your trust in Divine Protection and in the guardianship of my beloved St. Michael the Archangel and his legions. Come to me without fear, with faith, hope and charity. Do not despair, I remain with my people whom I will not leave on their own. Receive my blessing. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 
 
April 17 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people: may my blessing be in each one of you a motive for conversion in this commemoration of my Resurrection. I invite you to spread my call so that your brothers do not continue in the spiritual blindness that plunges them into the abyss of denial, of foolishness and of continuing to disregard my calls because of human selfishness. The human creature is in urgent need of spiritual eye salve to eliminate all that holds him back and leads him to continue denying the calls of my House. How much they will grieve for not having believed! Children, the advance of what is to come for humanity is not long in coming. That is why I have alerted you for so many years now and that is why my most holy Mother and St. Michael the Archangel have sent you their word of loving announcement about what is coming up upon humanity and it is now! My people, this generation is ignorant of what is happening and science has hidden for decades so as not to alarm. There is no longer any reason to wait, they have not obeyed me and they will be alarmed by the announcements of science. My children, only with conversion will you be able to mitigate the suffering you face. You have forgotten my calls in the face of the solar flares towards the earth. Fires and illnesses increase in human creatures that alter their organism. Man is not prepared to receive these quantities of solar radiation, which will cause the human creature to suffer alterations in his organism. This increase of heat causes the shortage of water necessary for them to subsist. I announced to you the melting of the polar ice and with this the increase of the oceans and the danger for the coastal areas. They have forgotten that years ago I warned them of the great famine on earth, famine and pestilence in all countries. They forgot that I warned them of severe earthquakes all over the earth, of the activation of volcanoes and super volcanoes causing a greenhouse effect with the lowering of temperatures all over the planet. The human creature has built industries and means of transportation indiscriminately and they are already suffering the consequences. The sun's rays will be diminished, prevented from penetrating because of the gases that will cover the earth. The means of transport will be reduced: the terrestrial and aerial ones. The earth will shake strongly and the expected great earthquakes will arrive and transform the earth. You have forgotten the grave threat that is approaching from space and will graze the earth causing very serious havoc. You have forgotten that I announced to you that you are at war, in escalating war. One country or another will enter this scenario and from one moment to the next war will make the earth something unknown. My children: before man destroys my creation, man will destroy himself and I will have rescued my people. You have forgotten that I forewarned you that Europe will suffer. The war advances destroying countries to reach Italy and seize Rome. My beloved people, look with spiritual eye salve. The war carries in its entrails the spiritual struggle to reach Rome, which is a great goal. Do not fear. You must remember what I have revealed to you before and you have forgotten. I will not allow you to destroy the earth. My people, do not fear. I, the owner of all that exists, protect you. You continue firm in the faith, being my people and receiving me in the holy Eucharist, praying, not praying, praying with your hearts for all mankind. Let no one think himself righteous... The righteous of the righteous is the one who loves them, their lord and God. My special blessing upon my children this day. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.   

April 22 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My dearly beloved people: I bless you with my Heart, in which Mercy overflows for my children. I invite you to work and act for the good. I invite you to give form to my Love so that my Mercy may be poured out on my people in abundance. My Mercy stands before each person, wishing to be received by all my own. My people: take refuge in my Infinite Mercy, source of forgiveness and hope for all my children, wellspring of conversion for the repentant, grace that descends from my Holy Spirit to the heart of each one of you so that you would receive my Love in the measure that each of you desires. Not denying myself to sinners, I go out to meet them with the abundant balm of my forgiveness so that hope in my Mercy may not be held back by human thinking. I go forth to the repentant sinner, to the sinner who grieves over their sins, to the person who feels sorry for having offended me, to the one who decides to offer me a firm purpose of amendment. I wait with my infinite patience for sinners who feel hopelessly condemned and unworthy of my Mercy that burns with love for these children of mine. My mother seeks them, calling them again and again to come to me. I am Merciful and the Just judge at the same time. You need to be aware that my Mercy is not a structure upon which my children can stand in sin, distant from me, justifying themselves deliberately in order to continue sinning. Come to me, my children: night will soon fall and the darkness will prevent you from distinguishing the true from the false throne and the true staff from the false one. They will lead you like sheep to the slaughter because they have not obeyed me and have hardened your hearts. Pray my children, pray for one another so that all might remain faithful to me. Pray my children, pray for those who refuse to receive my Mercy. Pray, my children, pray for spiritual strength and that you would resist without denying me. Pray, my children, that you would draw sheep into my fold and not drive them away. Pray, my children, that you would recognize me and not go down wrong paths. The changes have begun and yet few mention them. The man consecrated in order to serve me is not zealous for my affairs and does not warn my mystical body of the evil that is undermining it. It is urgent for my children to enter into a responsible spirituality so that they might be aware of the value of being my children and be responsible for the knowledge with which I supply them. Dearly beloved children, come to me; repent, accept my Mercy at this time, allow my holy spirit to penetrate each one of you and strengthen you; may he nourish you with knowledge and may the faith remain immovable within you. Events are already upon humanity and my children are being manipulated so that they would be controlled by those who hold power on earth. My people, there are so many sick people before your eyes - yes, spiritually sick, having neither peace nor charity towards their brothers and sisters. So many who are sick due to the human ego, who will only be able to see their errors when they need and seek me - only then, not before. My people: I will send a merciful grace for all humanity so that it might be received by my children who so desire it. This grace, prior to the warning, will descend from my house; it will be given throughout the earth and a multitude of my children will feel great pain at their offenses and will be my forgiveness. Only in this way will some of my children join my true Church and walk towards me in order to save their souls. You will go through very difficult moments, my children, but you must not forget that 'I am who I am' and that my infinite mercy remains upon every human being. I never abandon you: you are my children and 'I am your God'. In the face of great pains, you will receive much goodness from my house and the great grace for all humanity, from which you will emerge strengthened in the faith. My people, I love you. Your merciful Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

April 22 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: you are on your way towards the celebration of Divine Mercy. The people of God must be united. Evangelization is a common cause, a constant practising of fraternal love. You are workers in the vineyard and you should labour in the field entrusted to you, knowing that in the vineyard there is only one lord and master. The people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ are called to maintain personal peace and to transmit it to their brothers and sisters. Those who do not have inner peace do not have the wisdom to maintain equanimity in the midst of storms. Be respectful towards one another; pray to our Queen and Mother of the End Times. People of God, at the moment the devil has infiltrated some human beings with poison, aiming to create disunity among them. Pray that our Queen and Mother would help you and that you would be bearers of true peace, as 'from everyone to whom much has been given, much will be required'. At this time when humanity is seeing on a small scale, I invite you to look with the eye of an eagle at all that is happening. You know full well that those who dominate humanity are maintaining what is favourable to them and undermining the institution of the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Therefore, be creatures of peace who work lovingly in the fields of the King, in order that you might not be confused with the tares. I bless you, people of God. My heavenly legions are continually guarding you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

April 27 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I come to call you to follow the Divine Love.... From which comes faith, hope and charity. The words of our King and Lord Jesus Christ are not empty words, they are words of life in abundance. Listen humanity! Be attentive to the Divine Calls in the face of the constant fall of peace and freedom of the human creature. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ shows you the way to follow so that you will not fall prey to those who will confuse you and make you captives. I invite you to conversion and to look deeply into your personal deeds and actions. I see so many children of God who do not look at themselves, do not scrutinize themselves so as not to face the monster of their overgrown and excessive 'ego'. They must remain attentive so that their actions may be a blessing for their brothers and sisters and not a stop before the daily life in which the human creature has submerged, in which they do not even have a moment to unite themselves to our King and Lord Jesus Christ. I call you to repentance... I call you to pray... I call you to practice the works of mercy, so that the affairs of our King will be more familiar to you and you will deepen your love for your neighbour. Freemasonry has entered the house of God and is contaminating with its errors those who serve in the house of God, leading them to follow what is not the divine will, but the will of men. Without forgetting our King and Lord Jesus Christ and his surrender for every human creature, give thanks to our King and Lord Jesus Christ because he is good and he is mercy and justice at the same time. You are heading towards great trials, not only because of war and great deeds to the detriment of mankind, but because of the transformation of men who embrace the dangerous spiritual novelties that lead them away from God and confront them with grave trials in the faith. People of God, you will see brothers leave the faith, others will deny religion and some will be transformed into persecutors of their brothers. The famine is coming which, together with the loss of faith, will make of the human creature a servant of evil. Remain attentive, the antichrist moves on earth with freedom and maintains interference in the decisions for humanity. Let each one be a guardian of his brother so that you may continue to be faithful to the Holy Trinity. Remain in Divine Love, be merciful and faithful to our King and Lord Jesus Christ. I invite you to pray for one another in the face of the continuous wave of novelties that approach humanity and confuse you. Pray, people of God, pray that the faith may remain firm in each one of you. Pray, people of God, pray for your brothers and sisters who suffer from the oppression of communism. Pray, people of God, pray for those who will suffer from the action of serious earthquakes. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: belong to our King, do not follow false ideologies that lead you to lose your soul. Be persevering in the faith. I bless and protect you. With my sword held high I defend you if you ask for it. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.  

May 01 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: I bless you as Queen and Mother. I bless your minds, thoughts and hearts. I bless you with my love so that as children of my Divine Son you would be obedient to his call. My little children: you must hasten and be more spiritual. The times are urgent; evil does not wait and is drawing up its plans for dominating my children. Fear not: this mother keeps you protected and my mantle embraces humanity. Little children, the power of communism is making itself felt on earth; its desire for conquest goes beyond a single country. I suffer due to the ignorance of those who deny the times in which they are living: war will spread and hunger will appear, faced with which the human race will forget its principles. The dragon is showing its tentacles: pestilence, war, famine and dominion over humanity, eliminating religions to establish one single religion. People of my Son, keep your lamps burning with the finest oil. Some people continue to be foolish without taking stock of the reality through which humanity is passing. Foolish children! You do not know the prophecies contained in Sacred Scripture. If you knew them, you would understand the times in which you find yourselves and the signs and signals of this moment. Everything is found in Sacred Scripture, yet humanity no longer believes in the most Holy Trinity, scorns me and denies being God's workmanship. Children, you treat the fact that the firmament is warning you as a spectacle... The moon will turn red and with it human suffering and pain will increase. Pray, cry out and fast if your health allows it. Repent and confess your sins with a firm purpose of amendment. Walk towards my Son, present in the holy Eucharist, and set out on your path towards a new life as true children of my Son. Enter into inner silence and look at yourselves, being severe - very severe, without disguising your personal acts and actions: look at yourselves in terms of your character, your treatment of your fellow men, anger, resentment, lack of love for yourselves and for your neighbour. Look at yourselves! Change must happen at this moment. You must soften your hearts of stone before it is too late. You are heading towards difficult times for all humanity. I offer you my hands to guide you to my Son, my heart to shelter you and my womb so that you might grow within it. Pray, children, pray: those who hold power on earth are leading humanity into pain. Pray, children, pray, the earth will shake forcefully. Pray, children, pray for the church of my Son. Beloved children, people of my Son, pray. I grieve for my children who do not obey. I grieve for Europe, which will suffer unexpectedly. In this month dedicated to this mother who loves you, I ask you for the communion of reparation on Saturdays and Sundays offered for the conversion of all men, for world peace, for my favoured sons, so that they may maintain the people of my Son as a community of love and fraternity. You should offer this in a state of grace and with firm faith. By fulfilling my requests, you will receive the grace to increase your faith in my Divine Son and you will have greater protection from the heavenly legions. Maintain unity. I bless you, my children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

May 07 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: by Divine Mandate, as prince of the heavenly legions I share with you that humanity must be attentive at this time. Not living in the truth, human beings are rising up against one another… humanity is besieged, oppressed, disturbed and repressed so that inconstancy and insecurity penetrate its thinking, and it is therefore surrendering to the conditions that will lead it to acclaim the antichrist. Human beings’ conceited ego leads them to feel that they alone possess reason. Seized by demons, human beings impose themselves and trample their brothers and sisters without compassion. Humanity is approaching perdition to the point of becoming tarnished, with people being indistinguishable from one another. Contrary to expectations, the great obligation will arrive and timid humanity will bow down and submit. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: go forward in obedience, without wasting this moment. Convert, pray, offer sacrifices and fast, if your condition allows it. Make reparation in advance; the Church of our King is being invaded by the forces of evil in order to undermine her, causing the mystical body to fall into unbelief. Among the people of our king charity has ceased to exist. The progression of imposition by force and the hold of the powerful over the people of God are growing ever stronger, negating your freedom. 'He who has ears to hear let him hear”. Remain on constant alert. The mark of evil will be unmasked; humanity will be summoned in order for it to be 'sealed”. Do not lose eternal life, children of God, do not lose it. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, you must nurture faith in order to resist spiritually in the face of the empire of evil. The power of the devil is looming over humanity so that it would surrender into his hands. Strengthen your faith with fraternal love above all. Be peaceful people: this is how Christians are recognized, in fraternal love. Pray, people of God, pray: the bear is causing pain, great pain. Pray, people of God: the dragon is moving stealthily in order to awaken with power before the eyes of humanity. Pray, people of God, pray: the earth is in peril and unbelieving humanity scorns what is sacred. The man of God remains vigilant. The earth will shake, the reddish moon announces the proximity of pain and of the Warning. In the midst of unbelief, my legions seek creatures of firm faith who remain in prayer for humanity - souls of reparation for offenses against the Sacred Hearts. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: with my sword I defend you against danger. Be faithful to the most Holy Trinity. Love our Queen and Mother of the End Times, when the Warning is rapidly approaching. Onward - I defend you against evil and my legions keep you from danger. Be true. Do not be afraid: we are your defenders and companions on the way. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

May 12 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved children of our Lady of the Rosary of Fatima: on this feast day I call you as the people of God to accept the call of our Queen to pray the holy rosary, persevering in this act of faith, of love, of gratitude and at the same time of reparation for the offenses committed by this generation against our King and Lord Jesus Christ and against our Queen and Mother. Humanity continues to stumble due to its overbearing 'internal babel', leaving behind order, peace, respect, love of neighbour, charity and forgiveness. Confusion has taken hold of humanity, which has raised up its 'internal babel', inflating human egos so that their goals are not ones of peace but of domination and power. Our Queen holds out her hand to the simple and humble of heart.... To those who love 'in spirit and in truth'... To those who, without petty interests, seek the common good without neglecting human beings who are burdened with sins and who, in repentance, seek forgiveness in order to save their souls. Our Queen and Mother wish that all her children would be saved, which is why she goes among this humanity, moving hearts so that they would soften. You need the nourishment of the Eucharist... It is urgent that you receive the Divine Nourishment with total reverence and properly prepared. This time and its events are putting you to the test; therefore, from now on, offer up, bless, pray, sacrifice yourselves in reparation for sins and as an offering for your personal conversion and that of your brothers and sisters. Children of our Lady: with the holy rosary in your hands, prepare yourselves to be firm in the faith. This moment is decisive. Conflicts are progressing and armies blinded by the ambition of conquest will advance regardless; they will profane churches, which will have to be closed so that they would no longer be profaned, and humanity will be overcome with pain and desolation. Therefore, nourish yourselves with the body and blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Keep in mind that the Angel of Peace will arrive accompanied by our Queen. The sky will shine in announcement of such a great marvel of Divine Love, as men are unworthy of such a great act of love by the Eternal Father. The Angel of Peace is hope for those who persevere, protection for the humble and oppressed and shelter for the helpless. Be true children of our Queen and Mother; allow her to guide and intercede for each one of you so that under her protection you might resist with firm faith during the passage of the trial and so that you would not fall into the perversity of the antichrist. As prince of the celestial legions, I alert you so that you would mature in faith given the trials that humanity will face. Earthquakes will continue with increased force; pray for those who will suffer as a result. Love our Queen and Mother; treasure her as a precious pearl, venerate her - she is the mother of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. The most holy trinity has entrusted the protection of each one of you to our Queen and Mother at this time which is so critical in human history. Beloved, be firm in the faith, maintain unity and fraternal love. That is how Christians are to be recognized - in fraternal love. With my heavenly legions and my sword on high I protect and bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

May 15 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: as prince of the heavenly legions, I bless you. I call you to remain in prayer, united to our King and Lord Jesus Christ and to our Queen and Mother of the End Times. Continue with faith and fear offending our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Fear failing in love and charity. Fear that the fresh water that nourishes fraternity would dry up in you. Only by helping one another will you be able to continue in the unity of the faithful people, overcoming the adversities, which are becoming greater all the time. Store food. Be obedient and keep provisions. Food will be scarce worldwide and humanity will fall into despair. Have foresight. Medicines will be lacking: be prepared, and for this you have received from the father’s house the indications that are indispensable for you to fight disease with the fruit of nature. You are in the Great Tribulation. Maintain a firm faith so that you would not succumb when the cruellest of persecutions arrives for the faithful people. Continue on the path to which our King and Lord Jesus Christ has called you, offering penance, prayer, confessing the sins that you have committed and nourishing yourselves with the body and blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Bear witness that you are true Christians. Waiting for a great sign in order to convert may lead you to lose your salvation. Beware! You cannot imagine the coming suffering. You have no idea of what is to come. This red moon activated volcanoes before appearing. This red moon especially acts upon volcanoes, tectonic faults and human beings. You must remain in peace so that your spirit would not be disturbed and you must live without resentment, otherwise the latter will increase. I therefore call upon you to convert and not to waste the present moment in banalities, because if you invest your time in the affairs of heaven, heaven itself will multiply your time. If you do not pray, you will not receive the fruit and the abundant graces that the Divine Spirit pours out on those who pray with their hearts. It is a hard moment that you are going through; it is not easy - be prudent, be prudent. Do not forget that I call you to conversion: you need to convert. Pray for your brothers and sisters who do not seek conversion. The demons are on earth, tempting you continuously. You must fight to cleanse your thoughts and minds and to keep yourselves away from evil. Prepare what you can prepare; the rest will be multiplied, but prepare it now, before you are unable to do so due to the lack of what is necessary. I keep you on alert. As the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ you must not doubt the protection of the heavenly armies, as we have been sent to guard the people of God. Our Queen and Mother love you and her motherly mantle constantly covers you. Do not fear be abandoned: you are protected and will be protected at all times. Do not falter in your faith. I bless you with the blessing that our King and Lord Jesus Christ holds over his children. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

May 21 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people: receive my Sacred Heart together with my blessing. I remain with each one of you. Each human being decides whether they want to open the door of their heart to me. All of heaven stands before my children to help them, and you should not be afraid of what is coming, but should trust in my protection. You must believe that you are not alone. You are living within the purification that is necessary at this time in order for my children to be saved. The 'wolves in sheep’s clothing” are engaged in carrying out the orders of the antichrist, feeding the infernal dragon in order to make it grow by supporting immorality, the killing of the innocent and the destruction of the family through laws contrary to this beloved institution. My Mother has called you to repentance, yet you have not repented… the banner of this generation is ignominy and immorality. Man has given his hand to the devil; therefore, the chastisements will not stop. These will be so severe that you cannot imagine them. Humanity’s suffering is not far from you, but a twinkling of an eye away. Foolishly, you will continue to reject and deny the signs and signals until famine overtakes mankind, and lamentation, together with social revolts, will be throughout the earth. This famine is necessary for the antichrist in order for him to exert his force upon the people and oblige them to seal themselves in order to obtain food and medicines, and finally he will dominate them. My beloved people, diseases are progressing, one after another being sent to humanity to keep you frightened and constrained. This skin disease was foreseen for you: the diseases are not coming by themselves. Pray, come to me: I am your God. My beloved people, it is not only pain that my people will experience. In the principal sanctuaries dedicated to my most holy Mother in each country, a miracle of Maternal Love will occur for 3 hours. My mother will alert you in advance. Children, you are not alone, keep your faith alive and firm. I am your God. Pray my children, pray for Italy: it will suffer severely. Pray, my children, pray, Japan will be strongly shaken. Pray, my children, pray, my people will not be abandoned, no matter how severe the moment may be. Pray, my children, pray, night will come in the twinkling of an eye. My people, my cross is a sign of salvation and redemption: carry it with you. I am your God, and I will never abandon you. I bless you with my love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

May 27 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people: my blessing constantly remains upon you. In every act and in every work in favour of the common good, my blessings increase for my people in general. Maintain faith; you must personally make it flourish constantly so that it may be strengthened and so that unity with my House would be greater and stronger. Do not neglect prayer, confession and receiving me, worthily prepared. My church is being severely tested. I call you not to lose the faith: 'I am your God.' My Church is being tested so that she would be purified and so that the evil that has infiltrated within her would be cast away. My Church faces pain: mourning will cover her. Take refuge in me and in my Mother in this moment of suffering. Maintain peace, so damaged by the human race, so distorted and belittled. You will discover grave lies with which your minds have been flooded with thoughts and judgments contrary to love and truth. As humanity you have been led into mortal distress. At this time, you are dependent upon technology for economic survival and humanity will do what is necessary to acquire what is assumed to be indispensable in life. The great powers are detonating weapons.... My people suffer to the core: this is being provoked by those powers that serve evil and wish to dethrone me. You are living in a state of alert because of the skin disease that I had already announced to you. Yet this will not end here, but another skin disease will appear, generated by misused science, which is today’s Herod. Persevere, my children, being attentive to healing plants, about which my house is letting you know and whose use has been explained to you. I love you, my children, and I desire the good of each one of you. I therefore call you to mark yourselves with holy water, just as in your homes the door and window frames must remain sealed with holy water. World peace is at its point of greatest tension. Without respect for persons, the allies of evil will wreak great havoc on humanity at the cost of grave pains against life. The devil despises life, which is why he is intent on acting against life and in favour of division. My people must journey on without accepting the innovations that will be presented to you to distinguish people from one another, for these are traps of the evil one to subject you to his nefarious plans. My children are living in tension and constant anger, enraged against their fellow men.... You will see how, for no reason, human beings will kill others for their satisfaction. Thus, goes humanity, inflamed without knowing the cause, but I know it: it is the devil who is acting in order to take rapid possession of humanity. Fight with the weapons of my love. What is not love does not belong to me. I bless you, my people, I bless you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

June 02 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved children: I cover you with the love of my Spirit to endow you with all that is necessary for my children to possess to labour in my Kingdom. My people pass through the path of my passion. My people will carry my Cross; yes, my Cross of glory and majesty. Without fearing my Cross, my children will carry it in order to leave all that is sin on it. My children, it is necessary for you to understand that the man who lives of and for the flesh does not understand the affairs of the spirit; he will work and act in the flesh, very far from my Will. My children live in a constant conversion, striving, distancing themselves from all that is of the world, praying and offering for the conversion of their brothers, those who live in the worldly. My people, live moving forward, navigating and striving hand in hand with my blessed Mother so that my Mother may lift you up when you feel you can no longer go on. Prepare yourselves spiritually, now! Anger ferments within my children and they lose their sanity confronting one another, besieged by the devil, who at this moment advances knowing that he is defeated by my most holy Mother. My beloved ones, famine is advancing without warning. Scarcity has already reached some countries and still they despise my calls. With the famine, the human creature is agitated by the deprivation of what is necessary and revolts break out from country to country like a plague. The powerful of the world will offer you help in exchange for joining the ranks of the antichrist. Pray my children, pray for the Middle East. Pray my children, pray for your brothers who suffer from war. Pray my children, pray before the scourges of nature. My people: keep faith in continual growth and be experts in love. My law must be engraved in your heart. Pray, knowing that my Holy Spirit defeats hardened hearts, impenetrable hearts of stone in which my love is unknown. My people, I love you: I mourn for what is happening and will happen with more strength.... I mourn for the suffering of my children, that is why I go one by one like a beggar who finds all his nourishment in love. Continue to trust in my love and my protection for each of my children. For me each one is my great treasure. Keep hope alive, I will never be defeated. 'I am your Lord and your God and you are my children. Will you succeed in defeating them? I assure you of my guardianship and my permanent protection. Come to me! My blessing is with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

June 06 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: I bless you with my love, I bless you with my fiat. Children, I call you to convert. Some ask themselves: how do I convert? You must decide to turn away from sin, from all that corrupts your spiritual and physical senses, your mind, your thoughts and all that hardens your heart. You must make a firm decision, a firm purpose to amend the falls you may have in detachment from the worldly, from the sinful and from improper habits. The tyranny of the human self is strong when it has been allowed to take the reins of the cravings of the flesh and the senses. Convert by turning away from that which corrupts you and leads you to join the low and lower where the devil moves. Sin leads you to deny yourselves of my Divine Son and this is very serious, for the result is to deny yourselves eternal salvation, if you do not repent. Sin is to enter the dangerous terrain of the forbidden and improper where the soul suffers. You possess free will and I see so many of my children constantly falling into the same sin out of foolishness, they say: 'I am free, freedom is mine', and thus they sink into the nauseating waters of sin, from which they do not come out because of pride, because of the bad use of free will. Convert! Think about how you are, what you do, how you react, how you are with your brothers, how you act and how you act. Children, humanity is in danger and without conversion you are easy prey to evil. Great changes are coming! Modernisms arrive that destroy the spirituality of my children, leading them to betray my son. There are so many who feel they are wise that they end up being foolish and falling into the vile. There is an urgent need for change in humanity so that they are not deceived. The human creature is in constant conversion with the urgency to be constantly washed of sin. I call you as the first time to strengthen yourselves as the people of my son with fasting, prayer, the Eucharist and fraternity. As a Mother I would like to speak to you only of the greatness of heaven, but at this moment I must speak of what is approaching and can lead you to fall. In this 'already' you must change and prepare yourselves to be totally new creatures. Violence is increasing in the face of the dissent of humanity, generating chaos in one country or another. That is why I call you to adore my Divine Son, to pray and to be fraternal. You will not succeed in giving what you do not carry within. My children, you need to live in adoration of my Son so that you may pass this on to your brothers and sisters before it is too late. Beloved people of my Son, this is the time to raise your hearts to my Son, separating yourselves from my Son prevents you from discerning. More illnesses are coming which are not Divine Will, but of misused science. Pray and use what has been indicated to you. Be fraternal and do not allow strife.... Unity is urgent. He who lives in strife will find himself alone before the danger of evil. I bless you with my love, come into my womb. I remain with the people of my Son. Do not fear, I protect you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

June 12 2022 - Jesus Christ 
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: live under the Divine Will, so the work and act will be according to the provisions of our King and not to the provisions of the worldly powers. As prince of the celestial legions, I ask you to surrender all your work and actions at every moment to our King and Lord Jesus Christin reparation for the offenses of humanity and for the salvation of souls. The more that join this offering, the stronger and higher the wall is and the more resistant it is to the attacks of the devil. They are happy to know in advance what heaven expects and desires from its children... They are happy to know where they should conduct themselves and pray for it, thus they remain within the Divine Will. When the moment shortens, evil becomes more present and visible within humanity in various ways. This has happened in the history of mankind. At this time, the devil and his minions have embedded themselves within the institutions of society, blackening them and giving them a turn far removed from the divine will. As prince of the celestial legions, I call on you to unite in prayer so that the intensity of the great earthquake that will soon occur on earth, at the points where great tectonic faults converge, may be reduced. I call you to pray the holy rosary for 7 days and to worship our King and Lord Jesus Christ present in the most blessed sacrament of the altar. These acts of love are offered by: all mankind blinded by the devil, by human creature’s sick in body or spirit and for faith to be firm in each child of God. This way of praying will combat evil and will unite the children of God in brotherhood, strengthening faith and trust in Divine Protection. Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: to you I speak, to you who have heard and have closed your ears like the majority of humanity, to you who have been instructed by the Kingdom of God and refuse to understand, I’m talking to you... They are faced with the scourge of food, economic, love of neighbour, charity and lack of faith. Urge children of our Queen and Mother! It urges that the people of God be prepared in the spirit and in the material. The big countries will be crucified and the small countries will suffer. They must store according to the possibilities of each one, they must be discreet so that they do not fall prey to the wolves. Pray people of God, pray for Argentina, the agitation of society arrives, its soil is shaken. Pray people of God, pray for Chile, its soil shakes strongly. Pray for Central America, it shakes, pray. Pray for the unfortunate events in the United States. Pray children of God, pray for Japan, its soil shakes. Pray people of God, pray for Spain, it is shaken. Pray people of God, France is gripped by terror. Pray people of God, pray for all humanity so that faith prevails and fear does not take hold of any child of the people of God. With my sword raised, I rout the minions of evil and protect the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ as I have been ordered. Continue in unity, without going back, praying, children, praying, without harming your neighbour and being messengers of love. I bless you, protect you and summon you in the love of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

June 18 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: receive the blessing that our King constantly showers upon each one. You are beloved of our Queen and Mother of the End Times.... You are so beloved that her Divine Son sends his Angel of Peace to accompany you, to open the way for you and to keep you attentive to the Law of God so that you will not be lost. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ with love, faith and obedience have come to my call of the seven days of prayer for the good of humanity. They forget that without prayer the human creature is empty. Without prayer with the heart and soul, the creature is hesitant before the temptations of evil, being easy prey to the devil and his machinations. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: fraternity among the children of God is paramount and unity is necessary in the face of the onslaught of evil that desires to destroy and separate the works of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Human creatures call themselves bearers of 'divine gifts' in order to divide the children of God so that they may stray from the true path. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ calls you to unity. Understand that what is coming is not a time of rain or wind or darkness or trembling? You have failed to digest that what is coming are the strongest trials and the strongest shocks that humanity has faced in this generation. How can we bring them to understand with reason and spirit that what is coming is written! It is not the end of the world, no! What will they do when faced with these moments they look at themselves and see that they despised the truth, did not believe it and did not prepare themselves in the spirit nor in what heaven has indicated to them! Do you expect long times? You are wrong. Do not fall into the clutches of evil at this most critical time for mankind! Famine is spreading and with it a shortage of the essentials for the human creature. The economy falls in the world and man enters into chaos in the absence of the money god to whom they have given their security. Children of our Queen and Mother of the last times, the wheat will be separated from the tares and the tares will persecute the wheat. Do not fear, after the trial, the wheat will rise again with greater strength, it will be enlightened by the love of its King and Lord Jesus Christ. Be on your spiritual alert! Watch the wolves in sheep's clothing lead the people of God into the spiritual abyss and accept it with such weakness and coldness that you may wake up as part of the tares. The children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ must be spiritual in order not to be deceived. When mourning enters the House of God, they must maintain spiritual fortitude and not be led astray. That is what the devil desires, that the sheep be scattered. Do not allow it. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: pray, pray in the face of despair, uprisings and persecution. Pray, pray people of God that human creatures will heed my call to prayer. Pray people of God, pray for Mexico, its soil is shaking with force. Pray, people of God, pray for the conversion of humanity and for all human creatures to accept as Mother the one who is the Mother of the word. Without fear, continue with firm steps and in haste. Continue to hope without despairing, but trusting in the Trinitarian Will. You are loved; therefore, I bring you words of eternal life calling you to conversion. Come! Enter the true path, the one that leads you to the encounter with our King and Lord Jesus Christ. I protect you; I bless you. Do not fall prey to fear. My heavenly legions keep you protected. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

June 23 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: receive from the Sacred Hearts blessing and fortitude for those who wish to accept them. A great part of humanity remains inert in the light of the calls of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. These calls will regain value in human memory when the events which have been enumerated unfold one after the other in front of humanity. Humanity's disobedience is the weapon of the devil with which he succeeds in making man rise up against the most Holy Trinity. In these times, disobedience will be almost total. Man does not wish to be subject to anything and proclaims his free will, leading him to sink into his vanity, pride and liberalism. I have to tell you that whoever does not change their works and actions in the direction of fraternity, will fall prey to darkness. Pride, selfishness, arrogance and superiority are small tentacles with which the devil is causing excessive damage and I, as prince of the armies of heaven, will not allow the people of my King and Lord Jesus Christ to be undermined. The Holy Spirit pours out his gifts and virtues on the humble so that they would preach the word, not on the proud so that they would exalt their free will. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the day of prayer that I requested of you has reached the paternal throne like precious incense. I must share with you that each day of prayer has been completely pleasing to God and has succeeded in attenuating to some extent the great earthquake that humanity is going to suffer. Without wishing to upset you, I must tell you that the coming events will occur one after another without respite. Earthquakes will be of greater intensity, causing the earth to lose its compact state and high mountains to collapse. People of our lord and king Jesus Christ, the country represented by the bear will react unexpectedly, causing the world to remain anxious, and making some countries react hastily. When you hear an unknown rumbling, do not leave your homes or places where you are; do not leave until you receive orders to move. If a strong and unknown glow appears, do not look at it; on the contrary, keep your head to the ground and do not look until the glow disappears, and do not move from the place where you are. Store food inside your homes, without forgetting water, blessed grapes, the sacramentals and what is necessary for the small altar that at a certain moment you were asked to prepare in your homes. Attention, beloved people of God, attention. Remain attentive to the persistence of evil that wants to make you fall. Do not succumb! I defend you with my sword. Do not fear. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

June 29 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people: I bless you with my Heart, I bless you with my Love. My people, you are my beloved children and I share my word with you so that you may prepare yourselves in the spirit. I desire that you convert and be fraternal; that is what I desire, that you be one heart united to that of my Mother. My people, at this moment, ask the Holy Spirit for discernment at every moment. Many human creatures, confused by the human ego that is filled with pride, wish to move away from where I have called them and it is not right. This moment is a time of prevention and at the same time a time of choice: prevention so that they do not go astray on other paths and of choice so that with my Holy Spirit they may be able to discern and stand firmly with me. They need to work in my vineyard so that, with my same love, they may wait for my Angel of Peace, who is in my house waiting for me to send him to my people. That is why no creature has ever seen him face to face. My Angel of Peace will arrive after the antichrist appears and I do not wish you to confuse him with him. My people, it is very important that you be cautious.... My Angel of Peace is neither Elijah nor Enoch, he is not an Archangel, he is my mirror of love to fill with my love every human creature who needs it. The devil has left very few of his own in hell. Most are on earth, doing his work against souls, his war is spiritual against those who remain with me. The war is spiritual, but at the same time it harms them, elevating and sickening their human ego, making them feel proud, arrogant, that they know everything, that they are indispensable where they are so that their brothers admire them and that is not good. When you are not humble, the devil declares himself the winner. My people, listen to me! It is important for you to sow humility in your hearts so that your minds and thoughts may speak of what you carry within. This is the era of the third Fiat, the era where evil is in battle against my Mother's children. The fire of ungodliness advances, the powers go on to show their power and their fury against the little ones, whom my beloved St. Michael the Archangel will defend. My children must remain prepared to face the famine that already lingers over humanity. Shortages will be severe, the climate in some countries will be extremely hot and in others extremely cold. Nature rebels against the sin of the human creature. The climate will constantly vary and the elements will rush against human creatures. Prepare yourselves! The soul must be a lamp that illuminates in the face of the darkness that the earth will suffer for a few hours. Without fear, trusting in my protection, continue to comply with all that I ask of you so that you may be victorious. Without fear! I am your god. I carry you in my Sacred Heart and you are my great treasure. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

July 09 2022 - Archangel Michael 
I come in the name of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. I am sent to give you the word of our King. Mankind will know what the spiritual battle is and will regret not having believed. My angelic legions are over all human creatures to assist, help and guard them if they ask us to do so. At this moment human creatures do not see, do not hear, do not believe.... The mind is occupied in the mundane and the heart has been usurped by idols, fanaticisms and mainly by the conceited 'ego' that they possess. They do not love life, the sacred gift of God for humanity. One or the other will be astonished by the continuous atmospheric phenomena that will increase all over the earth. The bear awakens fierce, without being expected by the rest of humanity; he will give a thrust and a crown will roll. One and another sign is received by mankind and unheeded it continues in its pleasures until it rains fire from heaven and understands that the warnings are not in vain. God's people, it seems that you continue to live as usual, but this is not so. Be prepared! I will ask you again and again, to the point of exhaustion... The horsemen of the apocalypse sweep across heaven and their roar is heard all over the earth. Human creatures do not know what it is, but listen to them without knowing where the trumpet sounds come from. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Canada will be scourged. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, London will be attacked with desires to conquer you. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, Brazil will be scourged by the rains heavily before it becomes a land of provision. Pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, Argentina will taste the gall of pain. Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, famine advances mercilessly, war widens, disease runs over the earth and soon reaches my beloved children. The people of God will migrate to South America, will migrate to Central America in search of a place to dwell in the midst of war. Beloveds of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Humanity will go out of control... And out of the church come new rules; some approve, some do not. The schism is drawing nearer and nearer. Creation is the home of human creatures and they must restore it to the order in which it was created. The animal kingdom, the vegetable kingdom and the mineral kingdom need their home to be restored as God created it. You people of our King and Lord must not fear, on the contrary, faith must abound in each one of you. My celestial legions will come to your aid. You are children of the creator of heaven and earth... Do not forget it! Call upon our Queen and Mother: hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Have a blessed palm, do not forget it. I bless you with my heavenly legions. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

July 12 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I charge you to pray, each of you individually, because each person knows what to ask and what to give. Beloved people of my Son, the days are shortening and my true children are becoming fewer and fewer. Man feels that he is God and has taken power over man himself in order to destroy himself. Human beings will commit very grave sin. Children, you know about so much that is already upon humanity, and yet you do not change... Children, so much has been made known to you, not in order to terrify you, but so that you would prepare spiritually, and yet you do not change... Only those who remain in my Son will retain their sanity regarding what has been taken for a personal god: money. Having clung to the god of the world, you will feel lost without economic support. Faced with the fall of the economy, people will turn to what is offered to you and will fall into the hands of the antichrist. The microchip in the bodies of my children is the seal for being be able to buy and sell, in exchange for losing eternal life, in order to feel that material security to which you are so accustomed. Do not lose your soul! How my Son grieves because of it! How my Son grieves! People of my Son, once the microchip is implanted in you, they will dominate your minds, ruling over you so that you would work and act as the power of evil commands you. My Son does not offer power on earth and does not offer domination over your brothers and sisters... My Son shed his blood for each one of you, he redeemed you from sin and gave you eternal life for those who desire it. Children of my Heart, the earth will shake forcefully; the wind will blow as it has never blown before and ice with fall in the midst of the heat of the tropics... The moon is tinged with red and the signs will not stop, neither in the firmament nor on earth, and yet the people of my Son continue to be blindfolded, immersed in banality, without opening their eyes. My children lose their faith at the slightest word they do not like to hear or read, but whatever offers spiritual independence reinforces them. They submit to the devil so passively that they do not discern what an event means on the path of the plans about which this mother has spoken in advance. My Son's Church is shrinking and only those who discern what is to come will know what is happening with each event. Pray and pray, discern, prepare, bend your knees. My maternal heart is open to receive you: come, enter into my heart and I will lead you to my Divine Son. I love you; I bless you; I protect you. Do not be afraid. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

July 18 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people, receive my blessing. I bless your spiritual body, your physical body and all of your organs.... I bless family ties... I bless respect, unity and truth.... I bless charity and honesty.... I bless the parents and the children... I bless every home... I bless the mind and the thought.... I bless every word so that everything that comes to you and goes out from you may be for the good of the soul and for your salvation. You are free my children, free to serve in my vineyard, free to love me and to love my most holy Mother. You have free will so that each one may decide whether or not to follow me. Within that freedom, each one possesses the gift of discernment by which each one in particular knows that in order to stand firm in the spiritual life he must know the foundations that make the structure strong and firm. The foundations of my house are written with the Love of my Father, with my blood and with my Holy Spirit. I have stayed with my children to nourish them and to walk my path; I have given them my Mother so that they may love her and the divine aids so that they may not remain alone. My children are recognized by their love for their neighbour, by their fraternity among themselves, that is the sign that they are my children. My people, the spiritual battle is getting hotter, the power of evil has released its rider on humanity bringing the scourges of nature, famine, disease and the fall of the economy advancing from country to country, with the purpose of bringing forth wrath in my children so that they may be aggressors and thieves. You continue not to understand, my beloved people, that the human creature who lives far from me is prey to evil. Those who are weak in not receiving me, those who do not amend their way of sin, of pride, of disobedience, of concupiscence, are in grave danger of falling prey to evil, of becoming the servants of evil and of condemning themselves. Pride, the great evil of man, at this very moment is a great danger for the soul, because it opens the doors more than before to Satan. You must live each moment in order to grow spiritually, not so that evil may lead you away from me. Spiritual life my children is not static, you must constantly call upon me so that I may work and act in and with you. I am not a stranger, 'I am your God' and I love you, I seek you in every way so that you may come to me, I do not wish you to be lost. Heed my calls, do not let them pass you by. If you would see how much you are approaching, you would change right now, without hesitation. My people are hard and that is why they live such great trials. A new virus appears... I call you to use the plant called fumaria officinalis l. In its stems, flowers and leaves, marigold for the skin, and garlic. Without fear trust in my love for my people, I have already mentioned to you that humanity will change, the war expands. My children, I warn you to come closer to me and to initiate conversion. Invite me to remain in you, so that you turn away from sin. Each one of you is my great treasure.... Call me and do not separate yourselves from me. I love you, enter into my heart. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

July 24 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved people of my Son, beloved children, I draw near to each of my own to offer you my hands at this moment of blindness, when the evil oppressor of souls has sent his emissaries to blindfold as many as possible. Maintain your constant practice of God’s Law, of the sacraments, of the beatitudes and other pious goals. Not giving the enemy respite, my Son’s people must constantly grow in the spiritual life in order to go deeper and to be more closely united to my divine son. Practice the corporal and spiritual works of mercy so that you would aspire to the good and not fall prey to those who wish to blindfold you so that you would not fulfil them, would not act in the good and so that your hearts would be hardened. Be assured that every act of love for your neighbour and for love of God is a wellspring of blessings for you, even if you do not ask for them. My children are those who within themselves recognize that they are sinners, who are humble, meek of heart and who deeply love my divine son above all else. Children, fight evil with good - it is the good that should flourish in you at this time; even if you are viewed with indifference and rejection, this leads you to become more like my Divine Son. People of my Son, war is progressing and humanity does not see it…. Pray, people of my Son: war is positioning itself to pounce forcefully and unexpectedly. Pray, people of my Son, pray: a new plague will be the cry of the powerful. Homes will again become shelters for their inhabitants and borders will be closed. Pray, people of my Son, pray; you will be offered the mark when you are hungry. Refuse! Children, nature will be modified by the powers in their struggle for supremacy: some will modify the climate and others the tectonic faults. Not everything that happens is the work of nature. Remain attentive: do not forget that the sun is doing damage to the earth, exacerbating suffering. Pray, a powerful person will fall in a political betrayal; he will be killed and there will be chaos on earth. People of my Son, communism is advancing and world hunger is one of its great weapons. The church of my Son is in shadow…. My Son’s church is undergoing persecution in small countries, which will later progress to the great nations. Do not lose faith; continue being faithful to my Divine Son. You are heading towards the purification and some of my children are becoming tired and overwhelmed by the wait, and yet they continue in constant expectation, as in the depths of their hearts they hear: 'you must bear fruit for eternal life”. I am the mother of humanity and I suffer because of the foolishness of so many of my children who, having been called to be lighted lamps, have become conceited and do not illuminate their surroundings, becoming mixed with the things of the world. Children, come to me and walk towards the true way, led by my hand. Come to me and I will lead you to my divine son. Give me your hands without fear and be ready to walk without looking sideways, but only towards my Son. I bless you, beloved children; do not fear. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

July 30 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people, I love you; I guide you and gather you as a shepherd of souls. Beloved people of my heart: I come with my love to bless you and offer you my cross of glory and majesty. My children, I continue to suffer for each one of you, I see you moving further and further away from my fold submerged in false doctrines because you do not recognize me. My people accept what is sinful, false and shameful; they accept what is wrong and become familiar with evil. I call them to conversion! It is the exact moment for them not to be guided by their own interests, but by those of my house. It is the time of the signs that anticipate the warning and my people continue without examining themselves, without going within themselves and without looking at themselves without masks. My children act outside of my love. Far from the actions and actions of a true Christian, they allow themselves to be attracted by those who, knowing me, despise me and seek their own interests and not mine. Human miseries have led them to taste the sinful, loving earthly power, going so far as to submerge my church in darkness and silencing the altars of the eucharistic sacrifice with a sledgehammer. Oh, moment of pain! I suffer over and over again.... And my blinded people look at themselves, despise humility and with great pride feed their conceited and spoiled 'ego'. I have given you so much, children! So much have you lost through sober by until, without finding contentment or spiritual fulfilment, you prostrate yourselves again before me, so that I may free you from so much gangrene that you have let fall upon what is mine! Pray my people, pray, pray, my justice arrives for what is my property. Pray my people, pray the city of lights is extinguished, the noise is silenced and my children cry out. Pray my people, pray for Argentina, it suffers before the astonished humanity. Pray, my people, pray, nature acts with greater force. My enemies rise against my children. Without fear continue with faith, my angelic legions will make the oppressors flee. My people, human pride and foolishness must be banished in preparation for putting to fight the detainers that live within each of you. Surrender yourselves to me without human resistance, thus I will be all in you and you will be my contentment. Hurry children, get rid of so many rags that prevent you from walking towards me.... Be love, fraternity, charity, forgiveness, hope and each one of you be the support of your brother. Fulfil the commandments, love the sacraments, be reconciled with me and receive me with love for those who do not love me. This is how you will be my contentment; this is how my children work and act in order to taste my love and for my love to be in you a sign of my presence. I bless you and strengthen you. My people, without fear, continue to hold my hand and the hand of my mother. My heart beats for each one of you. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

August 07 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people, with my love I bless you constantly and I call you to love me so that you may live in my Love and give love to your brothers. Without love you are like dry trees that do not bear fruit, their leaves fall off and they do not bear fruit. So is he who refuses my love, he is like the dry tree. Therefore, I call you to conversion and to ask my holy spirit for the gift of love so that you may be that crystalline water, that fruit which is a testimony of those who work and act in my will. My children, the gift of life must be a constant act of gratitude to me and therefore you must refuse to offend me. My children, looking at the daily events in which the tentacles of evil advance, among them with great firmness: war, persecution of my people and disease, you must change your actions and cooperate in the plan of salvation which is that all my children be saved. How do they cooperate? By being lovers of my will, you will find joy in being my children, even if you face whatever comes your way. My will is that all be saved, instead my children move away from me more and more without interest, without believing in what I tell them until they will face events without having decided to grow spiritually, without obeying me and without deciding to enter into sacred scripture to know me. This generation mocks me, my Mother, my cross and my consecrated ones who work and act in my will. This generation does not understand the moment in which it lives because it does not love me and does not believe. This generation rejects my peace, is content to submerge itself in what causes confrontations, rebellions, conflicts and strife because this is the environment in which Satan finds himself and envelops them in all that noise that does not allow peace, love, tranquillity, discernment, donation and my love to reign in the interior of my children. Therefore, exposed to the inclemencies of evil, they walk on wrong paths that lead them to be unbelievers, to not love their neighbour, to taste pride and vainglory looking at their brothers so small, who do not take them into account. My beloved people, how proudly they live! How much pride they carry with them and for that reason they do not obey me! I have entrusted so many of my people to work in my vineyard and they do not accept or despise me again and again, leading me to knock on other doors where humility and love for me reigns. I offer myself and am despised... I knock at the door of my children's hearts and I must withdraw without being attended to until they need me on behalf of the human creature and when in need, they look for me. My people, make haste, come to my Heart! Humanity has become indifferent to its own brethren and reacts violently to the slightest problem. Humanity is burning with intolerance, with lack of love and Satan is taking advantage of this to graft onto you his poison which multiplies this indifference, this mockery and this violence. Be converted, do not be afraid of conversion! Thus, you will find peace and you will look at all that happens without fear with the certainty that I am with my people. The war is dispersed in various hotbeds of tension. This is the strategy of the powers to attack without warning, without being seen. Food and medicine are becoming more expensive all over the earth. The powerful nations believe they possess what the rest of humanity will lack and they do not. The great nations have been plundered before. My people, you hear the roar of war in the Balkans, treachery and death comes to these lands. The struggles now and hereafter will be for water, which will become too scarce. The human creature has despised it and the high temperatures evaporate it. Pray for India my children, it suffers from encroachment and nature. Pray my children, pray, Argentina falls and her people rebel. Pray my children, pray for Chile suffers from nature. Pray my children, Indonesia shudders and is reduced by water. Pray my children, pray for America and Russia, they spread conflicts. My beloved people, wake up, it is necessary for you to be cautious, without warning the fights flare up and my children will be strangers in foreign lands. Be cautious. Pray, prayer with the heart is necessary. I protect you; I ask you to convert, I bless you. Each of my children must reason. Do not fear my people, increase your faith. Do not fear, I am with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

August 11 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, you are my great treasure and my heart beats fast with love for each one of you. Like the river that follows its course and flows at some point to its mouth, so each of you, children, have been created by the eternal father to be co-heirs with my Son of eternal life. My Son's people, the worldly contaminates you constantly, therefore you must continually strengthen yourselves with the Sacred Scriptures, going to the sacrament of reconciliation and going to receive my Divine Son in the eucharistic sacrament. At this time mankind is preoccupied with the care of the physical body, leaving aside the care of the spirit. They worship the physical body so much and have left my Son aside, they have banished him, they despise him: They do not know him and they do not love him.... They fabricate a personal relationship, without the consent of my Son, separating themselves from the Church.... They fabricate their own spirituality and in their own way, they fabricate a personal relationship with my Divine Son to hide the rebellion and pride that some of my children hide. The human creature must be fraternal and live in community, as my Son commands. Fraternity would achieve less strife, envy, discord, selfishness, less desire for appropriation by the great powers and there would be less fighting. Children, it is human foolishness that at this moment is leading all mankind to fall into the precipice of oblivion; yes, the oblivion that is leading mankind to where it will not be able to stop the war. The advanced arms race is at this moment the major objective of the powers and the possession of armaments is the objective of some small nations, which are satellites of communism and at this moment are preparing to be delegates of communism in their regions. Just as other powers embrace a number of countries and provide them with armaments for the supposed purpose of defines in countries that do not possess weapons. My Divine Son condemns both positions. The present war generates a great disaster and will generate the great disaster of humanity and of the earth, leaving it inert. This is how a great part of my children live, with their hearts empty of God, in total aridity, being aimless wanderers in an agonizing state and refusing to be healed. Thus, those who do not convert even at the last moment, will be copies of the devastation in which the earth will be left, after the determination of some power to initiate the devastation of humanity by launching weapons from hell itself. My Son's people must not be complicit in these acts so condemned by my Divine Son. Pray my children, pray, self-interests of nations generated the war and continue to generate it. Pray my children, pray, do not see nature manifesting its unseen strength as a preamble to what is to come. Pray my children, pray, you are children of the same father, do not ignore the suffering of your brothers and sisters at this time. Pray my children, pray, the church of my Son is deceived, without losing faith continue. Pray my children, pray, one nation and another is involved in war. Beloved children of my heart be doers of the Father's Will, nothing is yours, everything is God's. Scarcity increases, what you possess you will crave as the moment passes. You are astonished to know how nations that seem neutral maintain commitments with powers that, taking advantage of the territory of those countries, control their opponents in war. The folly of man increases the danger of human destruction and the destruction of nature. How the Heart of my Divine Son aches! How is my Son wounded again and again with the disobedience of his children and the obsession to lead all nations together with the antichrist and the powerful of the world! Mankind suffers and will suffer. Each country will protect itself by protecting its borders and almost no country will protect the spiritual salvation of its people. A bomb was detonated... The consequences are not long in coming, without being indifferent, be cautious. From one moment to the next mankind will be plunged into the dreaded third world war. My children, prepare yourselves, keep in prayer for your brothers, who with the passing of time, will go out to the countries of south America to be welcomed. My children, live increasing your inner peace so that the devil does not use you as creatures of scourge for your brothers. It is not enough to appear to be good, you must act and act as my Son commands you and live being witnesses of love, charity, forgiveness, hope and faith. Without fear, always seek the good, give testimony of my Son's love, be creatures of good and preach before you cannot do it. Pray and protect the elderly, give them love in the families and be lamps that light their way. This is the moment. Without fear for what is happening and will happen, surrender to the Holy Trinity that his children will not be abandoned. Let me guide you on the right path, come to me and be meek, be humble and be those children confident that you will never be abandoned. Do not fear: 'am I not here who am your Mother'. My beloved children, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.
 
August 15 2022 - Archangel Michael 
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, as prince of the heavenly host and defender of the mystical body of Christ, I bring you this true and certain word. This people are blessed to have so exalted a Queen, given and received as a Mother at the foot of the Cross. The church on earth celebrates this feast of the assumption of our Queen and Mother with reverence and love. In heaven the hail Mary is heard everywhere as a sign of the love that she who is the Queen and Mother of heaven and earth deserves. She is the Mother of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and Queen and Mother of humanity, she who is the Tabernacle of her Son on earth and sacred fecundity. Divine design decreed that the Sacred Body of the Mother of the word should be assumed into heaven in the hands of the angels, so that the things of earth would not touch her, even at the final moment of her earthly life. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: This loving surrender, this constant 'yes' to the father’s will is what human creatures should possess as filial souls of this most holy Mother, shining like her like the rays of the sun, emanating light towards their brothers and sisters, eradicating the darkness that is advancing upon humanity as evil approaches, anticipating the arrival of the antichrist. And with that arrival you will see conflict in all aspects of human life: a struggle that is mainly a spiritual one, even though those who are the most unbelieving deny it. As the envoy of the most Holy Trinity I affirm that this war is spiritual, even if they are masking it under different guises. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, evil cannot survive when faced by light, which is why, as we approach the climax of the great purification, the struggle is between good and evil, light against darkness. It is divine light that spreads over human beings as the divine sun illuminates all creation. This is the light which always triumphs, although unworthy humanity must purify itself before it reaches the fullness of the divine light. Discern, humanity, faced with those who are scourging your brothers and sisters! Do not be indifferent to the pain of your neighbour. The power that evil has given to some of the powerful who have long since surrendered to its evil tentacles, is tearing the mystical body apart, causing it to suffer the betrayal of some weak members of the mystical body of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and causing it to have new solitary martyrs, but who are not abandoned by Christ, head of the mystical body. How many faithful instruments will the church have at the crucial moment of purification? People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, children of our Queen and Mother: having planned this time that humanity is experiencing, the masonic leaders will not rest until they succeed in involving more and more countries in this war; they will leap out before the eyes of humanity. Pray, people of God, pray for Latin America: weapons are coming, the peoples will be inflamed. Pray, people of God, pray: you will continue to be astonished at the power of nature. Pray, people of God, pray: the shaking of the earth will continue to increase and humanity will suffer. Pray, people of God, pray: the monument to liberty will fall into the sea. Children of God, I call you to examine yourselves internally. You must be fraternal - you must not only respect each other's differences, but be humble in order to forgive one another day by day. Each person must recognize their weaknesses through a deep inner work, and by requesting divine assistance you will overcome them if the creature possesses humility. Pray, pray, receive the Eucharistic Food and humbly enter into what fraternity should be for you. You are the marching column, children of God - the column that does not stop, but strengthens itself in order to continue without faltering. The people of our Queen and Mother should not fear what has been announced, nor the progression of the fulfilment of the prophecies, but they should fear offending the most Holy Trinity, should fear falling into disobedience regarding God’s Law, should fear rivalries and should fear offending their brothers and sisters. Wake up, do not sleep! Offenses are increasing in line with the increase in the lack of charity towards one’s neighbour, and also due to the advance of evil. Wake up from the lethargy in which you are living! Evil takes advantage of those who are asleep in order to take hold of them and to cause discord among the people of God. Remain attentive to alliances between countries: this is an alert for humanity. Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, do not wait for heaven to reveal to you details of what it allows you to know so that you may prepare, as humanity could fall into chaos before the fulfilment of the prophecies arrives. Signs and signals mark the pace of what has been announced. Be prepared, convert and remain on alert! You are children of God and my legions protect you: do not despair. As the ants gather food for the winter, so you should gather for the winter. If you do not have enough for storage, increase your faith and my legions will provide for you by divine order. People of the Sacred Hearts, do not fear and remain firm in the faith. My legions protect you. Receive my blessing. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

August 22 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved children, receive my blessing from my most Sacred Heart. You are my people... Whom I love and desire to rescue. My beloved people, I invite you to come with me. Just as the river is a single flow and all the tributaries that derive from the main river carry the same water giving life to all that is beside it, so my children must give what they carry inside: love for me and take it to their brothers and sisters every moment of their lives. Without fear, be tireless and continue on the sure path that leads you to me. The personal encounter with me is a primordial need for each of my children. My children, do not disperse, keep yourselves in unity. Events mark the course of what is to come. You must keep in mind that several events can happen in one day and thus shorten the line of the moment. Prepare for the Warning, examine yourselves inwardly, be humble, fulfil what I call you to fulfil and accept my word with love. The advance of the war continues, that war that you do not see, that war that has awakened the moment of the great blackout, that war that will soon bring down the world economy, that war that has been planned and directed by the interests of the elite and that will then go out to impose its laws, its government, its economy, its religion and its education on the peoples. Pray my children, pray for Central America, the suffering comes with the shaking of the earth. Pray children, pray, pray, the new disease is very serious and contagious to the point of being deadly. Protect your immune system and have the calendula cream and moringa ready for them to take. Pray children, pray the Vatican marks the approaching moment. Italy, how much you will suffer! France, how I grieve for this beloved country! My beloved, my people, the volcanoes enter into greater activity, the intensity is strong and my children suffer. My people, the convulsion is growing. See how much humanity is agitated, motivated by evil and creating conflicts. See how my people suffer as they cling to false man-made gods. Children, a leader holds world aspirations to preside over the one government and for this reason a great and strong battle will be fought. My house is compromised... My children feel desperate, yet it is not so, 'I am that I am' and I do not leave them alone. Attentive, my children, attentive! Do not fall prey to fear, be discerning, do not anticipate the variants of illnesses, it is not necessary to hurry. Have firm faith. My love is for each of you. My children, you are at a time when the devil is pouncing against my people. You will suffer, but you will never be defeated because I am with my people. I bless you; my love is powerful. Love my Mother without fear. My blessing is in each one. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

August 28 2022 - Archangel Michael 
People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: As prince of the heavenly legions, I bless you. My sword, given by God the Father, upholds the love of God to defend human creatures from all evil and to heal their body and soul. I am defender of God's people and I fight against darkness to bring light to mankind. I am pleased with your prayers and that you address prayers to me, but as the people of God, you must be fulfillers of the divine will in your daily work and actions, maintaining at all times or circumstances the balance, sobriety, equanimity and charity of the true child of God. I listen to various prayers during the day and some in the evening, but if they do not fulfil the Will of God, they are far from making me happy. I do not desire glamorous altars, but small altars in homes and great doers of the divine will in each one of you. I must mention to you that he who claims to be devoted to me must keep as his staff the love of God and of his neighbour as himself. Understand that all that is developing at this moment in the creation reaches the man of God in particular. If this creature of God has a hardened heart and a polluted mind, everything that comes into view in creation is detrimental to his spiritual work and actions. The designs of God are being fulfilled little by little and several revelations will be fulfilled with lightning speed. The human creature has been a contributor in altering the designs of God and this is the moment of fulfilment. The waters surge in great flows without control in the populations, the air blows with intensity causing damages, the fire arrives without being expected and together with the air they lead to burn everything in their path, the earth collapses in several places... Animals surprise the human creature with their behaviour... Birds die in the air contaminated by toxic substances that man himself places to be transported through the air leading the birds to fall lifeless in the cities. Be cautious and do not touch them. Marine animals come out of the sea or rivers in surprising numbers because the deep layers of the earth move causing marine animals to instinctively want to come out to save themselves. In the prairies, animals die in large numbers. People of God, what a power will use in war is being tested from on high. It is the commotion of creation. It is the commotion of the human creature that Satan takes advantage of to throw his darts of poison at those who deny the faith or mock the faith and at those who remain in a state of anger or spiritual foolishness. Those darts lead them to be inaccessible creatures, they lose charity, sensibility and their 'ego' grows without measure until they are lost; unless they submit to prayer and fasting so that the poison comes out of them and humility brings them closer to God. The onslaught of the devil against the human creature leads to prompt rebellions in the countries and the uprisings do not wait, although the repression is immediate. Communism has taken over the governments and the elite appoint them, leading the poor to be poorer, the middle class falls into poverty and the big capitalists see their status vanished if they refuse to implant the seal of evil. Do not lose faith, pray the holy rosary. So many wishes to approach great places of Marian apparitions without contemplating that they may be left somewhere along the way; but God in his infinite mercy has decreed that, in Marian shrines all over the world, his children will be blessed with the miracle and in some places far away from the main cities, the Holy Trinity will bless them as well. In all these sanctuaries water will gush forth to heal the sick in body and soul. People of God, do not despair, keep the faith firm and immovable. You are being tested. Calm your minds, help one another and you will not be disappointed. Do not fear, my legions fight with a weapon before which the devil is enraged: it is the weapon of love. People of God, my sword is given by God and signifies the Will of God and his power in the face of evil. I will defend you and fight for you by Divine Order. Without fear, increase the faith. I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

September 04 2022 - Archangel Michael 
People of our King, my faithfulness and my love for God led me to unite the angels to defend the Paternal Throne from the pride of Lucifer, who rose up against God together with other angels. It was a war in heaven against the devil and Lucifer had already lost his beauty by filling himself with pride and envy. Do not rest day or night because the devil does not rest. The struggle between good and evil is constant. At this moment we fight for the salvation of souls against the devil, who wants to take them to the lake of fire. The children of our Lord and King Jesus Christ cannot be passive, but combative, if necessary, against themselves, so that they do not fall into pride and sin. The pride of the devil caused him to be expelled from heaven together with his angels of wickedness and they were sent to earth. The devil has a motto: all for me, I live for me above all and everything. Therefore, I call you, people of God, to give everything for God, to live for God, loving god and your neighbour. Humanity is heading towards the abyss.... Humanity is heading towards confrontation.... Humanity is heading towards spiritual and physical starvation... humanity is heading towards the collapse of the economy... humanity is going towards the appropriation of the antichrist on those who receive him as owner of the earth and place his mark on themselves. Without believing what I mention to you, you laugh at the messages from heaven, yet prepare yourselves before you mourn. Confess your sins before darkness finds you in a state of sin. Great injustices will be carried out before your eyes and you will feel powerless, but Divine Justice is with the people of God and upon the people of God. Resist, you are not alone. People of God pray, do not tire of praying with your hearts. People of God pray and make reparation for the grave offenses of humanity against the Holy Trinity. People of God pray, the earth trembles with more strength: pray for Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Central America, Ecuador and Japan. People of God pray, the new plague arrives: the skin and respiratory system will be affected. The sun strongly impacts the earth with a solar storm, leaving the earth in darkness and humanity is silenced, and at the same time shaken. The human creature will light itself at nightfall with what it has prepared for this purpose. At night do not leave home, pray in family or alone, but pray. You are as in the time of Noah... You believe and prepare yourselves, even if you mock. You are already at that time! The earth is spinning, human time has accelerated and you, people of God, must stop and examine yourselves. I meet with my heavenly legions by Divine mandate to assist you in this time of transition. Have faith in the Holy Trinity, in our Queen and Mother and in our protection. You find yourselves before the Divine Help deserved by the obedient child, the child of faith and the humble child. The sacramentals must be blessed, it is necessary if they possess faith in them. My legions obey the Divine Will that desires good for his children. I bless them. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

September 09 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children: I keep you hidden in every beat of my heart. Receive my blessings together with my constant assistance for the needs of each one of you and what you face on your daily walk. You are the people whom I received at the foot of the Cross of Glory and Majesty. Some of those children have gone and are going away from this people whom my Son gave me: they live in debauchery and have joined the hordes of the devil. My Divine Son suffers because of this and I call them to conversion. Children: The elite are gaining in strength! The changes will not be long in coming; they are spreading throughout humanity and are not for the good of my children, nor for the good of their spiritual lives. Children: I call you to remain on alert! Stay within the true magisterium so that you would not stray from my Son. Do not stray from the commandments, and be children who observe god’s law. My children: Remain on alert! Remain on alert in every respect, for there are several centres of armed conflict on earth, which will go from words to deeds. Humanity is living in danger due to modern armaments and arms unknown to humanity. Remain on alert! Look up: a heavenly body is approaching. Pray, my children, pray for China and Taiwan. Pray, my children, pray for Russia and Ukraine; pray, children - it is necessary. Pray, my children, pray for the United States: nature will make her suffer before men do. Pray, my children, pray for Argentina, communism has entered into this nation. My Son's people are not aware that with conversion and prayer great battles are won. The mediocre faith of some of my children prevents them from opening their hearts to my Son. At this moment I find people who are true refuges of consolation for my Son in the face of the sacrileges, offenses and acts of contempt committed against my Son. My children: Are you looking for refuges? Do you want to reach a physical refuge for the most crucial times? Firstly be refuges where my Son rests and finds contentment at this time and in times to come. Be love. Be doers of God's will. I love you and protect you. Do not fear, children, do not fear. I am with each one of you. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

September 15 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people: I love you; I bless you. You are the apple of my eye. I come in search of the conversion of my children.... I come before each one of you as a beggar of love and looking into your eyes, I desire to look into the eyes of the one who will deny me... Open the door of the human will to me so that I may help them to transform themselves! Children, who will open the door of the heart so that they may be worthy shelters of mine? A change of life is necessary for you to be able to be directed by my angels to the physical shelters that are found all over the earth, where you will have to live in total fraternity. Our Sacred Hearts are a refuge for my people where faith, hope, charity, firmness and love are multiplied so that my people continue in the midst of what is strong and surprising for humanity at the time of the Great Tribulation. My people, the nefarious advance of scientific intelligence used to destroy man himself by means of nuclear energy was and is the sentence of those powers. The gift of life given by my Father to man is the greatest gift and it is not for the disposal of the human creature. Humanity lives in war and in constant danger before the arrogance and unconsciousness of those who lead governments. They wish to stop the war, but my children continue to suffer as innocents. Those who serve the devil have greater interests and will not allow the cessation of the war, even if to do so they take the lives of their own people in order to raise the rest of the nations against the nation they point out. This is how they lead humanity: like sheep to the slaughter, they lead them to suffer and they open my side again with the spear of pride. My people, beloved my people, without stopping, listen to me: Prepare yourselves with all that is possible. Whoever is unable to prepare himself, I will see to it that he is provided with the means to survive. Get ready now! Without delay... Look at the sun as it rushes upon the earth bringing strong events upon the planet and upon my children. Some volcanoes, feared by my children, will begin to erupt. The earth will shake more strongly, the heat and cold will become extreme. Convert! Cease rivalries and strife in those who claim to stand by me. Be more mine than the devil's, you cannot serve two masters, be my children. Prayers please me if they are sincere, if they are proclaimed by repentant children desirous of growing spiritually in order to merge with the Divine Will. Do not worry about what happens to you, worry if trials do not come to you. Trials are a sign that you are walking towards me. Pray my children, pray, the crown in England is news with urgency, the people’s desire independence. Pray my children, pray for Central America is shaking. Chile, France and Italy are shaken. Pray my children, pray, the great corporations that produce food for mankind are declining, the direction of food is diverted. Pray my children, pray, the elite grows stronger and the economy declines; they steer mankind towards their goals. They shall return to unleavened bread and feed themselves meagrely. Keep water collected. Be human creatures of firm faith and attentive. Live attentively so that you will not be deceived. Pray the holy rosary and receive me in my Body and Blood in the Eucharist properly prepared. Be experts in love. Prepare for the warning my children, be aware that you will be confronted with your actions and deeds. Repent! My people: In the face of discouragement, uncertainty and fear that you may possess, be creatures of faith in my love for my children. I will not give you stones for bread. Do not fear, my Mother protects you, do not fear. I remain with each one of you. I bless you and I send you my angels to go before you and open the way for you. I bless you, my children. May my peace inundate you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

September 21 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: Receive my blessing joined with my desire that all may come to the knowledge of truth. As children of God, you possess the capacity to ask the Divine Spirit for the gift of wisdom, so that you may understand what favours you in God's project and what harms you in god's plan in each one of you. The Divine Spirit prepares you so that you may decide to convert, maintaining the charity that leads you to love your neighbour. Keep very much in mind what my Divine Son said: 'but when you are delivered up, do not worry about how or what you will speak. What you have to speak will be communicated to you at that moment. For it is not you who will speak, but the Spirit of your Father who will speak in you.' My beloved children: The Christian’s life must be Christocentric.... I am his Mother, but my Son is God: the centre of life. The true Christian bases his faith, he does not follow my Son by tradition, but because he knows him and loves him in spirit and truth. The Christian quenches his thirst in the knowledge of Divine Love for humanity, in the knowledge of the Law of God, in the knowledge of the sacraments and the works of mercy, he loves to delve into sacred scripture and knows that God is Love and Justice at the same time. The true Christian makes his life a constant practice of all that is duty, charity, obedience, respect, humility, tolerance; and whatever he must do to be in the manner of my Divine Son. Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: Remain in spiritual alert so that you are not confused, be careful when speaking so that you don't sin. Each one knows himself and knows what he must change, how his work and actions are. Do it quickly! My Son knows everything and you must not delay. Be attentive children, the tension increases! Those who lead nations speak of nuclear energy as if they speak of protecting the gift of life. For some who are leaders or representatives of nations, talking about the use of nuclear energy is a matter of course. How those who cause pain to my Divine Son with this weapon from hell itself which acts against the gift of life will suffer! Keep the necessary serenity and faith without deserting. Without fear continue to know that my Son remains with his people, that St. Michael the Archangel defends you and that I protect you without rest. Pray my children, pray, the earth is shaking strongly leading to volcanoes becoming active and my children suffering. Pray my children, pray, in the depths of the earth, it has fractured by the movement of tectonic faults, accelerating the continuity of earthquakes. Pray my children, pray, the earth is in danger, the sun emanates strong solar winds affecting the means of communication. Children, stop and look at how at this moment the water is rushing over the earth, the sun is emanating its heat with greater force, the fire is spreading in various countries, the air is blowing stronger and the earth continues to sink in various places... These are signs of how much is going to happen. As Mother of humanity, I must constantly warn my children of how much pain it can cause them.... I keep looking at you, protecting you and interceding for you before my Divine Son to lessen some events of nature. Some of my children who inhabit the earth will move especially to South America in search of protection. In view of this, you must know that the lands of blessing must be purified beforehand. Be children of adoration before the blessed sacrament of the altar. My Divine Son hears the prayers offered with contrite hearts and returns them in blessings for all mankind. Pray, offer, prepare, be a blessing to your brothers, give the best you have in your heart. Beloved children: The cation suffers and the believers weep and wait for what precede this dire sign. Without losing the faith, go forward, pray, repair, offer and be fulfillers of the Divine will. Be fraternal. I protect you; my mantle covers you so that you will not be seen. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

September 23 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved people of God: I protect you by Divine order with my heavenly legions, which are all on earth. Every human being is the joy or the sorrow of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. This is the awareness to which every human being is called. Analyse your works and actions, ask yourselves whether you are the joy or the sorrow of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. This war is spiritual. It is not for nothing - it is for souls, because the devil continually tempts them so that they would fall and thus be a cause of pain for our King and Lord Jesus Christ. You know full well that, being part of humanity, you are in grave danger of being participants in the third world war, and you must be aware of this so that you would change, starting from the language you use, your expressions and gestures, to your personal relationship with the most Holy Trinity, with our Queen and Mother, with your companions on the way, your guardian angels and with your brothers and sisters. All of this tips the balance in favour of or against the good. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: This is the moment when war goes from words to deeds and humanity’s suffering will begin with vehemence. The earth will shake forcefully; the earth’s core is magnetized by the sun, which lashes it with its solar flares. What the earth contains within it will come out of the centre of the earth via volcanoes, and the great volcanoes will cause unexpected eruptions. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, how many innocent people are preparing to die in war, compelled by those who lead them! How many human beings will go from having material possessions to being nomads, moving from country to country so as not to fall prey to war! How many will leave their countries so as not to be active participants in an army! It is the human being’s folly, together with ambition for power, that leads man to act immediately. I hear in heaven: 'woe, woe, woe to him who raises his hand first to give the order that nuclear energy be used. It would be better for that man not to have been born.' You will see a celestial body burning in the sky and approaching earth. Resist, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, resist. Continue to be attentive without falling into despair. The King of heaven and earth gives you his protection and that of his most holy Mother together with the angelic choirs. Onward without turning back! Hope and faith in the Divine Word do not allow you to falter. Without fear, without haste, continue with firm faith in the power of the most holy trinity. Be creatures of good. As the commander of the armies of heaven I bless those who take this call seriously. I promise you that one of my angels will remain next to you for the crucial moments. I bless you with my sword so that the human will would not lead you to fall into evil. I bless you, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

September 28 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: In adoration of the Holy Trinity, in honour and reparation for all human creatures, I come to you by Divine Order. I come to ask you for more dedication towards the most Holy Trinity so that prayers made 'in spirit and truth' acquire the necessary strength to touch souls, who at this moment need more than before to be touched by prayer made with the heart. I come to call you to consecrate yourselves to our Queen and Mother so that consecrated persons may be constant worshipers of the most holy sacrament of the altar. They need to be love towards their brothers: Respecting the life of others. Helping others with what they need, especially spiritually. Entering him on the path of eternal salvation based on the knowledge of the Holy Scripture so that they are fulfillers of the Law of God and what the law understands. Being fulfillers of the sacraments and of Divine Love, from where you receive the graces to continue. The human creature has not come to understand how in each action he performs, in each work he executes and with each thought, he is the generator of good or evil. The awareness that prayer must be 'prayed” and at the same time put into practice is indispensable at this time. The human creature that puts brotherhood aside enters the danger of being a stumbling block for his fellow men. Be aware that they are kept in the moment to repent and turn to God, pleasing him. Thus, the chains that bind them will be broken and they will be new creatures, converted and convinced. Who does not have faith, cannot preach. Who does not have hope, does not preach hope. Who is not charity, does not preach with charity. Who is not love, does not preach with love. The people of the holy trinity must know that prayer ends with the praxis of what they pray for so that it bears fruit of eternal life. Empty faith is dead and the human creature without love is an empty creature. Those who wish to become part of the people of God must be willing to rise, if necessary, over himself to be in the Divine Way and leave behind the rags of human foolishness so that they live in the constant practice of love for God's will. They have neglected the spiritual state, they have minimized it and they do not want to renew themselves or be possessors of a generous spirit. Materialism has invaded them so much that they do not distinguish when they act out of interest or out of love. Humanity will be informed of the dreaded nuclear bomb and then silence...  They will be informed of the downturn in the economy and food shortages. And the people of God have been converted? Are they a converted people? Humanity will suffer and suffering will be heard by all creation until the Divine hand stops what the human creature has done and they will feel the weight of the Divine hand and the sin they have committed against God. The earth burns and will burn… The human creature does not cry out to God, but does evil to his fellow man, revolts in the streets and makes of himself an unknown creature due to his aggressiveness. Pray people of God, pray for Italy and France, they suffer for nature. Pray people of God, pray, Argentina cries and in her lament looks at our Queen and Mother of Lujan as she is and has been offended. Pray people of God, pray for Spain, the people rise up and nature scourges them. Pray people of God, pray for Mexico, it shakes, its people suffer and cry. Beloved people of the Holy Trinity: Will the envoy arrive and will he recognize you? He will see so much tyranny in the human heart and suffer like Christ. He will feel the hypocrisy in the human creature and will call them all to him. Convert! I bless you with my sword. I protect you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

October 03 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, people of my most beloved Son: I love you; I hold you in my maternal heart so that in my heart you might adore the most Holy Trinity and give thanks for infinite Divine Mercy. People of my Son, this is the time for you to understand that your works and actions must be directed towards the good, setting aside spiritual mediocrity. At this time, human beings want to draw attention to their inner selves in order to stand out, without asking themselves or worrying whether excelling personally elevates them above their brothers and sisters, sometimes leaving them lying on the ground. As Mother I call you to conversion and not to personal interests, for the antichrist and his legions have knocked at the door of humanity and his wickedness has been accepted by the people of my Divine Son. You already feel crisis, you are already living in crisis; you have been through crises and emerged from them, but this crisis will not be overcome until my Divine Son intervenes. All creation has been changed by the hand of man, just as the human heart has changed. This is a time of the heightened influence of the evil one over a humanity that has been altered, that is dissatisfied, incomprehensible, estranged from God and unified in its thinking so as to blaspheme against the most Holy Trinity and against this Mother of humanity. My children, you are being unified in your thinking by means of the different electronic media used by the great powers and which you use in order to communicate. Pay attention, my children: World domination is upon humanity, exerting such a negative influence upon the minds of all, that you will come to work and behave very basely as human beings. People of my Son, entrust yourselves to my Divine Son; invite him to remain with you in all the works or actions of your daily lives; in this way you will remain protected by the most Holy Trinity, by the heavenly legions and by this Mother. The works and deeds of my Son's people must continually tend towards the good in order to hinder negative thoughts, because at this moment human beings are continually beset by negative thoughts that are being sent to them and which are not the fruit of human will. However, since humanity is opposed to my Son and is embracing what is worldly, you are easy prey for evil, which is continually tempting you. To free yourselves from temptation you must do good, think good, want good for yourselves and your brothers and sisters. Do not permit thoughts contrary to fraternity, contrary to love, to self-giving, to adoration towards the most Holy Trinity, to devotion towards all the heavenly choirs and to veneration towards this Mother. Remember, my children: You must subject yourselves to my Son and must continually ask him for the blood and water that flowed from his open side on the cross to be poured out upon you, in order that you would be bearers of good and so that the evil one with his wiles would not penetrate within you. Beloved people of my Son, walk rapidly towards him. Humanity is hanging by a thread and you must save your souls: save your souls! For you will be severely tested by those who wish to display the power of their weaponry over all humanity. Nonetheless, do not fear, my children: my Son will not give you stones for bread - my Son will bring down manna from heaven to sustain his children. Work and act within the good and you will receive the goodness and Divine Blessings necessary for you not to succumb when facing trials. I love you, my children, I cover you with my maternal mantle, I cover you with my love. Give me your hand, do not fear: I am my Son’s disciple and I want you to be so as well. I bless you with my love, I bless you with my yes to God. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

October 10 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My people, I love you... How much I love you! My people, you are loved by me. I come to examine you and to look at you in your actions.... Therefore, remain in conversion. So much rebellion of my people is the cause of the disasters on earth and yet some of my children do not want to look at what is happening? They are more foolish than foolishness itself! Until they find themselves drowning in lamentations, they will cry out to me. At this moment they do not wish to pray or visit me, they despise me, they live without needing me, humanity has thrown itself over the precipice and will reap the fruit of its foolishness, of its distance from my home. My people, blood is life, but the blood reflected in the moon is the announcement of the suffering of mankind. The blood moons have been seen as a spectacle and I must tell you that the past blood moons and the one you will see again presages the terrible suffering that humanity will face at this climactic moment. The red moon came dressed as a hunter, thus giving relevance to the very painful event of the use of nuclear energy. The hunter will act unceremoniously at the moment you least expect. My beloved people, from that blood moon called 'the hunter', the war takes another course. Pray, work and act desiring good for your brothers, however, you must first change yourselves so that you may give what you carry within. My people, the world economy is suffering a serious downturn. I call you to prayer so that inner peace may lead you to the clarity of what is happening. You will not attain inner peace without my presence in you. Hunters know where to hunt, that is why they draw their plans in advance. My children, my people: They will make use of nuclear energy and once these devices of the devil himself have been exploited, silence will overcome you, fear will seize you before the arrival of the announced events. Natural resources will be contaminated... The food will be contaminated... Winter will strike and my people, confronted with one another, worse than predatory animals, will make the life of my children a constant challenge. Attention my children! The threat of war is no longer a threat and my people will suffer. I call you to prepare and help those who cannot prepare. My House will provide for the one who possesses nothing. Pray my children, pray, pay attention for China will make an unexpected leap. Pray my children, pray for Taiwan. Pray my children, pray for the leaders of Russia. Pray my children, pray for the leaders of the United States. Pray my children, pray for the leaders of Ukraine. As mankind you are in grave danger and those who have not believed my words, which I have previously told you what would happen, I call you to believe at this time and to convert. I await you as a loving father. The human creature is dominated. This is my final call for you to prepare materially! Those who cannot prepare, I will provide for them. The demons lie in wait and St. Michael fights them. Be attentive, my children, be attentive! Be children worthy of me. Pray, cry out, come to me. My blessings with you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

October 16 2022 - Archangel Michael 
People of my King and Lord Jesus Christ, as prince of the heavenly legions, I am sent to inform you that. The time has now come!... As decreed beforehand by the most Holy Trinity and mentioned to you. Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the earth is shaking from the depths, amplifying the fault lines that create earthquakes. The earth has always shaken in one place or another, but you cannot deny that at this time the movements are more frequent and volcanic eruptions are intensifying because of the movements of the earth. Be warned about false doctrines: The law of God cannot be changed; the mystical body of our King and Lord Jesus Christ is aware that the law of God is one, and only in the cross and in unity can you grasp the dimensions of the Divine Will. Faithful people, it is necessary for you to go from a mediocre spiritual life to living spirituality in its fullness by faith. The people of God must have firm faith at this time when de-Christianisation is increasingly progressing. The human race’s respect for the Divine has fallen very low, and this will generate the great persecution towards the people of God. For this reason, it is necessary for human beings to have faith and understanding, so that they would be steadfast in prayer; without prayer there is no fusion with the most Holy Trinity. Prayer is necessary, and as prince of the heavenly legions I assure you that every supplication raised with a contrite heart is accepted by the most Holy Trinity and by our Queen and Mother of the last times. Receive the Body and Blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ and be faithful to the true magisterium of the Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Children of the most Holy Trinity: It is time for you to live the faith in fullness without fear, without anxiety, without stumbling as the war cry advances, and without forgetting that peace treaties are not peace, but preteens by the nations in order to prepare themselves more and to reach this point. Faith, people of God! Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: The Warning is near, just as war is near... Pray as god’s people: pray the holy rosary - it is one of the prayers in which, together with our King and Lord Jesus Christ and with our Queen and Mother, you retrace the life, passion, death and resurrection of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Pray, pray. In the House of God praises are to be proclaimed to the most Holy Trinity and to our Queen and Mother of the End Times, and the holy rosary is to be proclaimed in the face of the threats that humanity is facing due to the proximity of a celestial body that is approaching the earth. Pray, children of the most Holy Trinity, pray about what is happening on earth at this time and pray for the powers that will go from making threats to the reality of arms. Pray, children of the most Holy Trinity, pray with your hearts that the intensity of the use of weapons unknown to you would decrease, if this is the Divine will. Pray: prayer is a balm for the soul. I bless and protect you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

October 23 2022 - Archangel Michael 
People of my King and Lord Jesus Christ: You are beloved of the Holy Trinity, beloved of our Queen and Mother of the End Times. The practice of the fulfilment of the Law of God is the solid foundation on which every human creature strengthens its spirituality and therefore, its faith is firm and strong. Children of my King and Lord Jesus Christ: Current fashions are abominable. The woman and her nudity externalize the moment in which humanity finds itself. Men dress like women, with silk garments... Humanity is not aware of this era of the Holy Spirit, where with a worthy life, a Son of God would be able to reach a greater discernment in his work and act by the grace of the Holy Spirit. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: The Christian is lack of formation so that they may be truly faithful children of God and creatures of faith. I speak to you, not of forming great scholars, but of forming disciples of our King and Lord Jesus Christ with strengthened faith in the relationship of infinite Divine love for every human creature. At this moment, the presence of the Holy Trinity and of our Queen and Mother in the life of man is imperative. Is humanity already experiencing famine? It is growing from country to country until it encompasses the whole world. The hand of a creature of power will make mankind live the consequences of the use of the weapon that leads mankind to its greatest chaos. Death will ride the earth leaving in its wake the trail of suffering. Pray children of God, pray, the earth is in constant movement in the depths and it will rise to the surface. Pray, children of God, pray, humanity is going to war. It will be the worst nightmare that the human creature of this generation has ever lived. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: This moment of the Holy Spirit is where the greatest nightmares for humanity and the greatest blessings for humanity will take place. Who will attempt against Rome? Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I bless you. I call you to repentance, to turn to the way of eternal truth. I call you not to fear, but to inner change guided by our Queen and Mother of the end times. Do not fear, be more steadfast in faith. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

October 29 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people, people of my sacred heart: I bless you with faith… I bless you with hope… I bless you with charity… You are living in spiritual warfare: the war between good and evil, the war for souls, for your souls. You are part of humanity and of salvation history, therefore you must be aware of the intense times in which you are living and not allow the spiritual change that must prevail at this time to go unnoticed. It is important that you know the Old Testament so that what is happening at this moment would not be strange to you. Be aware of the miracle of love of my real presence in the Eucharistic Food and in my people, whom I protect. Some of my children possess great intellectual ability, yet they do not fight against their personal ego in order to transform themselves into creatures of faith, love, kindness, serenity, consolation, and charity for their fellow men - so necessary at this critical moment in which you find yourselves. The climate maintains its variations and its fierce action in every season, which will lead to the cruellest of winters. Pray children, pray for Russia, the United States, the Ukraine, and China. Pray children, pray for India: it will suffer due to nature. Pray children, pray: arms will make humanity stop. pray children, pray, volcanoes are increasing their activity. Pray children, pray, Latin America will suffer; I suffer for it. Defend the faith, pray with the heart. My people, my beloved people, you will be surprised by the sudden action of the use of nuclear energy, which will cause me to act with my justice. I will not allow the human race to destroy itself or creation. Wake up, do not sleep! Wake up, my children! My most holy Mother holds you in her Immaculate Heart. This Mothers who loves her children gives you her encouragement and her protection. My people: faith, faith, faith! I remain with you, delivering you from evil; you must allow me to do so. Ask for it with faith. Pray. My people must intercede for humanity. My love remains in each one of you. I protect you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

November 03 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, as the envoy of the most Holy Trinity, I tell you that humanity, immersed in material things, is plunging deeper into that which is immediate and finite. Human beings have made a god of themselves, of their mortal bodies, of their ego, of their position in society, meaning that they can lose their souls if they do not immediately take the decision to change their lives completely by moving towards conversion. You are keeping your eyes on the two countries at war, this being the means by which you are being distracted, downplaying the importance of other countries in conflict. Keep in mind that there will be the death of a leader in the Balkans, which will immediately lead to war between nations. The children of our Queen and Mother are not analysing what is hidden behind what is happening at this time: the stage is set for the third world war. Poor humanity! The repeated scourging of the earth at the hands of nature is being hidden beneath scientific concepts, and what has been warned about by heaven is being called 'climate change”. What is happening is leading humanity towards the fulfilment of what has been foretold. Great changes will accelerate the appearance of events for the purification of this generation. Another sign is appearing before you: the moon clothed in red, the colour of blood, which you know as the beaver moon. The beaver makes provisions for winter, but is threatened by those who pursue it in order to hunt it. The moon foreshadows humanity’s progress toward its purification: It is a harbinger of the imminence of great earthquakes and volcanic eruptions... It is a harbinger of grief in societies that are protesting in most countries... It is a harbinger of serious armed uprisings intended to overthrow governments... It is a harbinger of the persecution of your brothers and sisters by a godless humanity. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ - a people filled with virtues scorned by man without God. This is a time of grief brought about by the intelligence of man, who has rejected the Holy Trinity and our Queen and Mother. His spiritual faculties are in decline, preventing humanity from harbouring faith and noble sentiments full of love, as commanded by our King and Lord Jesus Christ. This is the era of the Holy Spirit for those who stand firm in faith... It will be a time of wonders for those who want to convert: this is the moment to do so. No matter how intense the times may be, they are optimal for personal conversion. The manual for the way is love. The signpost marked so that you would not go astray is obedience. The meeting point is fraternal love. You have a Mother who loves you, and she shelters all her children in her Immaculate Heart so that they would not be led astray by evil. Attentive, obedient, fraternal and merciful: such are the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ - a people of love, of charity and of firm and strong faith, so strong that the winds cannot bend them. Wait for the angel of peace, you will receive him by means of the firm faith with which you await him. Pray 'in season and out of season'. Pray with your works and actions, and love your fellow man even when your fellow man is your own torturer. Pray for those who do not love you. Pray with your heart. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

November 06 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, I bless you with my love. People of my son, I call you to be fraternal, to keep the faith, to give so as to receive, to look carefully at the signs and signals, in order that you would be people who meditate on everything that occurs. My Son suffers because of every action and work contrary to his will. The time has come when my children do not see, do not listen, and do not preach: they remain blind, deaf, and dumb in order to please those who are not in communion with the Divine Will. Humanity is being driven mad by the noise of what is worldly and harmful to body and spirit. You do not pray and have turned away from my son. You are a humanity without God. Humanity is in gravest danger and you do not see it; on the contrary, you constantly amuse yourselves without thinking of the offenses with which you are wounding my son. This generation is living in so much sin, greater than that of Sodom and Gomorrah. At this moment, the cup is almost empty. I am a Mother and a teacher: I am not the bearer of fear - on the contrary, I want you to prepare and convert. Humanity is living in total violence. You are empty inside, pleasing your basest instincts, and you are easy prey for evil. My Son loves you and this Mother and teacher loves you, therefore, I come to call you to spiritual change and to prepare yourselves to assuage hunger and cold. Keep prayer books in your homes, spiritual books that you need to have in print. You are walking in darkness, the same darkness that will reach earth and cover it completely; afterward, the Divine Light will come and will illuminate everything that exists. Love will be in those children who will repent, and they will be my son’s, having a new life. People of my son, war continues to spread! The human race goes on aimlessly without seeing how the interests of one nation, in particular, are breathing fire so that the conflicts do not stop. Suffering is worsening for humanity. Famine will show man its face, and there will be lamentation. Countries will need the cover of darkness so as not to be seen at night and in order to protect their peoples. Without being afraid, children of my Immaculate Heart, continue ceaselessly increasing your faith, drawing closer to my Divine Son, praying to St. Michael the Archangel and his legions. Be creatures of inner peace, without arguments or envy and without arrogance, remembering that intelligence without God does not gain heaven, but wisdom, humility, meekness, obedience, love of neighbour and perseverance. . . People of my Son, pray, pray, pray; the earth has awakened in its bowels, and from within it, all that it contains will rise to the surface through volcanoes. People of my Son, pray, pray: France will weep, England will enter into chaos. Pray, children. People of my son, pray, pray: man’s time is not god’s time; hasten with your conversion. In the twinkling of an eye you, will find yourselves in chaos. You are loved by the most Holy Trinity. Be people who practice prayer, mercy, charity, fraternity, humility, and faith, without forgetting the law of God, works of mercy, the sacraments, and the word of sacred scripture. As your Mother I protect and bless you. I lovingly present your prayers and needs to the most Holy Trinity. Continue on your way without fear. Children of my Immaculate Heart: keep in mind that in the end, my Immaculate Heart will triumph. I love you, people of my son, I love you. I carry you within my womb and protect you. Do not fear, I am with you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

November 10 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved children of the most Holy Trinity, I come to you as a messenger of the most Holy Trinity. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, grow in faith. Live under the protection of the Divine Will. As the times intensify, the works and actions of those who walk in the shadow of the highest will give fruits of eternal life, and they will share them with their brothers and sisters. At this time, human beings are spending their lives in such deep spiritual emptiness that they project all their lack of fraternity toward their brothers and sisters. With every step that they take, they infect their brothers and sisters with the coldness with which the majority live their lives. The human ego is not to be rooted out but transformed and fused with the work and action of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, so that all human beings would live with deep love and share the blessing of being children of God. This generation, by turning away from the most Holy Trinity and seeking the Divine light down the wrong paths, has plunged into dangerous waters where they cannot swim, but only stay afloat, because they are putrid waters. I see so much of humanity running after the antichrist because of not knowing our King and Lord Jesus Christ, ignoring the fact that our King and Lord Jesus Christ worked miracles and did not boast about it, but on the contrary, went away quickly. What is different about the antichrist is that he will announce the supposed 'miracles” that he will do. You know full well that they will not be miracles, but works of evil: he will make use of demons so as to appear to raise someone from the dead. It is therefore urgent that you know our King and Lord Jesus Christ directly from Holy Scripture. In this way, you will recognize him and not be deceived. Protect your mind, continue without soiling it and without bringing the harmful things of the world into it. Go to our Queen and Mother who guides you to her Divine Son in these times of so much turmoil. This people belonging to the most Holy Trinity are foolish. They know that there will not be peace: behind false peace agreements lies preparation for mutual annihilation with increased armaments. People of God, as you have decided to move further away from Divine Love, and in conjunction with the sign of the past blood moon, the following chastisement is announced to you: the abominable desolation of the church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. The desolation of the soul has arrived at this time when they are removing the most Holy Trinity from places reserved for prayer and worship, when they are removing our Queen and Mother from them. This is a small warning before the great and final profanation. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, take this message with due seriousness! Increase your faith by being keepers of the law of God, of the sacraments and of the knowledge of him who sacrificed himself on the cross for the salvation of mankind. Meditate on this call. Do not take it lightly! In the love of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I bless you, I illuminate your path, I protect and defend you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

November 14 2022 - Jesus Christ 
Beloved children of the most Holy Trinity, I come to you as a messenger of the most Holy Trinity. My beloved people, I bless you with my love. My beloved children, my love covers all of humanity. All my children are covered by my love, and out of love, I allow each one of you to have access to my love or to reject it according to your free will. That is why some human beings accept my love, and others do not accept my love; nonetheless, I seek them everywhere so that they would convert to me. Humanity will go so far away from me that my church will seem not to recognize me, accepting acts and works that do not come from my will. Humanity wants a god that will allow it to work and act as it pleases, and that is not me. You must live in my will and be soldiers of my Divine love. My people, live in my infinite mercy by being creatures who fulfil my will and who love my most holy Mother. The scales of my justice stand before each individual: I am a Just Judge. My beloved people, this generation will witness a great devastation such as you have not experienced before; I, therefore, call you again and again to conversion. My children cannot continue to be the same: ones who judge their brothers and sisters, the same foolish people, the same ones who deliberately continue to be deaf, blind, and dumb, working and acting like the pharisees. Pray, my people, pray: communal prayer is necessary. Live in inner prayer according to my way of working and acting, keeping your mind on me and your relationship with me. Pray, my people, pray, pray: the great darkness will come, war will come from one moment to the next without your expecting it, like a flash of lightning, and there will be great darkness. Pray, my people, pray: great confusion is being poured out upon my mystical body; maintain your quest for holy living. Pray, my people, pray for Chile, Central America, and Mexico: they will be shaken. Pray, my people, pray for Japan, China, and the Middle East; pray for England and the United States: war is looming and disease will come again. My beloved people: Those who strive to change and to become better children of mine will not be disappointed; they will receive their reward. Dear children, I will not deceive you. 'I am your god”, and I will remain with you. It is time to be silent and to devote yourselves to living according to my will. I bless you with my love, I bless you with my will. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

November 18 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I am sent by the most Holy Trinity at this time of confusion. Pilgrim people, may the Divine Love with which our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother have addressed each one of you, encourage you so that you do not fall into confusion, into that temptation in which your brothers and sisters find themselves, not having the good sense to look at what is happening on earth, denying everything with great ignorance. Humanity must live with the constant need to aspire to stand beside our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother. The creature will live in peace only if in its life it feels the need for our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother. That is when its thinking will be fixed on our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother. In this way human beings will know that they are on the right path, otherwise they will only live according to fleeting aspirations and false illusions, to which the evil oppressor of souls can lead them to succumb in an instant. Beloved of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, being incapable of loving life, you continue to despise it and continue not to value it. It is necessary for each person to have the certainty that you possess attributes with which god the father has endowed you in order to love God and to love your neighbour, and to be love, holy and pure, welcoming your neighbour and acknowledging that God is everything in your life. Believing that God exists, 'loving god above all things', does not make you less human, but freer. Therefore, he who loves his brother is truly a human being, a witness to Trinitarian Love. Humanity will acquire the certainty that without God it is nothing. It will live in inner emptiness because of despising the one it should love: our King and Lord Jesus Christ, who died on the cross and rose again to grant redemption to the human race. Therefore, not forgetting that heaven warns you out of love, you live with an obligation to adore the most Holy Trinity, being aware of the greatness that trinitarian love imprints within you. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: This people are like the waves of the sea: they come and go without attaining spiritual stability. They seek sensationalism and not the truth. War will continue in one place or another; winter comes with the burning fire of arms. The discontent of the peoples will lead them to revolt. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the earth is opening up within it: earthquakes are intensifying and they will have greater force. Pray, people of the most Holy Trinity, pray for Central America, for Mexico and for the United States: the earth is shaking. Pray, people of the most Holy Trinity, pray for Panama, Chile, Ecuador, Colombia and Brazil: their land will be shaken. Pray, people of the most Holy Trinity, pray: there will be uncertainty where the eyes of humanity are turned at this moment. Pray, people of the most Holy Trinity, pray for France, Russia, Germany, Iraq, Ukraine and Libya: the spectre of war will be more visible. Pray, people of the most Holy Trinity, pray for Japan: it will be shaken and persecuted. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, maintain inner peace so that the fire of evil would not burn within you. Pray, put prayer into practice, persevere, confess your sins and receive the body and blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. I defend you; call upon me. In the unity of the faithful people, I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

November 22 2022 - Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, receive my motherly blessing. I walk with my children, I love them, I keep them united to my hands so that they may not be lost. At this time confusion is spreading like weeds in the field growing in haste without being seen. Ideologies with great falsehoods are separating my children from the mystical body of my Divine Son. One is the Divine word, do not follow those who wish to deceive you. Beloved children, the sun is in convulsion, agitated, emanating its force towards the earth and this, children, will result in a climate that will cause severe damage to the earth and to you. In the face of so much disbelief of my children towards the announcements of heaven, natural phenomena are accentuated and the earth continues to shake with great fury. In the face of so much disbelief of my children, the measures by which communities will suffer at human hands in every town and in every nation are accentuated. Children of my heart: Be on spiritual and physical alertness. Evil causes harm where my children insist on ignoring the law of God and the sacraments. You must consecrate yourselves to me so that you may maintain a defensive shield, as long as you remain obedient and good creatures in every aspect. Beloved children, you have forgotten that communism will dominate the world and spread over the earth. My children do not see that they are being led towards the precipice, dominated by those who do not desire the salvation of their souls. Communism gives power to small groups. These associations cause chaos and find themselves willing to fight for food and other necessities they lack. Demons are upon mankind. This is very dangerous: spiritual ignorance and ignorance of the Holy Scriptures. Prayer is indispensable, not praying keeps you away from the Holy Trinity and this Mother. Pray, pray, pray! My beloved, my Son's Church will be dressed in mourning and my children become more confused, due to spiritual ignorance. You will see a great sign in heaven before which some of my children will be terrified and the believers will know that, being at war, the warning will be near. Be responsible my children, be true children of my Divine Son. The happenings of mankind are difficult, the human creature must convert now! As if in the next moment it will be the Warning. Alert, children! Pray for the United States, nature turns against her. The friends of this nation abandon her in the midst of war. Pray children of my Divine Son, pray for France, the fire leads to burn great monuments of this nation. Pray children of my Divine son, pray, pray for Japan, pray for Afghanistan, pray for Australia, suffering comes to these nations. Pray children, pray, pray, the magnetism of the earth is less. Pray children before the disease that is approaching, pray before the new impediment to move, pray. Be faithful to my Divine Son. Be cautious in working and acting, the suffering of humanity is soon. Save the soul children! Be cautious and careful of your brothers, unite and be one heart of love, of prayer, of offering and of reparation. My heart is the Ark of Salvation. I protect you constantly, do not fear, I am with you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

November 26 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Be filled with the blessings of the Holy Trinity and of our Queen and Mother. I am sent by the Holy Trinity: As we begin the season of advent, I come to remind you of the duty to live peace in your hearts: The duty to live peace in the heart of each one of you. The duty to carry the Divine Light in each one of you and to be light for your brothers. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the children of the King must prepare to live advent by repenting of sins committed while maintaining faith, hope and charity. The children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ light the first candle of this advent in every temple, in every home, in every heart, knowing that our King and Lord Jesus Christ is the light of the world and will keep that light burning forever and ever. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, they continue to cling to the material, ignoring how soon the material will be a memory before the imposition of what they will call a new currency. The reaction of mankind will be weeping at the loss of dominion over the material. The human creature will be subdued. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, when I look at paganism, I see in the midst of humanity how the human creature despises itself by allowing itself to continue to live in the shadows. This is the time for the human creature to send away debauchery and accept to be more and more of the Holy Trinity and of our Queen and Mother of the last times. Convert now! You must not wait. It is urgent that the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ begin the path of conversion and strengthen the faith. This generation is dominated by earthly power. The evil one has set out to destroy the family and to lead the human creature to despise our Queen and Mother. This generation is in grave danger from the great volcanoes around the world that are awakening one after another. Pray children of God, pray for Japan, it suffers from nature and for its fellow men. Pray children of God, pray, suffering is coming to Brazil. Pray children of God, pray for San Francisco, it suffers because of nature. Pray children of God, pray for Chile, Sumatra, Australia, they are shaken by the force of nature. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, continue to till the spiritual soil, increasing faith, hope and charity. Be love and 'you will receive the rest in addition'. Humanity is purified, it is necessary that through purification Divine love reigns in every heart. I bless you with my sword on high. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

November 30 2022 - Jesus Christ 
Beloved children of my Sacred Heart: I come to you with my love, with my mercy. I invite you to look at your own faults, it is necessary that you look at yourselves so that you may be part of those who bear witness to my love. I am unity. My children are confused and divided and are easy prey to evil. They launch themselves to devastate one another? Who possesses greater words, greater faith, hope and charity? And yet they receive me in my body and blood, offending me by not being my children who use the gift of the word to create, but to destroy. These are the high moments when my people suffer because of nature, because of indecent fashions, because of the lack of morals among my people, everything is good because God is mercy! I am mercy and I look at the acts and actions of my people, offending me in the face of so much distancing and disobedience. My children, what is this? It is the product of the fact that my children are not Marian, they do not love my Mother, they are like those who call themselves orphans. This makes them creatures who are not guided by my Mother, intercessor of each one of you. I see how some of my children, by not eating with me, live in the constant novelty of the society that welcomes the worldly and sinful, leading them away from the right way of acting and acting. They forget easily, at the convenience of their erroneous criteria, being easy prey to evil, which at this time has decided to divide my church and lead them to perdition. My beloved people, there are so many countries that suffer the ravages of nature, so many who suffer hunger and thirst for justice... And my children, where are they? They are silenced so that they do not raise their voices! Pray my children, pray for my children who are imprisoned to be silenced and are abandoned. Pray my children, pray for Australia, it is shaking with force and fracturing its land, raising the waters of the sea towards the coasts of South America. Pray my children, pray, the convulsions, the uprisings, the lack of food with which you will begin the coming year, is a sign that you are being led to the time of famine and you will be at the gates of not being able to buy or sell. Pray my children, mankind is absorbed in passing interests, they forget everything, they do not listen or think, their happiness is in the results. Pray my children, pray, the passing of the moment continues and without thinking you will be in the hands of communism. Pray my children, pray, the waters of the ocean are entering the city admired by my children: the city of the great bridge in the United States will live the great tragedy. They know it and do not return to me, but the doom is greater every day. Pray my children, Brazil is plunged into chaos. These my people must banish the moments of merriment where they offend me with sins, especially sins of the flesh. Chaos arrives and my children suffer. Prayer with the heart is urgent, in this way you will attenuate the events and the riots. Pray my children, pray for Spain, it is shaking strongly. Pray my children, pray for Mexico, the earth is shaking, the disease is present. Pray my children, pray, the tiger rose and the lion joined him in silence, they will attack the eagle that has stood upright. Beloved children: your attention must remain focused on me, otherwise, the plagues of evil will rob you of peace, lovelessness will lead you to utter despicable words towards your brothers. It will fill your mouth with words of evil, it will elevate your ego so that you will hurt your brothers. Be dutiful to love and humility. The human creature without humility is easy prey for the devil. Be my very love in these moments when peace hangs on the thought of a human creature. Pray with your heart, be creatures of prayer and unity. Keep yourselves in me, being doers of my will. I bless you my children, 'you are the apple of my eye'. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

December 05 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: As members of the mystical body of Christ, you are called to keep the faith and to be creatures of prayer, not only with words, but with testimony. Be creatures of faith and love, and at the same time be conscious that the haughty, the arrogant, the proud, the person who is unaware of what it means to be a child of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, is easy prey for the devil; he is constantly led by the evil one to be 'a stumbling block for his brothers'. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ grieves greatly over these foolish children who live half-heartedly, bringing evil upon themselves. Human foolishness, the fruit of the misuse of free will, leads human beings to plunge into suffering that they have brought upon themselves, and from which it will be difficult for them to emerge until they acknowledge that 'God is the Lord'. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: When human beings give themselves over to human pleasures, they decay spiritually and punish themselves, entering into the darkness that worldliness makes them see as light in order to keep them in sin. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, this is not the time for a half-hearted spiritual life. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I call you to take sure steps. This is not a time to spend your lives senselessly; on the contrary, it is imperative for you to be authentic in your inner life. Blessings stand before you, people of God, but at the same time you attract evil by your unbridled works and behaviour. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, you will suffer as humanity due to the continuous reaction of volcanoes that will provoke great eruptions and prevent you from continuing as is normal at the moment. Entire communities will be moved to safer places to prevent the gases from volcanic eruptions from causing irreparable damage. The earth will continue to shake everywhere, without stopping. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Mexico: it will suffer due to nature and betrayal. Pray for Brazil: people will be exasperated, causing riots and the suffering of the innocent. Water will purify this nation. Pray for Japan: it will suffer greatly due to nature and by human hand. Pray for Indonesia: it will suffer greatly due to nature. Pray for Argentina, this nation will be tested. Intruders will spread dissent and create chaos, setting people against one another. Pray for this nation. Pray for Central America: it will suffer due to nature. You must pray with your heart. Pray for the United States, pray that its leaders would be cautious in their works and actions. Pray, because nature will continue to act forcefully in that nation. Pray with confidence and truth; pray for your brothers and sisters who are lukewarm in faith and do not bear witness to love, charity and fraternity. Receive the body and blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Pray the holy rosary as a sign of love for our Queen and Mother. Be faithful to God and love unity. Be faithful, each in your own state, for blessing and firmness in the faith are born of faithfulness. Wait with holy patience for the Angel of Peace, who will revive the hope that some of you have not lost, but which has been weakened by so many things that you have been facing. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Be charitable towards your fellow men. Charity is the bond that unites you. Human beings with hardened hearts are acting against charity in order to cause division, which the devil is currently fomenting against the mystical body of Christ. You must pray, you must fulfil prayer, you must put being children of our King and Lord into practice by working and acting in the manner of Christ. As children of so divine a redeemer, continue without fear, with confidence and the faith that in being doers of the Divine Will, you will have your reward. I protect you by divine command, I bless you with my sword. Faith, faith, faith. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.  

December 09 2022 - Jesus Christ 
Beloved children, receive my blessing united to my merciful Love. In the midst of the affliction in which you live and what is approaching, I call you to love my most holy Mother, who intercedes for each of my children. My blessed Mother loves you all and desires that all be saved. My people, without forgetting the warning, of which all human creatures will participate, you must review your life promptly and make reparation for the evil committed. My beloved, not only the human creature will suffer spiritually, but the earth will be purified by the blow of the heavenly body which the earth will receive and which you will see as a burst on high. That burst which will illuminate the earth and from which fire will fall from on high, will cause the waters of the seas to invade the earth. My beloved people, without getting into panic at this moment, how you must work and act is by detaching yourselves from the mundane. My people: They do not obey me; they refuse to be humble and to accept that they have a duty to change and not allow that misused human self to keep them in pride. They are my people, all humanity is my people, as all are my children. My people are not a special selection of children who pray more or who are better than the rest of their brothers. My people are all mankind. Thus, I love you, my people. Do not forget that the process of war is in ferment. War comes and my children suffer. At this moment there are several nations that are ready to be the first nation to attack another and from there the war will spread across the earth. When you least expect it, when you least think it, the scourge of war will happen and humanity will enter into chaos. War is the punishment that humanity itself will inflict on itself: punishment product of human selfishness... Product of the superiority that the majority of the rulers believe they possess over the peoples... Punishment resulting from the fact that they do not believe in me... Of the contempt to which I am continually subjected... Of the offenses against me, of the profanations and sacrileges that I continually receive... My Mother is treated with contempt, her most loving heart bleeds before so many offenses to which my people submit her. My most holy Immaculate Mother desires that my people, her children, be creatures of faith, humble creatures like her, creatures that unite and not disunite. This generation will receive the antichrist; they will follow him because of their ignorance of me, because of their disobedience to me and to what my Mother has revealed to them. They will accept the new doctrine that will be presented to them, forgetting that 'I am the Way, the Truth and the Life'. I have insisted on pride because this is what the human creature is saturated with and the antichrist is already taking from the proud, giving power in one place or another to those who out of pride feel that they are superior to their brothers. My children, confusion is entering my church and where there is confusion, I do not find myself, but the enemy of the soul has entered. You my children, know me so that you may recognize me. Be wary of those who invite you to act and act contrary to what I have taught you. Be on your guard, 'wolves in sheep's clothing' abound at this time. My people, beloved my people, continue to walk in the faith, not because of tradition, but because you know me and by knowing me you love me. Keep yourselves prepared for what is coming to earth, to humanity. Without thinking that the disease has been defeated, be cautious and prevent the organism by keeping the body's defences high. I am your God and I prepare you for what is coming to mankind. Pray my children, pray, the volcanoes continue to activate causing suffering to human creatures. Pray my children, pray for Greece, it will suffer for nature. Pray my children, pray, Nepal is shaken. Pray my children, pray for those who do not believe in my calls. Pray my children, pray for your brothers who do not love me. Pray my children, pray for the inattention with which my people live this moment which is of peace and not of so much noise or so much sin, because humanity will be surprised without expecting it. I protect you; I help you so that you may keep yourselves spiritually on the right path. Ask me for the help you need, be creatures of faith, love, forgiveness, charity and fraternity. My beloved ones: Receive my blessing and without fear be assured that I protect you. Therefore, you need a heart of flesh and not of stone. Keep faith in my word, in my promises and I will not abandon you. I bless your thoughts, your minds and your hearts so that you may act and act according to my example. My love is infinite, as my blessing is infinite. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

December 16 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I am sent by the Holy Trinity to make known to you the word which is the Will of God. In the unity of a people walking in the footsteps of their King and Lord, continue to be knowledgeable about the good you should do and thus avoid evil. The awareness that 'God is a God of the living' must remain in the human creature, only in this way will humanity come to aspire to be more spiritual with full knowledge that without God they are nothing. Live in the tireless quest to stay closer to the Holy Trinity, to our Queen and Mother, to the Archangels and angels so that you may live desiring the divine and work and act within the good. Children of God, you find yourselves in the moment of expectation before the fulfilment of the prophecies announced with clear signs that foreshadow what is to come: Look at nature how it acts… The human creature has moved away from the temples and they do not adore our King and Lord Jesus Christ.... They receive the holy eucharist in mortal sin.... They despise and refuse to pray the holy rosary.... They mock the sacramentals.... The most Holy Trinity calls his priests to dress with dignity in their priestly vestments, since dressing as a consecrated creature has led to their being disrespected and mistaken for creatures not consecrated to the priestly ministry. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ must be constantly prepared for the coming food shortage and the strong change in the climate, especially in Europe. The earth's core is being affected by the magnetism of a celestial body approaching the earth. Europe will go through this time with extreme snowfall and cold not felt before. America will experience a change in its climate, temperatures will drop and they will feel cold, but not as extreme. It is the time of the warning for them to believe and mend their ways. Water appears where there is sand and where there is water, sand appears. Volcanoes roar in various countries all over the earth. The desert is invaded by water and where there is water, there will be desert. Pray, pray, pray children of our Lord and King Jesus Christ for the conversion of humanity, pray for the Asian continent. Pray, pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ for the shortage of food. Pray, pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, for the social uprisings and persecution in the countries. Pray, pray children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, from within the countries that have welcomed you, the fierce persecutors of the Christian faith will come out. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, keep our Queen and Mother attentive to the needs of each one through the prayer of the holy rosary, so that the pride that grows in the human creature may be weakened and overcome by humility. Pride is characteristic of the evil one, oppressor of souls, it mires the creature, it envelops him in evil and envy. Pride deforms the human creature in his actions and deeds, it blinds him and makes him unrecognizable. Act with humility, not with false humility, not with forced humility, but with the humility of the light that comes from our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Believe, believe, overcome sin, firmly repent by confessing and with a firm purpose of amendment, so that you will be new and renewed creatures by Divine Mercy. Be spiritually alert, be simple and humble creatures of heart. Knowledge should not be exhibited, but acted upon as a testimony of what dwells within each one of you. Prudence is a great companion for the gifts. The prudent do not expose themselves to be overthrown. These are serious times, very serious times where temptations, dissatisfaction, division and pleasures are being spread with haste by the spirits of evil. The human creature who repents, who recognizes God as his Lord and saviour and begins a new life, is guided by his guardian angel, a companion on the way so that he does not get lost. Go forward children of God, go forward united in the expectation of the fulfilment of all that has been prophesied. Keep the peace and be fraternal. You are accompanied by my legions, protected by our Queen and Mother and rescued by the blood of the Divine Lamb. Do not fear, grow in faith! St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

December 19 2022 - Jesus Christ 
My beloved people, Children of my Sacred Heart, I bless you with my love, I bless you with faith, I bless you with fraternity, I bless you with my truth, so that you would be aware at all times that without charity, you will not overcome human selfishness, nor its fruit, which is hatred - and my children are saturated with hatred at this time. You must look within yourselves, even if it is difficult for you. My arrogant children do not listen to me; they look at their brothers and sisters without looking at themselves and these human creatures of mine must change so that they would learn to offer up their pain to me and learn to be humble. It is humility that you need at this time, for charity is not only about helping the needy, but loving and respecting one’s neighbour with their faults and virtues. Humanity lacks everything that I have mentioned to you... Therefore, it is very important and indispensable that each one of you pray and offer me Eucharistic Communions in reparation for the errors with which my church is offending me. And bear in mind that receiving me in a state of grace, worthily prepared, as well as the prayer of the holy rosary, can succeed in lessening the intensity of some of the events to come, if it is my will. My people, some of my children are asking themselves, why is it that the most serious part of what heaven has announced in these prophecies is not happening? My children, if you would think, if you would reflect on what you want, you would retract and regret it. My people, great tragedy will come to some countries when they least expect it because of remaining distracted by the distorted Christmas of man today. The celebration of my birth has become a pagan festival, with representations of my birth that in some cases are shameful. They have wanted to force me into the pagan current of this time, even within my church. May those who mock my birth be anathema. My beloved people, the battle between good and evil continues with greater force. My beloved St. Michael the Archangel is defending you with all his heavenly armies, otherwise you would find yourselves at war. It is necessary for each one of my children, on a personal level, to be responsible to humanity by being light in the midst of so much darkness that surrounds you. South America, land of spiritual fruits and great resources, will be subjected to the uprisings that will recur in several south American countries. Children of my sacred heart: Do not take my word lightly: war is being prepared by those who believe they lead humanity, politicians, and nations. Pray, my children, pray for Brazil, prayer is urgent for this endangered nation. Prayer to my Divine Mercy offered for this land beloved by me and my Mother at three o'clock in the afternoon of each country, as well as the recitation of the holy rosary, with the offering of holy communion, is a blessing for my beloved land. Pray my children, pray for Argentina: this land that I love has disrespected me and has disrespected my Mother, whom some of my children love so much. I asked for Argentina to be consecrated to the Sacred Hearts and this request was taken lightly. My Mother who came as an intercessor was not obeyed. What my Mother wanted with all her heart to hold back, was greeted with disbelief. This is why the purification will be undergone that this people are bringing about. Pray, my children, pray for Peru: this nation is suffering from internal strife. Pray, my children, pray for Europe: the scourge of war is spreading. Cold will come, threatening my children. Pray for Italy and pray for Spain: they will suffer. Pray where war causes innocent people to perish. My people, social uprisings will spread throughout the earth, exacerbating famine, disease, persecution and injustice. The earth will shake continually with greater intensity. At times it will shake from within the earth; at other times the hand of man will intervene, and he will be punished for his wrongdoing. I come to the heart of each person as a beggar of love… I come in search of a place to warm my little defenceless body... I am the King of love in search of hearts of flesh to shelter me. My children, I do not want fearful people, but creatures of faith, with so much faith that they are aware that 'I am their God', and I will not abandon them. Keep your faith growing constantly. Fraternity is necessary at this time and respect is a barrier against evil. Be creatures of love, generous in patience and wanting the well-being of your neighbour. I love you, my children, I love you. My Sacred Heart burns with love for each one of you. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

December 23 2022 - Archangel Michael 
Beloved people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I am sent by the most Holy Trinity to reach the heart of all humanity who, as god’s people, must save their souls. In commemorating the birth of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, every human being may place their whole physical and spiritual being before this divine child, so that with a person’s fervent desire, they would be transformed by love, truth, goodness, charity, and all the gifts and virtues with which the infant Jesus adorns his children.  Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, humanity continues living in a chaos of unstoppable violence that spreads from one person to another, sometimes consenting to it without knowing why, but merely in order to imitate their brothers’ behaviour. This is the intention of the powerful: to see to it that the human race would self-destruct in terms of morality, society, spirituality, food, and economics, so that, due to such a weight of inappropriate acts, human beings would renounce the most Holy Trinity, our Queen and Mother, and despise everything that reminds them of the divine, blaming God for everything that happens. As we commemorate the Nativity of the infant Jesus, evil is assaulting humanity more forcefully at this time than in the past, in view of the proximity of what our Queen and Mother has been warning you about for so long. It is human beings who have given free rein to their human will, going down various wrong paths that have led them to this moment. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: as we commemorate the Nativity, the affairs of men do not stop: conflicts continue, persecutions increase, and the unexpected will occur due to constant warfare on the part of evil, which humanity is allowing to undermine its life. Pray, pray for Mexico: it will suffer due to nature. Pray, pray, pray for Brazil without ceasing: your brothers and sisters need your prayers. Pray, pray for strength for the whole of humanity. Pray, pray for Europe: you urgently need to pray for Europe - it will suffer due to nature and man himself. You have a rocky road ahead of you. . . A single religion will impose itself on humanity, which easily surrenders to innovations. Human creatures forget that the cross of our King and Lord Jesus Christ is impregnated with the salvation of every human being, and that it is only on the path of truth and repentance that you can find salvation. You forget that our Queen and Mother drive away the devil: he fears her, and our Queen and Mother is attentive to her Son’s people. You are on a path filled with every temptation, with the snares of evil, with the insinuations of evil, and evil knows that this is the time for it to take its spoils of souls. You must be strong and firm so as not to fall. Children of God, remain attentive and do not be careless, because from one moment to the next, there may be a conflict, planned in advance. Without exposing yourselves in the midst of the strife, each one of you should keep calm and stay where you are until you find a safe opportunity to leave, if you must do so. My legions are attentively awaiting your calls to come in haste, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. A great sign from on high is coming. Each one of you knows that Divine Protection is over humanity. Divine mercy is infinite: ask our King and Lord Jesus Christ for it to penetrate within you, and give him permission to make of each one of you a new creature, so that you would succeed in overcoming the many trials that humanity has brought upon itself. Adore the infant Jesus in the manger, in every home, in every place where he is correctly represented. My legions are caring for each one of you. I bless and protect you with my sword held high. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

December 27 2022 - Holy Mary
Beloved children of my immaculate heart: I come to you to bless you and to bring you my motherly love. Faith is indispensable, my children, in order for you to remain in union with my Divine Son. Spiritually prepared, human beings will be able to stand in the midst of all that will come to fulfilment. I am speaking to you in terms of human time... Prepare yourselves, children, be more spiritual: it is urgent. Prepare yourselves, children, with what you have at your disposal. Do not wait to prepare, do it now. The time of darkness is coming, and yet by keeping the faith and being fraternal towards one another, my children will manage to help each other. Beloved children of my Divine Son, war will continue on earth with greater force, bringing famine, which will spread without stopping. My little children, in the constant calls to prepare yourselves, the Father’s House has insisted that you should look at the signs and signals that have announced what will become humanity’s sad reality. Show foresight: cold will come, replacing heat, and heat will replace cold. Stay alert: tensions between countries will become wars between countries. Humanity will remain in a constant state of anxiety. Darkness will come to various countries in the midst of war. Pray, my children, pray for all humanity. Pray, my children, pray for India, its people will suffer. Pray, my children, pray, do not wait; pay attention, children. Pray, my children, pray that your faith would grow as events progress. Pray, my children, pray, pray; earthquakes will continue on a larger scale. My children: As your Mother I advise you to strengthen your faith in the most Holy Trinity, so that you would keep silence, meditate and be people in whom the love of my son reigns, in order that you would not sin by harming your neighbour. Beloved children, being confronted with your own sins will be hard... Do not worsen it by sinning against your neighbour. My Divine Son suffers because of the weight of humanity’s evil works and behaviour. Be fraternal, help one another, respect one another and pray that you would not fall into sin. Be creatures of peace and use your tongues to worship the most Holy Trinity. As creatures of goodness, adore my son 'in spirit and in truth'. Love your brothers and sisters as my son and I love them. Do not fear: 'am I not here who am your Mother?' I am protecting you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

