January 04 2023 – Archangel Michael 
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I come to you sent by the most Holy Trinity. I call you to continue with the arduous work of changing your personal works and actions. The time is coming when, as the fulfilment of events progresses, the wheat will separate from the tares by itself. Evil is continually tempting human beings - all of them: some fall and others persevere, resisting with a firm, mature and conscious faith, without losing hope in the conversion of those who are in a state of sin. My heavenly legions maintain their constant vigilance in defence of souls. You are faced with evil, which through misused technological means, will amaze humanity by creating images in the sky in order to confuse you and thereby lead you down the path contrary to that of the Divine Will. I call you to continue to be "strong in the faith", not allowing faith to fade away. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, Divine Wrath will be poured out upon the earth because of so much sin, perversion and concupiscence. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, earthquakes will continue to strike the earth hard. Pray for Japan. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the modernist trends that have infiltrated The Church wish to remove the Master of the flock from his own Church. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: the devil is attacking The Church from within her, causing confusion. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray tirelessly, defend the faith by the hand of our Queen and Mother, in the face of the growing confusion in the Church. Children of God, without being divided, live out the faith with firmness. Do not be persecutors of your brothers and sisters. Humanity forgets those who suffer because of war, and war will spread over the earth, leaving destruction, affliction and pain in its wake. Be aware that the devil is directing those who control man. You will again live in your homes; keep your peace. You are entering into a chaotic time for all humanity. Famine is approaching and along with it, plagues of rodents will come to the cities. Without panicking, be assured that you are not alone. Be creatures of faith, hope and charity. Continue to be attentive to the progression of war between nations and to spiritual warfare. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, keep growing spiritually, give your hand to our Queen and Mother. Remain on spiritual alert. I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

January 09 2023 – Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my love holds you within my heart. As the Mother of humanity, I lead you on sure paths so that you would not be lost. As a Mother I make announcements to you in order that you would take precautions, and I warn you out of love. Be clear as to who is a true Christian: the person whose life is cantered on my Divine Son. You are experiencing moments of uncertainty: you go from one place to another in search of the truth. You wish to know the future while being incapable of living worthily in the present as children of God. The Church of my Son is becoming more divided. My favoured sons are divided. An attack will cause The Church of my Son to go into schism. True doctrine will prevail and my Son will always be the King of his mystical body. This generation of modernism will fall into its own trap.... Disease will appear, stronger and more contagious. The powerful will be dominant, to the astonishment of my children who, without believing it, will have to march to war. They will go from provocation to the horror of the use of nuclear energy. Food shortages will be felt in the world. Various countries in conflict will be plunged into battle. As a Mother, I grieve for my children... The person with faith hopes: others despair and there is fighting in the streets. Pray, my children, pray for England: it will suffer due to war. Pray, my children, pray, great volcanoes will erupt; the core of the earth is burning and is being magnetized by the heavenly body that is approaching. Pray, my children, pray for San Francisco, its soil will shake. Pray, my children, pray for the church; she has entered into trial... Fog has covered her and schism approaches. Pray, my children, pray, pray, pray tirelessly; pray by making every work and act a prayer. Pray, my children, pray in faith: pray for all humanity. Pray, my children, pray, pray: The Church has suffered, suffers and will suffer because of freemasonry. Pray, my children, pray. I see so many spiritual corpses without faith or love for The Church of my Son. Pray my children, darkness will come and my children will suffer. I bless you with my motherly love, I bless you with my suffering. Bless one another. My Divine Son grieves over the suffering of his children. Convert out of love for my Divine Son. Continue without fear, being true children of my Divine Son. Do not fear: you are not alone. Have a firm faith, children: continue walking without faltering. I bless you, children of my heart. Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

January 13 2023 – Archangel Michael 
Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I am sent by the most Holy Trinity. As prince of the heavenly legions, I share with you the Divine Word. Divine Love for each of its children does not diminish: it remains active. The more you move away from our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the more exposed you are to falling into the clutches of the devil. What does the human being achieve by moving away from the Divine Will? It succeeds in entering into the darkness coming out of hell in order to lead you to commit evil acts and do evil works. The clock goes on without turning back; on the contrary, it advances towards each of the prophecies that our Queen and Mother has communicated to you as children of God. Some prophecies have been misinterpreted, not by those who received them, but by those who, in their eagerness to interpret them, have not taken into account the spiritual aspect of each one of them, and that is why they are amazed at how some prophecies have unfolded. There is one Divine Word, and that is how its true instruments have received it. In the past a prophecy was made partially known so as not to alarm humanity and not to bring forward serious events concerning The Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. The Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ is rocking like a ship in the midst of a great storm. Discern, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ! Discern at this moment in which you find yourselves! The prophecies are being fulfilled, with one generating the fulfilment of the next. It is urgent that you grow in faith... It is urgent that your faith be strengthened by the Holy Eucharist and strengthened by praying the holy rosary, weapon of the end times. Humanity will be surprised by the news of an attack by one nation against another. The antichrist is on the rise; his desire is to dominate everyone… As children of God, continue to be faithful to the tradition of the magisterium of the church. Receive the body and blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ in the Eucharist and pray the holy rosary from the heart. Pray, pray, being aware of the power of each prayer. Pray, pray: humanity will continue to be surprised by nature. Pray, pray: earthquakes of great magnitude will occur. Pray, pray: every human being who fulfils the will of God is a beacon of light for their brothers and sisters. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: water will purify humanity. Ice will shake man, taking him by surprise. Winds will come with great force. Plague will come quickly. It is necessary to pray for your brothers and sisters who are suffering. Prayer is urgently needed. It is necessary for humanity to pray for those who suffer and will suffer all over the earth. Look at the signs and signals that humanity is receiving. Praying the holy rosary and the holy Trisagion delivers those who are devout. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Remain attentive and united to the most Holy Trinity and take the hand of our Queen and Mother. Prostrating yourselves, adore the Triune God for those who suffer across the earth. Be souls of reparation. I bless you with my sword held high. Onward in faith, onward in hope! St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

January 17 2023 – Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my heart: I bless you with my Motherhood, I bless you with my love. In the end my Immaculate Heart will triumph. The Church of my Son will live through moments of confusion in which the fog will not allow you to see clearly the source of the innovations directed at the mystical body of my Son and which are contrary to the tradition of the Church. Beloved children: I call you not to lose faith, but to increase it, anticipating, with the knowledge of sacred scripture, how to fulfil the Law of God and the sacraments, which will be confusing for others. In the end my Immaculate Heart will triumph. The conflicts within humanity will be greater. The infernal dragon is continually attacking you by sending you lovelessness, envy and disrespect so that you would deny fraternity, this being part of the moral decadence in which you are living. My Son's church has divided. Children, do not stray from the principles of the gospel. My Son loves you: you are his flock. Children, you must worship my Son continually, without rest, so that the infernal beast would not poison your thinking. Remain in prayer, making reparation and resembling my Divine Son. Do not be afraid facing persecution; keep the faith, not forgetting that those who stand in the truth of the faith are greatly blessed in not hiding being Christians and in not allowing themselves to be deceived. In the end my Immaculate Heart will triumph. All of humanity are spiritual stones of the edifice of the church: all are important in this edifice. I hold you by my hand so that would not go astray in the face of the dazzling acts of the antichrist. You know my Divine Son and you know that he does not need spectacle in order to demonstrate that he is God. Pray, children, pray for all of humanity, so that it would be able to distinguish the truth. Pray, children, pray, faced by war that is lying dormant. Pray, children, pray: the force of nature will continue to scourge man throughout the earth. Pray, children, pray: the sun will keep man in suspense. Pray, children, pray: darkness will come unsolicited. Pray, children, pray: you are the children of my Divine Son, you are loved and called by him to remain faithful and firm in the faith. Children, what is to come for humanity will be hard: it is purification, therefore keep your faith continually nourished. Beloved children: My Divine Son remains with you and you will receive the crown of glory for remaining faithful to the true magisterium. You are not alone: the angelic legions will come to those faithful children who wait with love and patience for the great moment of the final triumph - without despair, but with faith, worshiping my Divine Son in spirit and truth. I bless you with my Motherhood, I bless you with my love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

January 23 2023 – Archangel Michael 
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: As prince of the heavenly legions, by Divine Will, I urge you to be obedient and to look with clarity at what is happening in the world and among the great powers. Each one of you, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, should keep your faith growing constantly in order for you not to decline. There are so many human beings walking in darkness that your guardian angels are constantly suffering, due to the foolishness, the disobedience, the lack of love for neighbour on the part of those who are increasingly joining false ideologies. You are receiving invitations to live a spirituality that is supposedly more convenient and suited to these times of modernism, these calls coming from those who are orchestrating the platform of the antichrist. Everything will change! ... You must be prepared spiritually and materially - now! Very serious changes will occur at the hands of the oppressors and humanity will undergo great tribulation. The Church of our Lord and King Jesus Christ is becoming even more divided, accepting forms of modernisms that alienate the faithful. The churches will cease to be places of prayer, of communion with our King and Lord Jesus Christ and places where you gather to venerate our Queen and Mother. Churches will be for holding worldly events, prayers will not be heard and the schism of The Church will be latent. Confusion will be widespread. A number of souls will remain faithful and will march to the end being faithful. Our Queen and Mother are protecting you, intent on guarding you in the final battle. Do you want to be saved? Turn away from what is worldly, comfortable, easy, from what harms the soul, so that the effort made would bear fruits of eternal life. Measures against humanity are intensifying: confusion is taking hold of human beings and the signs and signals that are appearing warn about the purification. As humanity, you are walking into the hands of evil, being subject to it. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, continue without fear, not forgetting that you can repent until the last moment. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Vatican City: suffering is fast approaching. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray that the church, the mystical body of Christ, would be faithful to our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for the Pacific coast of Latin America. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray and act in peace; the will of God has arranged everything. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Indonesia, it will be strongly shaken. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray and keep in mind that the gates of hell will not prevail against The Church. Pray, children, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: nature continues its advance. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, continue without fear: our Queen and Mother of the end times protects you from evil. Be worthy children of the King, be worthy of motherly love. Pray with your heart, bear in mind that we protect you and will not forsake you. Be human beings of sincere heart; work and act in peace. Do not be hasty, for the most Holy Trinity hold everything that happens in their hand. Love the Divine Will. My legions protect you. I bless you, beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, with my sword held high. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

January 27 2023 – Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my Heart. You are blessed by me! As Mother I want nobody to be lost, I want to lead you to my Divine Son. I come to call you to remain attentive to the changes designed by the powerful, so that all humanity would walk as one, plunging into the abyss. Decisive changes are coming for all humanity; this is the period when my children must prepare themselves. You will once again be sent to work from home and the activities necessary for the survival of the peoples will decrease... The forces of evil are raging against you, so I have called you to strengthen yourselves spiritually before the very serious events that you are going to face. Some of my children will return to my Son. Beloved children, with firm faith you will overcome the oppression that you will face. It is each person’s duty to increase their faith by Divine Mercy, even if the waiting has been long. Children, the consequences of the present conflicts will spread as more countries join in; and the strife will reach the point where the human race will take the fatal decision to use nuclear energy. You cannot imagine the devastation! The innocent will suffer and saint Michael and his legions will take them away. All humanity will taste the bitterness of the progress of misused technology. This is a time of suffering; so many years have gone by for humanity awaiting the fulfilment of my revelations. The time is now! The calls will come to a halt, not because the Divine Will decrees it, but because you will not have the means to make them reach humanity. I invite you to have them on paper. The sun continues to affect the earth and man does not notice the alterations to the earth's core.  Do not fear, children: this Queen and Mother of the end times is continually watching over you. Beloved of my Son: Keep a crucifix. Keep an image of me under the title that each person wishes, keep prayer books. Those who do not have candles that have been blessed on the day of the presentation of my Son in the Temple, when at the same time my title of our lady of the candles is celebrated, should take them to be blessed. Not because it is already the three days of darkness, but because they will receive a special blessing for the appropriate moments. My children, store honey and seeds, as well as almonds, walnuts, groundnuts or peanuts and food. Children, nature will make itself felt with greater force; humanity will not feel safe anywhere. The Church of my Son is sick because of lack of love for my Son. The Divine Will shall be fulfilled in the church, not without first purifying it following great trials. Faithful children, persist in faith: you will not be abandoned. My Divine Son will prevail, the Holy Eucharist will always remain. Dearly beloved children, a celestial body is approaching the earth; it will make itself felt on earth, altering it. Do not fear, I remain vigilant in this regard: show foresight. It is St. Michael the Archangel and his celestial legions who are defending you at this time. Beloved children of my Divine Son, the devil has his sights set on the destruction of families. Pray the holy rosary at home; if you must pray alone, pray alone at home. What is essential is to pray with the heart. Be creatures of good, be loving children of my Divine Son and make reparation for those who offend you. Pray for those who do not pray and who attack The Church of my Son. Continue on your way, do not stop at this moment and be faithful to my Divine Son. Receive my blessing: in the name of the father of the son and of the holy spirit. Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

February 02 2023 – Jesus Christ 
Beloved children, my blessing remains within each one of you; it flourishes in those who dispose themselves to live in my Will. In those who allow their human self to prevail with all its wretchedness, and who adopt innovations that neither belong to me nor are my will, my blessing does not bear fruit until they convert. How it pains me when you throw me out of your lives in order to join the ranks of evil! Confusion is being promoted by the antichrist, who is moving in Europe, supported by the powerful, leading them towards freemasonry. You are walking in the midst of great traps set by the minions of the antichrist and you do not see them. You continue living without thinking about what is looming over humanity, and you will be surprised, you will be surprised... You are at a turning point within the history of Christianity, from which you will emerge polished, like precious stones. Children, watch the signs of the times carefully and find my love within each word coming from my mouth. I love you, my children; obey my calls. The medicines you have received from my house for the illnesses that you will face are only to be used as we have instructed you. Humanity is being led to total change. The path to be taken is being set by worldly power, from this moment on... You are living in warfare and it will spread at a great pace. I invite you to meditate on how you have worked and acted during your lives. I want you to prepare yourselves prior to the beginning of Lent, because the latter should be different, special, with the intention of making a true conversion, and start it honestly, looking at your hindrances, the attitudes that lead you to be a stumbling block for your brothers and for yourselves; see how limply you fall into sin, look at the ease with which you say no to those who need you, look within at your attitudes, at your persistent arrogance towards your brothers and sisters. I do not need great intellectuals but humble creatures who will allow me to meld them. You are living in urgent times! On high you will see phenomena that you have not seen before, coming from space; these are arising due to a meteorite that is approaching the earth; its force causes the movement of elements in space, bringing about phenomena that are new for humanity. Beloved children, I see you preparing to go to fight as if you were preparing for a party; being excessively imprudent, you give embarrassing excuses for carrying out the plans that you have set out for yourselves... I am not speaking only of the countries most mentioned recently, but of countries that have been in constant warfare since ancient times. The time has arrived when anger will take hold of my children and lead them into a bloody confrontation. Various countries will face each other in war. My pain is deep! Pray, children, pray: from within my church there will come news that will shake humanity! Pray, children, pray: war is gaining strength - evil is providing what is necessary. Pray, children, pray: the earth will shake forcefully as its core remains almost motionless. Pray, children, pray for the United States: various states will be shaken. Pray, children, pray for Mexico: it will be strongly shaken. Pray, children, pray for Finland: its soil will shake. It is necessary for you to carefully keep the candles blessed on February 2nd: they will not only be of use for the days of darkness, but also for the darkness that will come beforehand. Pray the holy rosary: pray with your heart. Be aware of what I am telling you, not in order to frighten you, but so that you would change your works and actions, so that hypocrisy would not accompany you. You are working for my Kingdom, and in my Kingdom, my will is the actor and the spectator. My desire is that you would love one another as I love you, that you would respect one another; that you would respect my instruments; with discernment, keep what is good. It is urgent that you understand one another and live in peace, before the arrival of so many changes that are at the gates, coming from those who give orders to my children. Be humble, everyone will need everyone: life is not a contest. My beloved ones, receive my help: I will never abandon you, never! I will send my angel of peace to help you, to the places where my children take refuge. My Mother, who is the Mother of love, protects you. My Archangels protect you. My guardian angels accompany you. I love you, children, I bless you. Your Lord and your God. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

February 06 2023 – Archangel Michael 
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Receive the blessing of the most Holy Trinity and of our Queen and Mother of the End Times. My heavenly legions are protecting you. You must be creatures of good and invoke divine assistance at all times, making supplication for the help of your guardian angels, who want you to trust in them. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, be lovers of the Holy Spirit and implore his gifts and virtues at this time: this is necessary for you. Children of our Queen and Mother: Pray tirelessly, without hesitation, without holding grudges in your hearts, without wishing evil on your neighbour and without spiritual jealousy, which makes love and unity impossible. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Acting quickly, the antichrist is stirring up the minds of the rulers. The latter ally themselves, giving preference to uniting with the powerful, and among the peoples, humanity is entering into the same violence that is being relayed by all that surrounds humanity. At this moment the earth and humanity are in grave danger due to external threats to the earth and the onslaughts that humanity faces and will face. The antichrist has established alliances and pacts with which the human race itself has given him a place of preference over all of humanity, which he keeps at his orders. This generation must transform itself of its own free will before its time runs out. It is urgent for the human race to return to our King and Lord Jesus Christ, seeing the gravity of what it is experiencing. Facing the constant threat of the use of nuclear weapons, humanity is currently running a grave risk to human beings. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Pray to our Queen and Mother, asking her intercession, so that she would lead you to meet her Divine Son. Pray, pray with true repentance for having offended a God who is so good, so merciful. Pray, pray for Israel: confusion is leading it into chaos and its ground will shake. Pray, pray for Sweden, it will suffer due to the shaking of the earth. Beloved children, advance towards holiness. In these final moments you have two paths: Good or evil... Growing spiritually or surrendering to the things of the world. May the peace of God be in every heart throughout humanity. I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

February 14 2023 – Holy Mary 
Beloved children of my heart: I bless you; I protect you; I assist you... Children, earth’s four cardinal points are protected by St. Michael the Archangel and his legions. The heavenly armies watch over all humanity, waiting for some human being’s call-in order to come to guard it and keep it away from the devil. Temptation dwells in the midst of humanity. There are more who fall into temptation than who resist it out of love for my Divine Son and on account of their personal spiritual growth. It is a grave matter when a person who is not tempted seeks sin... The state of souls is grave in this very serious time in which you are living... The disrespect of men for women or of women for men, which has reached its highest expression, is a grave matter… few are those who are faithful to my Divine Son, fleeing from temptation so as not to fall prey to sin. Beloved children, at this very moment you find yourselves in the midst of what I have revealed and is yet to be fulfilled in this generation. The Holy Trinity act with their mercy towards humanity, tasking you with praying, working and acting rightly, in order that the intensity of the fulfilment of the revelations would be lessened. Give thanks, children, pray, make reparation and accompany my Divine Son, present in the most holy sacrament of the altar. You are well aware that some prophecies are not subject to the response of humanity: these must be fulfilled so that the greatest number of souls may be saved. Beloved children, this is the hour of darkness in which the power of some nations over humanity is making itself felt; oppression due to armaments is increasing and my children suffer. O time of lamentation! O time of pain! O time of impiety! Children, pray: I am calling you, not others. I do not call the dead who cannot hear - it is you whom I call to pray: Holy, holy, holy, Lord God of Hosts, heaven and earth are full of your glory. Glory to the Gather, glory to the Don, glory to the Holy Spirit. Keep your inner peace; you are children of God - nothing can disturb you unless you allow it. Be firm in the faith, be humble creatures of peace and fraternity. Children, powers that seem continents away will be very close… These are moments of pain and fear, but a child of my Divine Son should not fear, because St. Michael the Archangel, St. Gabriel the Archangel and St. Raphael the Archangel is there to help you at all times. Blessings are spread over the children of my Divine Son: may they not be overcome with fear nor dominated by their minds. Praying with the heart and attending the Eucharistic Celebration are of great spiritual benefit. Pray, my children, pray for the United States: it is threatened. Pray, my children, pray for Peru: it will suffer due to the shaking of the earth. Pray, my children, pray for the conversion of the greatest number of human beings, that they might find refuge in God. Pray, children, pray. Receive my maternal blessing. I love you, children of my heart, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

February 18 2023 – Holy Mary
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: I hold you in my lap so that you may be safe. Take my hands, I will lead you to my Divine Son. Take the love of my Divine Son so that you may be a testimony of acting and acting in his likeness. Be fraternal, do not be like the pharisees, who as great teachers speak so easily in the name of God, being whited sepulchres. This moment of urgency and conversion is a sign of the speed with which the strongest events of the fulfilment of my prophecies are coming. How much you will regret having lost every second of your life, without entering into the true unity with the Paternal House, without entering into the sacred scriptures and discovering in every word the Divine Love to which you are called every moment! Beloved children, spiritual growth must be priority, it is necessary that you be converted, convinced children, living in faith and fraternity. This moment is urgent for humanity, before the arrival of natural events of great force, not seen before, although announced by this Mother. This moment is urgent in the face of the constant threats of war between powers. The plague is coming again, you must maintain what you have received by Divine Will to face the diseases. For the skin have calendula, it is necessary that you do not forget it at the slightest sign on the skin, use it. Apply the good Samaritan oil daily in a small amount. Several countries will witness signs from above, which will shake humanity. Some will seek to reconcile with my Divine Son out of fear, then turn away... In the countries where these signs will be seen, they will suffer from nature or directly from war. Humanity is involved in social, religious and political upheavals, struggling for subsistence, submerged in the mundane, they are precipitated to the precipice and this Mother suffers great pain.... In The Church of my Divine Son, the most dense and tenuous fog has penetrated at the same time to confuse the people of God, causing division until schism is achieved. Beloved children of my heart, convert without waiting, the shortened days show the severity of my revelations, so that you may decide to be more of my Divine Son and less of the world. Children, you will live the fiercest scarcity, prepare spiritually and then prepare materially. Mercy, repentance, forgiveness, will be the plea of the human creature. And in the end, you will be heard, the infinite mercy will welcome you and then on earth you will see the food germinate again. Beloved children, come to the celebration of the feast of the imposition of ashes, entering the time of Lent. Come in a special way this Ash Wednesday. Pray children, pray for Finland, it is shaken. Pray children, pray for Panama, it is shaken. Pray children, pray for Mexico, this land is shaken. Pray children, pray, heaven is sending signs to its children. Pray children, pray for Chile, it suffers an earthquake. Pray children, pray for the news coming out of the church, I call you to prayer. Beloved children of my heart: Pray with a contrite and humiliated heart. I do not forsake you, be creatures of goodness. I bless you; I remain with you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

February 21 2023 – Archangel Michael 
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: As prince of the heavenly legions, by Divine Will I come to you. Invoke your guardian angels. For every human being it is indispensable to remain close to their guardian angel. You have received so many blessings from the Father's House, poured out by the Holy Spirit! - those which are necessary for this time of the loss of faith, of darkness, of confusion and of modernization. The time has come when The Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ has cracked deeply in the face of the modernization to which it has been led. How prayer, reparation, penance, fasting, confession and receiving our King and Lord Jesus Christ in the Holy Eucharist have been abandoned! How you have forgotten the one who has loved you most! What contempt for the one who gave himself for each one of you! You keep the cross on the shoulders of our King and Lord Jesus Christ on the path of bitterness, like the path that humanity is traveling at this moment, heading towards the purification. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: The time has been shortened and the prophecies will be fulfilled without delay. Humanity has been seized and led to suffer, and the demands on the human race are increasing without your being able to oppose the earthly power that is coming to light and showing itself as it is. You will have to possess the same identification in order to move, otherwise you will be totally discriminated against. The man of perdition is going through several countries giving instructions. Spirituality is an object of derision... You are being led to renounce spirituality. Be aware that the loss of the life of a person of power in the world will be a tragic reason for sounding the alarm. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, war is at its height and the holy places of Christianity will be obliterated by the state of war. Unite in prayer... Look at your works and actions and feel true sorrow for your offenses against our King and Lord Jesus Christ... Be that little remnant of children of the most Holy Trinity who watch without the light of supplication and fidelity being extinguished... Without love for our King and Lord Jesus Christ, without true faith, without prayer and participation in the eucharistic celebration, without receiving Holy Communion, you will not be able to survive until the moment of the triumph while being faithful. Those who love our Queen and Mother are protected in a special way... Through her intercession they will succeed in remaining faithful. My legions are waiting for a single call on the part of a human being in order to help. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: How difficult it will be for those who dismiss the prophecies to face what is to come without having prepared! It is very important that you come in order to have ashes imposed on you. It is very important... Pray, pray for Mexico, its soil will shake. Pray, pray for Bolivia, it will suffer because of nature. Pray for France, it will suffer socially and through nature. Pray for Spain, it will suffer due to its children and through nature. Pray for Pakistan, its soil will shake. Pray for Japan, it will suffer due to an earthquake of great magnitude. Pray, food will become scarce. You are living in times of war, but not everyone is suffering from it. After the public declaration of war, it will spread to all humanity. Begin this Lent as if it were your last... Maintain your faith and serenity: you are not alone. My legions are all over the earth to help you. You have divine protection and the maternity of our Queen and Mother of the end times. Be assured that in the end, the Immaculate Heart of Mary will triumph. Pray the holy rosary from the heart. Receive my blessing. In one single heart, St. Michael the Archangel and my angelic legions. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

February 26 2023 – Archangel Michael 
Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I come to you by Divine Will, I come with My angelic legions. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, you are loved by your King, you are loved by Our Queen and Mother. I urge you to reflect on your actions and conduct. Consciously living through Lent is a blessing for the soul of creation. Ongoing feuds continue to be a trigger among nations possessing weapons of mass destruction. Nations with nuclear weapons are fully aware of the evil they will cause. Keep peace, brotherhood with your neighbours, and be creatures of prayer who strive to remain united with Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and with Our Queen and Blessed Mother. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for France, which is suffering greatly from the fires of waste. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, keep peace in your hearts at times of strength for humanity; at times when the earth is still moving strongly at one point or another. Water carries where the scorching sun suffocates human creatures, yet the sun leads to great fires. Feed yourselves spiritually, grow in faith, pray the Holy Rosary. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Ecuador. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Argentina, its capital will be shaken with force. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Peru and Central America, they are shaken. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Mexico, it is shaken mightily. Pray children of Our King and the Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Asia, she is suffering, she is shaken and the water is rushing to her. You don't want to believe; you skip knowing the Calls of God's Will and only want me to tell you about God's infinite Mercy! God's Mercy is infinite, and only the Holy Trinity knows the degree of its fulfilment in human creation, not forgetting our Queen and Mother of Divine Mercy, the intercessor of all mankind. Call for mercy, but change, children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, change in your actions and deeds, be beings of kindness and prayer, so that your faith will not waver. Call!!! That you unite in prayer and in prayer trust that you are not abandoned, but are guarded by My Heavenly Legions. Our Queen and Mother of the End Times is holding you in Her Motherly Shelter. They are the apple of God's eye. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, do not fear, keep your unity with the Holy Trinity and with Our Queen and Mother, do not be afraid.... In the midst of the pestilence that is already on earth, pray with your hearts and use the medicines you have received from Heaven. Then the pestilence will pass away and you will be healthy. In the midst of the famine, My Legions will bring food to the human creature to satisfy the hunger. Do not be afraid, God does not abandon you. My Legions are ready to help you. The Father's house is given to His children, remember that good is greater, even when you live in the midst of war. The good is greater and you will experience true Miracles. I leave you in Divine Peace. I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel and My Angelic Legions. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.
