2023-1-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
Dear Children, thank you for responding to my call in your hearts. My children, the times toward which you are going will be hard and that is why I ask you to increase your prayer and especially the prayer of the Holy Rosary, a powerful weapon against evil.  My children, now more than before you will need protection, you no longer have the lightning rod praying for you but you must be ready and prepare for this transformation of your soul. Let the light touch you; do not be caught up in iniquity. Today evil celebrates by believing it has won, taking souls away, deluding them that the lights of the way, power and lust, are more important than prayer and God. Children, fire will fall from heaven because the earth needs to be purified. So many will be the natural disasters, earthquakes and floods, which will come as never before. I ask for prayers for the Church and the men in it, corrupt, now they have lost their way, many priests, bishops and cardinals are in confusion. I ask the priests: listen and believe my words otherwise hell will await you. My children, I want to save you and I have no more words, please help My sweetest children. My Father is watching you and today many will be the graces that will descend among you. Testify. I tell you that the Holy Father stands before God in Heaven and asks you to love one another. A head of state will be attacked, war will invade Europe. Now I bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. Amen.

2023-1-4 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I come to you sent by the most Holy Trinity. I call you to continue with the arduous work of changing your personal works and actions. The time is coming when, as the fulfilment of events progresses, the wheat will separate from the tares by itself. Evil is continually tempting human beings - all of them: some fall and others persevere, resisting with a firm, mature and conscious faith, without losing hope in the conversion of those who are in a state of sin. My heavenly legions maintain their constant vigilance in defence of souls. You are faced with evil, which through misused technological means, will amaze humanity by creating images in the sky in order to confuse you and thereby lead you down the path contrary to that of the Divine Will. I call you to continue to be "strong in the faith", not allowing faith to fade away. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, Divine Wrath will be poured out upon the earth because of so much sin, perversion and concupiscence. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, earthquakes will continue to strike the earth hard. Pray for Japan. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the modernist trends that have infiltrated The Church wish to remove the Master of the flock from his own Church. Pray, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: the devil is attacking The Church from within her, causing confusion. People of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray tirelessly, defend the faith by the hand of our Queen and Mother, in the face of the growing confusion in the Church. Children of God, without being divided, live out the faith with firmness. Do not be persecutors of your brothers and sisters. Humanity forgets those who suffer because of war, and war will spread over the earth, leaving destruction, affliction and pain in its wake. Be aware that the devil is directing those who control man. You will again live in your homes; keep your peace. You are entering into a chaotic time for all humanity. Famine is approaching and along with it, plagues of rodents will come to the cities. Without panicking, be assured that you are not alone. Be creatures of faith, hope and charity. Continue to be attentive to the progression of war between nations and to spiritual warfare. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, keep growing spiritually, give your hand to our Queen and Mother. Remain on spiritual alert. I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-1-9 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart, my love holds you within my heart. As the Mother of humanity, I lead you on sure paths so that you would not be lost. As a Mother I make announcements to you in order that you would take precautions, and I warn you out of love. Be clear as to who is a true Christian: the person whose life is cantered on my Divine Son. You are experiencing moments of uncertainty: you go from one place to another in search of the truth. You wish to know the future while being incapable of living worthily in the present as children of God. The Church of my Son is becoming more divided. My favoured sons are divided. An attack will cause The Church of my Son to go into schism. True doctrine will prevail and my Son will always be the King of his mystical body. This generation of modernism will fall into its own trap.... Disease will appear, stronger and more contagious. The powerful will be dominant, to the astonishment of my children who, without believing it, will have to march to war. They will go from provocation to the horror of the use of nuclear energy. Food shortages will be felt in the world. Various countries in conflict will be plunged into battle. As a Mother, I grieve for my children... The person with faith hopes: others despair and there is fighting in the streets. Pray, my children, pray for England: it will suffer due to war. Pray, my children, pray, great volcanoes will erupt; the core of the earth is burning and is being magnetized by the heavenly body that is approaching. Pray, my children, pray for San Francisco, its soil will shake. Pray, my children, pray for the church; she has entered into trial... Fog has covered her and schism approaches. Pray, my children, pray, pray, pray tirelessly; pray by making every work and act a prayer. Pray, my children, pray in faith: pray for all humanity. Pray, my children, pray, pray: The Church has suffered, suffers and will suffer because of freemasonry. Pray, my children, pray. I see so many spiritual corpses without faith or love for The Church of my Son. Pray my children, darkness will come and my children will suffer. I bless you with my motherly love, I bless you with my suffering. Bless one another. My Divine Son grieves over the suffering of his children. Convert out of love for my Divine Son. Continue without fear, being true children of my Divine Son. Do not fear: you are not alone. Have a firm faith, children: continue walking without faltering. I bless you, children of my heart. Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-1-13 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I am sent by the most Holy Trinity. As prince of the heavenly legions, I share with you the Divine Word. Divine Love for each of its children does not diminish: it remains active. The more you move away from our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the more exposed you are to falling into the clutches of the devil. What does the human being achieve by moving away from the Divine Will? It succeeds in entering into the darkness coming out of hell in order to lead you to commit evil acts and do evil works. The clock goes on without turning back; on the contrary, it advances towards each of the prophecies that our Queen and Mother has communicated to you as children of God. Some prophecies have been misinterpreted, not by those who received them, but by those who, in their eagerness to interpret them, have not taken into account the spiritual aspect of each one of them, and that is why they are amazed at how some prophecies have unfolded. There is one Divine Word, and that is how its true instruments have received it. In the past a prophecy was made partially known so as not to alarm humanity and not to bring forward serious events concerning The Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. The Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ is rocking like a ship in the midst of a great storm. Discern, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ! Discern at this moment in which you find yourselves! The prophecies are being fulfilled, with one generating the fulfilment of the next. It is urgent that you grow in faith... It is urgent that your faith be strengthened by the Holy Eucharist and strengthened by praying the holy rosary, weapon of the end times. Humanity will be surprised by the news of an attack by one nation against another. The antichrist is on the rise; his desire is to dominate everyone… As children of God, continue to be faithful to the tradition of the magisterium of the church. Receive the body and blood of our King and Lord Jesus Christ in the Eucharist and pray the holy rosary from the heart. Pray, pray, being aware of the power of each prayer. Pray, pray: humanity will continue to be surprised by nature. Pray, pray: earthquakes of great magnitude will occur. Pray, pray: every human being who fulfils the will of God is a beacon of light for their brothers and sisters. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: water will purify humanity. Ice will shake man, taking him by surprise. Winds will come with great force. Plague will come quickly. It is necessary to pray for your brothers and sisters who are suffering. Prayer is urgently needed. It is necessary for humanity to pray for those who suffer and will suffer all over the earth. Look at the signs and signals that humanity is receiving. Praying the holy rosary and the holy Trisagion delivers those who are devout. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Remain attentive and united to the most Holy Trinity and take the hand of our Queen and Mother. Prostrating yourselves, adore the Triune God for those who suffer across the earth. Be souls of reparation. I bless you with my sword held high. Onward in faith, onward in hope! St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-1-17 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of my heart: I bless you with my Motherhood, I bless you with my love. In the end my Immaculate Heart will triumph. The Church of my Son will live through moments of confusion in which the fog will not allow you to see clearly the source of the innovations directed at the mystical body of my Son and which are contrary to the tradition of the Church. Beloved children: I call you not to lose faith, but to increase it, anticipating, with the knowledge of sacred scripture, how to fulfil the Law of God and the sacraments, which will be confusing for others. In the end my Immaculate Heart will triumph. The conflicts within humanity will be greater. The infernal dragon is continually attacking you by sending you lovelessness, envy and disrespect so that you would deny fraternity, this being part of the moral decadence in which you are living. My Son's church has divided. Children, do not stray from the principles of the gospel. My Son loves you: you are his flock. Children, you must worship my Son continually, without rest, so that the infernal beast would not poison your thinking. Remain in prayer, making reparation and resembling my Divine Son. Do not be afraid facing persecution; keep the faith, not forgetting that those who stand in the truth of the faith are greatly blessed in not hiding being Christians and in not allowing themselves to be deceived. In the end my Immaculate Heart will triumph. All of humanity are spiritual stones of the edifice of the church: all are important in this edifice. I hold you by my hand so that would not go astray in the face of the dazzling acts of the antichrist. You know my Divine Son and you know that he does not need spectacle in order to demonstrate that he is God. Pray, children, pray for all of humanity, so that it would be able to distinguish the truth. Pray, children, pray, faced by war that is lying dormant. Pray, children, pray: the force of nature will continue to scourge man throughout the earth. Pray, children, pray: the sun will keep man in suspense. Pray, children, pray: darkness will come unsolicited. Pray, children, pray: you are the children of my Divine Son, you are loved and called by him to remain faithful and firm in the faith. Children, what is to come for humanity will be hard: it is purification, therefore keep your faith continually nourished. Beloved children: My Divine Son remains with you and you will receive the crown of glory for remaining faithful to the true magisterium. You are not alone: the angelic legions will come to those faithful children who wait with love and patience for the great moment of the final triumph - without despair, but with faith, worshiping my Divine Son in spirit and truth. I bless you with my Motherhood, I bless you with my love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

2023-1-23 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: As prince of the heavenly legions, by Divine Will, I urge you to be obedient and to look with clarity at what is happening in the world and among the great powers. Each one of you, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, should keep your faith growing constantly in order for you not to decline. There are so many human beings walking in darkness that your guardian angels are constantly suffering, due to the foolishness, the disobedience, the lack of love for neighbour on the part of those who are increasingly joining false ideologies. You are receiving invitations to live a spirituality that is supposedly more convenient and suited to these times of modernism, these calls coming from those who are orchestrating the platform of the antichrist. Everything will change! ... You must be prepared spiritually and materially - now! Very serious changes will occur at the hands of the oppressors and humanity will undergo great tribulation. The Church of our Lord and King Jesus Christ is becoming even more divided, accepting forms of modernisms that alienate the faithful. The churches will cease to be places of prayer, of communion with our King and Lord Jesus Christ and places where you gather to venerate our Queen and Mother. Churches will be for holding worldly events, prayers will not be heard and the schism of The Church will be latent. Confusion will be widespread. A number of souls will remain faithful and will march to the end being faithful. Our Queen and Mother are protecting you, intent on guarding you in the final battle. Do you want to be saved? Turn away from what is worldly, comfortable, easy, from what harms the soul, so that the effort made would bear fruits of eternal life. Measures against humanity are intensifying: confusion is taking hold of human beings and the signs and signals that are appearing warn about the purification. As humanity, you are walking into the hands of evil, being subject to it. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, continue without fear, not forgetting that you can repent until the last moment. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Vatican City: suffering is fast approaching. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray that the church, the mystical body of Christ, would be faithful to our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for the Pacific coast of Latin America. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray and act in peace; the will of God has arranged everything. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Indonesia, it will be strongly shaken. Pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray and keep in mind that the gates of hell will not prevail against The Church. Pray, children, pray, children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: nature continues its advance. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, continue without fear: our Queen and Mother of the end times protects you from evil. Be worthy children of the King, be worthy of motherly love. Pray with your heart, bear in mind that we protect you and will not forsake you. Be human beings of sincere heart; work and act in peace. Do not be hasty, for the most Holy Trinity hold everything that happens in their hand. Love the Divine Will. My legions protect you. I bless you, beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, with my sword held high. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

2023-1-27 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of my Heart. You are blessed by me! As Mother I want nobody to be lost, I want to lead you to my Divine Son. I come to call you to remain attentive to the changes designed by the powerful, so that all humanity would walk as one, plunging into the abyss. Decisive changes are coming for all humanity; this is the period when my children must prepare themselves. You will once again be sent to work from home and the activities necessary for the survival of the peoples will decrease... The forces of evil are raging against you, so I have called you to strengthen yourselves spiritually before the very serious events that you are going to face. Some of my children will return to my Son. Beloved children, with firm faith you will overcome the oppression that you will face. It is each person’s duty to increase their faith by Divine Mercy, even if the waiting has been long. Children, the consequences of the present conflicts will spread as more countries join in; and the strife will reach the point where the human race will take the fatal decision to use nuclear energy. You cannot imagine the devastation! The innocent will suffer and saint Michael and his legions will take them away. All humanity will taste the bitterness of the progress of misused technology. This is a time of suffering; so many years have gone by for humanity awaiting the fulfilment of my revelations. The time is now! The calls will come to a halt, not because the Divine Will decrees it, but because you will not have the means to make them reach humanity. I invite you to have them on paper. The sun continues to affect the earth and man does not notice the alterations to the earth's core.  Do not fear, children: this Queen and Mother of the end times is continually watching over you. Beloved of my Son: Keep a crucifix. Keep an image of me under the title that each person wishes, keep prayer books. Those who do not have candles that have been blessed on the day of the presentation of my Son in the Temple, when at the same time my title of our lady of the candles is celebrated, should take them to be blessed. Not because it is already the three days of darkness, but because they will receive a special blessing for the appropriate moments. My children, store honey and seeds, as well as almonds, walnuts, groundnuts or peanuts and food. Children, nature will make itself felt with greater force; humanity will not feel safe anywhere. The Church of my Son is sick because of lack of love for my Son. The Divine Will shall be fulfilled in the church, not without first purifying it following great trials. Faithful children, persist in faith: you will not be abandoned. My Divine Son will prevail, the Holy Eucharist will always remain. Dearly beloved children, a celestial body is approaching the earth; it will make itself felt on earth, altering it. Do not fear, I remain vigilant in this regard: show foresight. It is St. Michael the Archangel and his celestial legions who are defending you at this time. Beloved children of my Divine Son, the devil has his sights set on the destruction of families. Pray the holy rosary at home; if you must pray alone, pray alone at home. What is essential is to pray with the heart. Be creatures of good, be loving children of my Divine Son and make reparation for those who offend you. Pray for those who do not pray and who attack The Church of my Son. Continue on your way, do not stop at this moment and be faithful to my Divine Son. Receive my blessing: in the name of the father of the son and of the holy spirit. Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-2-2 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my blessing remains within each one of you; it flourishes in those who dispose themselves to live in my Will. In those who allow their human self to prevail with all its wretchedness, and who adopt innovations that neither belong to me nor are my will, my blessing does not bear fruit until they convert. How it pains me when you throw me out of your lives in order to join the ranks of evil! Confusion is being promoted by the antichrist, who is moving in Europe, supported by the powerful, leading them towards freemasonry. You are walking in the midst of great traps set by the minions of the antichrist and you do not see them. You continue living without thinking about what is looming over humanity, and you will be surprised, you will be surprised... You are at a turning point within the history of Christianity, from which you will emerge polished, like precious stones. Children, watch the signs of the times carefully and find my love within each word coming from my mouth. I love you, my children; obey my calls. The medicines you have received from my house for the illnesses that you will face are only to be used as we have instructed you. Humanity is being led to total change. The path to be taken is being set by worldly power, from this moment on... You are living in warfare and it will spread at a great pace. I invite you to meditate on how you have worked and acted during your lives. I want you to prepare yourselves prior to the beginning of Lent, because the latter should be different, special, with the intention of making a true conversion, and start it honestly, looking at your hindrances, the attitudes that lead you to be a stumbling block for your brothers and for yourselves; see how limply you fall into sin, look at the ease with which you say no to those who need you, look within at your attitudes, at your persistent arrogance towards your brothers and sisters. I do not need great intellectuals but humble creatures who will allow me to meld them. You are living in urgent times! On high you will see phenomena that you have not seen before, coming from space; these are arising due to a meteorite that is approaching the earth; its force causes the movement of elements in space, bringing about phenomena that are new for humanity. Beloved children, I see you preparing to go to fight as if you were preparing for a party; being excessively imprudent, you give embarrassing excuses for carrying out the plans that you have set out for yourselves... I am not speaking only of the countries most mentioned recently, but of countries that have been in constant warfare since ancient times. The time has arrived when anger will take hold of my children and lead them into a bloody confrontation. Various countries will face each other in war. My pain is deep! Pray, children, pray: from within my church there will come news that will shake humanity! Pray, children, pray: war is gaining strength - evil is providing what is necessary. Pray, children, pray: the earth will shake forcefully as its core remains almost motionless. Pray, children, pray for the United States: various states will be shaken. Pray, children, pray for Mexico: it will be strongly shaken. Pray, children, pray for Finland: its soil will shake. It is necessary for you to carefully keep the candles blessed on February 2nd: they will not only be of use for the days of darkness, but also for the darkness that will come beforehand. Pray the holy rosary: pray with your heart. Be aware of what I am telling you, not in order to frighten you, but so that you would change your works and actions, so that hypocrisy would not accompany you. You are working for my Kingdom, and in my Kingdom, my will is the actor and the spectator. My desire is that you would love one another as I love you, that you would respect one another; that you would respect my instruments; with discernment, keep what is good. It is urgent that you understand one another and live in peace, before the arrival of so many changes that are at the gates, coming from those who give orders to my children. Be humble, everyone will need everyone: life is not a contest. My beloved ones, receive my help: I will never abandon you, never! I will send my angel of peace to help you, to the places where my children take refuge. My Mother, who is the Mother of love, protects you. My Archangels protect you. My guardian angels accompany you. I love you, children, I bless you. Your Lord and your God. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-2-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
Dear children, thank you for responding to my call in your heart. My beloved ones, be close to the sacraments. My children, follow the Gospel and walk the path of holiness, Jesus is near you when I have called upon Him with my heart. My children, remove from your lives the vices, along with all the sins you are committing, for this is not the road that leads to God. I would like to remind you, that scurrying to be first or to be liked is not God's will, but be humble and small, only then can you enter the Kingdom of Heaven. My children, I ask you to pray for the Middle East, for Italy and France, pray for your brothers and sisters because humanity is heading toward the abyss.  Open your hearts to the action of the Holy Spirit. Children, persecution has begun for you, you will fight among brothers, Peter cannot steer the boat because sin surrounds him everywhere, along with iniquity, that is why Jesus continues to weep. Now I bless you in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, amen. Many will be the graces that will descend today, bear witness; I also bless all the sacred objects you carry on you.

2023-2-6 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Receive the blessing of the most Holy Trinity and of our Queen and Mother of the End Times. My heavenly legions are protecting you. You must be creatures of good and invoke divine assistance at all times, making supplication for the help of your guardian angels, who want you to trust in them. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, be lovers of the Holy Spirit and implore his gifts and virtues at this time: this is necessary for you. Children of our Queen and Mother: Pray tirelessly, without hesitation, without holding grudges in your hearts, without wishing evil on your neighbour and without spiritual jealousy, which makes love and unity impossible. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Acting quickly, the antichrist is stirring up the minds of the rulers. The latter ally themselves, giving preference to uniting with the powerful, and among the peoples, humanity is entering into the same violence that is being relayed by all that surrounds humanity. At this moment the earth and humanity are in grave danger due to external threats to the earth and the onslaughts that humanity faces and will face. The antichrist has established alliances and pacts with which the human race itself has given him a place of preference over all of humanity, which he keeps at his orders. This generation must transform itself of its own free will before its time runs out. It is urgent for the human race to return to our King and Lord Jesus Christ, seeing the gravity of what it is experiencing. Facing the constant threat of the use of nuclear weapons, humanity is currently running a grave risk to human beings. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Pray to our Queen and Mother, asking her intercession, so that she would lead you to meet her Divine Son. Pray, pray with true repentance for having offended a God who is so good, so merciful. Pray, pray for Israel: confusion is leading it into chaos and its ground will shake. Pray, pray for Sweden, it will suffer due to the shaking of the earth. Beloved children, advance towards holiness. In these final moments you have two paths: Good or evil... Growing spiritually or surrendering to the things of the world. May the peace of God be in every heart throughout humanity. I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-2-14 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of my heart: I bless you; I protect you; I assist you... Children, earth’s four cardinal points are protected by St. Michael the Archangel and his legions. The heavenly armies watch over all humanity, waiting for some human being’s call-in order to come to guard it and keep it away from the devil. Temptation dwells in the midst of humanity. There are more who fall into temptation than who resist it out of love for my Divine Son and on account of their personal spiritual growth. It is a grave matter when a person who is not tempted seeks sin... The state of souls is grave in this very serious time in which you are living... The disrespect of men for women or of women for men, which has reached its highest expression, is a grave matter… few are those who are faithful to my Divine Son, fleeing from temptation so as not to fall prey to sin. Beloved children, at this very moment you find yourselves in the midst of what I have revealed and is yet to be fulfilled in this generation. The Holy Trinity act with their mercy towards humanity, tasking you with praying, working and acting rightly, in order that the intensity of the fulfilment of the revelations would be lessened. Give thanks, children, pray, make reparation and accompany my Divine Son, present in the most holy sacrament of the altar. You are well aware that some prophecies are not subject to the response of humanity: these must be fulfilled so that the greatest number of souls may be saved. Beloved children, this is the hour of darkness in which the power of some nations over humanity is making itself felt; oppression due to armaments is increasing and my children suffer. O time of lamentation! O time of pain! O time of impiety! Children, pray: I am calling you, not others. I do not call the dead who cannot hear - it is you whom I call to pray: Holy, holy, holy, Lord God of Hosts, heaven and earth are full of your glory. Glory to the Gather, glory to the Don, glory to the Holy Spirit. Keep your inner peace; you are children of God - nothing can disturb you unless you allow it. Be firm in the faith, be humble creatures of peace and fraternity. Children, powers that seem continents away will be very close… These are moments of pain and fear, but a child of my Divine Son should not fear, because St. Michael the Archangel, St. Gabriel the Archangel and St. Raphael the Archangel is there to help you at all times. Blessings are spread over the children of my Divine Son: may they not be overcome with fear nor dominated by their minds. Praying with the heart and attending the Eucharistic Celebration are of great spiritual benefit. Pray, my children, pray for the United States: it is threatened. Pray, my children, pray for Peru: it will suffer due to the shaking of the earth. Pray, my children, pray for the conversion of the greatest number of human beings, that they might find refuge in God. Pray, children, pray. Receive my maternal blessing. I love you, children of my heart, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-2-18 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of my Immaculate Heart: I hold you in my lap so that you may be safe. Take my hands, I will lead you to my Divine Son. Take the love of my Divine Son so that you may be a testimony of acting and acting in his likeness. Be fraternal, do not be like the pharisees, who as great teachers speak so easily in the name of God, being whited sepulchres. This moment of urgency and conversion is a sign of the speed with which the strongest events of the fulfilment of my prophecies are coming. How much you will regret having lost every second of your life, without entering into the true unity with the Paternal House, without entering into the sacred scriptures and discovering in every word the Divine Love to which you are called every moment! Beloved children, spiritual growth must be priority, it is necessary that you be converted, convinced children, living in faith and fraternity. This moment is urgent for humanity, before the arrival of natural events of great force, not seen before, although announced by this Mother. This moment is urgent in the face of the constant threats of war between powers. The plague is coming again, you must maintain what you have received by Divine Will to face the diseases. For the skin have calendula, it is necessary that you do not forget it at the slightest sign on the skin, use it. Apply the good Samaritan oil daily in a small amount. Several countries will witness signs from above, which will shake humanity. Some will seek to reconcile with my Divine Son out of fear, then turn away... In the countries where these signs will be seen, they will suffer from nature or directly from war. Humanity is involved in social, religious and political upheavals, struggling for subsistence, submerged in the mundane, they are precipitated to the precipice and this Mother suffers great pain.... In The Church of my Divine Son, the most dense and tenuous fog has penetrated at the same time to confuse the people of God, causing division until schism is achieved. Beloved children of my heart, convert without waiting, the shortened days show the severity of my revelations, so that you may decide to be more of my Divine Son and less of the world. Children, you will live the fiercest scarcity, prepare spiritually and then prepare materially. Mercy, repentance, forgiveness, will be the plea of the human creature. And in the end, you will be heard, the infinite mercy will welcome you and then on earth you will see the food germinate again. Beloved children, come to the celebration of the feast of the imposition of ashes, entering the time of Lent. Come in a special way this Ash Wednesday. Pray children, pray for Finland, it is shaken. Pray children, pray for Panama, it is shaken. Pray children, pray for Mexico, this land is shaken. Pray children, pray, heaven is sending signs to its children. Pray children, pray for Chile, it suffers an earthquake. Pray children, pray for the news coming out of the church, I call you to prayer. Beloved children of my heart: Pray with a contrite and humiliated heart. I do not forsake you, be creatures of goodness. I bless you; I remain with you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. 

2023-2-21 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: As prince of the heavenly legions, by Divine Will I come to you. Invoke your guardian angels. For every human being it is indispensable to remain close to their guardian angel. You have received so many blessings from the Father's House, poured out by the Holy Spirit! - those which are necessary for this time of the loss of faith, of darkness, of confusion and of modernization. The time has come when The Church of our King and Lord Jesus Christ has cracked deeply in the face of the modernization to which it has been led. How prayer, reparation, penance, fasting, confession and receiving our King and Lord Jesus Christ in the Holy Eucharist have been abandoned! How you have forgotten the one who has loved you most! What contempt for the one who gave himself for each one of you! You keep the cross on the shoulders of our King and Lord Jesus Christ on the path of bitterness, like the path that humanity is traveling at this moment, heading towards the purification. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: The time has been shortened and the prophecies will be fulfilled without delay. Humanity has been seized and led to suffer, and the demands on the human race are increasing without your being able to oppose the earthly power that is coming to light and showing itself as it is. You will have to possess the same identification in order to move, otherwise you will be totally discriminated against. The man of perdition is going through several countries giving instructions. Spirituality is an object of derision... You are being led to renounce spirituality. Be aware that the loss of the life of a person of power in the world will be a tragic reason for sounding the alarm. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, war is at its height and the holy places of Christianity will be obliterated by the state of war. Unite in prayer... Look at your works and actions and feel true sorrow for your offenses against our King and Lord Jesus Christ... Be that little remnant of children of the most Holy Trinity who watch without the light of supplication and fidelity being extinguished... Without love for our King and Lord Jesus Christ, without true faith, without prayer and participation in the eucharistic celebration, without receiving Holy Communion, you will not be able to survive until the moment of the triumph while being faithful. Those who love our Queen and Mother are protected in a special way... Through her intercession they will succeed in remaining faithful. My legions are waiting for a single call on the part of a human being in order to help. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ: How difficult it will be for those who dismiss the prophecies to face what is to come without having prepared! It is very important that you come in order to have ashes imposed on you. It is very important... Pray, pray for Mexico, its soil will shake. Pray, pray for Bolivia, it will suffer because of nature. Pray for France, it will suffer socially and through nature. Pray for Spain, it will suffer due to its children and through nature. Pray for Pakistan, its soil will shake. Pray for Japan, it will suffer due to an earthquake of great magnitude. Pray, food will become scarce. You are living in times of war, but not everyone is suffering from it. After the public declaration of war, it will spread to all humanity. Begin this Lent as if it were your last... Maintain your faith and serenity: you are not alone. My legions are all over the earth to help you. You have divine protection and the maternity of our Queen and Mother of the end times. Be assured that in the end, the Immaculate Heart of Mary will triumph. Pray the holy rosary from the heart. Receive my blessing. In one single heart, St. Michael the Archangel and my angelic legions. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-2-26 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I come to you by Divine Will, I come with My angelic legions. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, you are loved by your King, you are loved by Our Queen and Mother. I urge you to reflect on your actions and conduct. Consciously living through Lent is a blessing for the soul of creation. Ongoing feuds continue to be a trigger among nations possessing weapons of mass destruction. Nations with nuclear weapons are fully aware of the evil they will cause. Keep peace, brotherhood with your neighbours, and be creatures of prayer who strive to remain united with Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and with Our Queen and Blessed Mother. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for France, which is suffering greatly from the fires of waste. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, keep peace in your hearts at times of strength for humanity; at times when the earth is still moving strongly at one point or another. Water carries where the scorching sun suffocates human creatures, yet the sun leads to great fires. Feed yourselves spiritually, grow in faith, pray the Holy Rosary. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Ecuador. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Argentina, its capital will be shaken with force. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Peru and Central America, they are shaken. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Mexico, it is shaken mightily. Pray children of Our King and the Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Asia, she is suffering, she is shaken and the water is rushing to her. You don't want to believe; you skip knowing the Calls of God's Will and only want me to tell you about God's infinite Mercy! God's Mercy is infinite, and only the Holy Trinity knows the degree of its fulfilment in human creation, not forgetting our Queen and Mother of Divine Mercy, the intercessor of all mankind. Call for mercy, but change, children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, change in your actions and deeds, be beings of kindness and prayer, so that your faith will not waver. Call!!! That you unite in prayer and in prayer trust that you are not abandoned, but are guarded by My Heavenly Legions. Our Queen and Mother of the End Times is holding you in Her Motherly Shelter. They are the apple of God's eye. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, do not fear, keep your unity with the Holy Trinity and with Our Queen and Mother, do not be afraid.... In the midst of the pestilence that is already on earth, pray with your hearts and use the medicines you have received from Heaven. Then the pestilence will pass away and you will be healthy. In the midst of the famine, My Legions will bring food to the human creature to satisfy the hunger. Do not be afraid, God does not abandon you. My Legions are ready to help you. The Father's house is given to His children, remember that good is greater, even when you live in the midst of war. The good is greater and you will experience true Miracles. I leave you in Divine Peace. I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel and My Angelic Legions. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-3-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
My children, thank you for listening to my call in your hearts and for kneeling in prayer. My children, I ask you to return to God, without Him you cannot do anything. Learn to listen to Jesus' voice in your heart and during prayer. My children, you are in the world but you are not of the world.  Without God your life would have a different meaning. Always be ready, because this battle will be strong and everything will blossom into a serious war, but still you continue to live as always and with indifference. Open your hearts children, your hearts of stone and let God's light in. Do not be tempted by Satan, he knows he will lose and is attacking you much more, but be certain that good will always win. Be lights in the world to sweep away the darkness that covers you. Pray My children, pray for My beloved children and for the Church. I now caress your hearts as a testimony of my presence in this blessed place. Pray under the Crucifix of Jesus and He will bless you. Now I leave you with my Motherly blessing, in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. Amen.

2023-3-3 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: as prince of the heavenly legions I have come to bring you the divine Word. My Heavenly Legions are ready to defend the children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. At this time the call to conversion is direct and necessary for every human creature, who is increasingly disobedient, selfish and depersonalized. The human creature copies any ideological version, embraces diabolical rituals, adheres to demonic ideologies that spread through society, being a puppet in the hands of evil and acting against our King and Lord Jesus Christ and our Queen and Mother. The universe moves, great changes take place and the human creature looks upwards without crying out for Divine Help... All is lightness and sin! The devil is shown in acts and celebrations of human creatures, anticipating that humanity has surrendered to him. How much they will suffer for such affronts! How weak is the human creature and how they exchange bread for stones! Mankind receives instructions that baffle him at times. These are to be fulfilled in the various aspects of daily life. Everything is going to change, nothing will be the same; therefore, Our Queen and Mother instructs you to be more spiritual and less worldly so that discernment will keep you away from the Evil One. People of God, the spiritual battle is strong, it is strong and you cannot and must not give in in any aspect of life. Stand firm in the Faith, without wavering, being of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and of Our Queen and Mother. People of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: be vigilant, be alert! The tectonic faults were activated before the Earth's core has shifted and the truth has not been mentioned to mankind, exposed to a disastrous earthquake and tsunami. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the changes within the Church continue, changes that confuse the People of God leading some to desert the Church due to the loss of faith, which is taken advantage of by the sectarians of the Devil, leading them to other waters that confuse them and are not those of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Visit the Blessed Sacrament, adore it and make reparation for all humanity. Pray the Holy Rosary with your heart. Call upon your Guardian Angels, ask for My Assistance and that of My Heavenly Legions. The human creature continues his life of pleasure, sin and dishonesty; that is why events will take you by surprise and you will not be able to prepare yourselves in advance for so much sin that abounds. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the weapons possessed by the Bear are unknown to all countries and will take mankind by surprise... Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Italy, it will suffer, communism is scourging it. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, the great famine gives its signs in several countries. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, the Ring of Fire is shaking, several countries enter into great Tribulation. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, prepare for the great Warning. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, this Lent live it in spirit and truth. Beloved of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: this generation suffers and not only suffers, but is an active part of the appearance of the antichrist... but at the same time is an active part of the arrival of the Angel of Peace, sent by the holy trinity and accompanied by our Queen and Mother, to encourage the children of God so that they do not falter in faith. Come, Our King and Lord Jesus Christ is with His children... Come, Our Queen and Mother is with Her children... Come, My Legions protect you... Come, the Saints and Blessed assist you... Do not fear, for Our Queen and Mother is with the children of Her Divine Son. Do not fear, if faith is as big as a mustard seed. You are not forsaken, the Paternal House assists you. You are strengthened by the Holy Spirit. I illumine your path and defend you with My Sword. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-3-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
My children, thank you for listening to my call in your hearts and for kneeling in prayer. My children, I ask you to return to God, without Him you cannot do anything. Learn to listen to Jesus' voice in your heart and during prayer. My children, you are in the world but you are not of the world.  Without God your life would have a different meaning. Always be ready, because this battle will be strong and everything will blossom into a serious war, but still you continue to live as always and with indifference. Open your hearts children, your hearts of stone and let God's light in. Do not be tempted by Satan, he knows he will lose and is attacking you much more, but be certain that good will always win. Be lights in the world to sweep away the darkness that covers you. Pray My children, pray for My beloved children and for the Church. I now caress your hearts as a testimony of my presence in this blessed place. Pray under the Crucifix of Jesus and He will bless you. Now I leave you with my Motherly blessing, in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. Amen.

2023-3-6 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Heart, I keep you protected from the snares... Little children, evil has focused on the children of My Divine Son and as Mother I call you to adore My Son and to be fraternal so that in unity and love, evil will find an impenetrable barrier. Without becoming discouraged, continue walking towards My Divine Son. At every moment advance with strength and firmness in Faith. Only in Faith will you overcome all that happens and will happen. Children, it is necessary that you become aware that you must remain united to the Holy Spirit, asking Him for His Gifts, Graces and Virtues. You live in the moment of the Holy Spirit and you must ask Him with faith and certainty that He constantly blesses you with His love, so that you may possess fraternal love for your brothers. I invite you to invoke the Holy Spirit before the trials, before the needs of each one, before the lack of health of body and soul, before the lukewarm faith or the total lack of faith, before the arrogance and the lack of humility, before the lack of charity with the neighbor, before the envy and before the lack of fraternity: Pray to the Holy Spirit. Come Holy Spirit, You who are the Giver of gifts, fill me with Your Love first, then give me what I need to be a better child of God and then, if I am worthy of a Grace of Your Divinity, fill me with You. Amen. Beloved children: the Holy Spirit will pour upon His faithful ones what is necessary spiritually and physically to face what they will experience, but each human creature must be totally prepared to be clothed with all His gifts. Beloved children, all mankind will face the onslaughts of nature in one way or another. The offenses against My Divine Son are so serious that human creatures will face the collapse of their tower of Babel, which is at this moment technology. The great world blackout is coming and you, my children, continue to disbelieve. You have been instructed to put to paper what you have received and you have not yet done so. The Father House has warned you of a new disease that will spread and you do not believe. To face this new disease you have calendula, fumitory and Good Samaritan Oil. Beloved children of My Divine Son, war will leap upon mankind in the blink of an eye and you will not know how to act. Communism grouped together to be present all over the Earth and to succeed in attacking various targets one after the other. I am sorry for the pain suffered by humanity deformed by so many, even by the one who was supposed to form them and lead them to act and act correctly within the Law of God! Pray children, pray, the sudden strong storms will be more surprising for My children. Pray children, pray, the human creature lives his own religion as he pleases and My Divine Son is pained by it. Pray children, pray, food is scarce and then My children suffer. Pray children, pray for Chile and Indonesia. Darkness looms, however, faith illuminates the path and the hearts of the children of My Divine Son, leading you to live Miracles in which you will feel Divine Love, Divine Mercy, the protection of St. Michael the Archangel and His Legions and My Motherly Protection for each one of you. Call upon Me, I stand before each one of you. I love you and I hold you within My Heart. Convert children, convert! Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-3-11 Argentina - Holy  Mary
Beloved children of My Heart, I call you to adore My Divine Son on behalf of all mankind, I urge you to live this Lent in a permanent effort to be better spiritually. I urge you to live this Lent in a permanent effort to be better spiritually. It is shameful for you to wait for Lent to plan for the Major Week outing to find facilities and go on vacation to the beach, continuing in lust and the overflow of sin! It is shameful that they continue obstinately to be worse every moment, giving themselves to vainglory and to that selfishness that leads them to look at their brothers as less! What pride that floods even through the pores of the skin of those children of this Mother who do not admit a mistake when they have committed it and those who do not know how to ask for forgiveness nor admire with total transparency the virtues of their brothers! This action and behaviour fills Me with sadness before the constant threat in which these children of My Divine Son and of this Mother find themselves. Be prudent, it is necessary that the customs of the past be past and as worthy children of this Mother, 'renew yourselves from within with a generous spirit'. As humanity, you do not see the force that evil has taken within society... You do not wish to see the outrages against My Divine Son at this delicate moment for all of you... My children, the time of Lent calls you to look at your personal actions and actions, not those of others, but your personal actions and to maintain the firm purpose of discarding the bad sinful habits of the past. The elements of Nature are agitated throughout the planet, so that the human creature will be limited in moving from one place to another, the winds will be sudden without giving any indication of the great suffering for the human creature. Beloved children: the church of my divine son has shrunk and confusion has entered into it... My children are in need of advice, guidance, sensitivity, knowledge and reflection. My children, the illness advances and the war may seem to have stopped for a very short time, but it returns with more strength. They make fun of the medicines they have received from the Paternal House... Without sanity they will wander the streets in search of help when the diseases appear and they have nothing to fight them with. Pray beloved children, pray, an unexpected news comes out of Vatican City, the knowers of My Revelations will call your brethren to reconsider. Pray beloved children, pray, the intelligence of My children must be used to advance towards good and not to retreat towards evil. Pray beloved children, pray, the decline of the economy begins and Latin America suffers from a declining dollar. Pray beloved children, pray, the moon goes into eclipse, the sun goes into eclipse... Look at the signs, My children! As a generation you have strayed so far from My Divine Son that the human creature is easy prey to all that comes before his gaze. Beloved children, scarcity begins on Earth, the economy is shaken to its core and My children fall into despair and even take their own lives when they feel that their economy is vanishing. Pay attention, children! Pay attention to the offers of new economic measures, paper will become metal. Beloveds of My Heart, humanity is entering into greater conflicts of all kinds. In the midst of torment, my motherly love comes to each of you to console you. As a Mother, I assure you that I do not abandon you, I will encourage you by giving you to perceive My Heavenly Aroma, as a consolation so that you may be certain that I am helping you. In the most difficult part of the great purification, My Divine Son will clothe with His love His faithful who accompany Him in the Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar. The Holy Spirit, comforter of human creatures, will enlighten them in a special way at the time of the great tribulation. Children, you will continue to be stubborn and foolish, for you will neither hear nor look nor understand nor see what you have lost by refusing the Graces of the Comforter of souls: the Holy Spirit.  Children of My Divine Son, without tiring, continue in the midst of trials and daily hardships... Without tiring, continue in the midst of the joys that are not every day... Without tiring, continue to thank God the Father for the Gift of life and make reparation for those who end up with so many innocents who are martyred at the hands of their oppressors. Come children, let us go to My Divine Son! Increase your faith, that you walk towards My Divine Son. Use the senses of the spirit and be in the likeness of the working and acting of My Divine Son. As Queen and Mother of the End Times I call you to pray for the conversion of the greatest number of souls and to be fraternal. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-3-17 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, the children of God walk with the impenetrable shield of faith, certain that it is made up of Divine Love and Mercy. A great number of human creatures continue to disbelieve in Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and this is the great failure of this generation. On the verge of the Warning, human creatures feast with the Devil... What can await them but to repent and convert to save their souls? The Warning is not far off... they wander between dates and it is not far off. In the plans of the Devil is to destabilize the faithful of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ so that they turn away from Christ himself. So many children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ who monopolize preferential places in the acts allusive to the Devil, without knowing that they will become his slaves and severely treated as slaves of the Antichrist. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, live agonizing moments and after the agony: what happens? Though first the bear will rise from his den and lead mankind to suffer, he will cause a great rumbling in Europe and America. The bear, who seemed prudent, will take out his arsenal and surprise. Calm seems to be maintained in humanity and they do not look at what is happening to their brothers in other latitudes. My Angels are on the move on Earth, extinguishing enraged minds with desires to repeat the history of Nero with high-powered weaponry. This generation will see a comet pass very close to the Earth, so close that it will cause it to move. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for France, it burns for its own people and for those from other nations who have come to cause clashes. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, the economy is reeling and mankind suffers from very high prices. America suffers greatly. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray before the new disease of high fevers, which affects the respiratory tract severely and the skin of the human creature will become dark colored and flaky. I call you to use St. Michael the Archangel Oil on the skin, fumitory medicinal plant and Good Samaritan Oil. Pray, children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray to repair, to cry for mercy and to be humble and true children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. I call you not to wait until the last moment to convert. Repentance is necessary. You must elevate the spiritual state so that the state of the soul is more akin to the Creator. As children of the Father you are defended with the same Divine Love. My Legions will not turn away from you, we will always be defending you. I call you to place on the ankle of the children a light blue ribbon with an ichthus, the sign of the Christians. Look for a medal and place it with the ribbon. The age for children to wear this medal is from one year and up to 10 years old; although faith is infinite and if some older children wish to wear the ictus they can wear it. This will keep them protected from evil spirits. They are blessed, go ahead without fear. Faith is indispensable. I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-3-22 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, my blessing and my Infinite Mercy remain with each of my children. As a loving Father I continue to alert you to prepare before it is too late. Beloved children, in the midst of the lack of faith of so many of My children, many turn away in the face of the evil inclinations, especially those of the flesh, with which the Devil is undermining the minds of My children. At this time, when My Holy Spirit is making a special presence in you to save the soul, I call you to look within and to take up again the path to Me. There are so many who, confused, do not wish to be part of My Mystical Body. Be clear that 'I am the Shepherd' of souls and I have called My favourite children, My Priests, to be shepherds of souls in My likeness with love, but at the same time with righteousness without consenting to sin. Humanity is fractured in every aspect. Man's current motto is: 'to be more popular and not to keep God's commandments'. Humanity, lost in its technological advances, using science for good and at the same time to cause evil to one another, has lost its equanimity and has fallen into total delirium, surrendering its work and actions to Satan. The Antichrist walks the Earth and moves from one country to another in those countries that have set for themselves the same ideals, projects, ambitions, guidelines and standards, which will lead to their compulsory fulfilment. My children are fast heading towards suffering at the hands of the Antichrist, who dominates and already! He runs the great corporations of the world. The Antichrist walks through Europe preparing the fall of Europe itself in war. The Bear possesses great power to bring humanity into a total state of alarm, starting with Europe itself. My children move on the basis of the supposed material security they possess. That great security which is the economy is heading without detours towards the great fall. The world economy is falling, children, do not allow yourselves to be deceived if you are assured of an economic boom... Do not believe it! Children, prepare yourselves with what each of you can. You need to possess the resources to acquire the necessities. To those who cannot acquire what is necessary, I Myself will send the manna from My House, but My children shall not perish. Children, the power on Earth imposes metal coins and discards the paper with which you currently acquire the necessities for survival. This will not be adopted in all countries, but it will be adopted in most of them. I call upon humanity to remain prayerful, in a state of fraternal union, and it is very important for my children to act and work in this way at this time. The struggle for souls is constantly going on; the spiritual battle is very strong, therefore, work and act in the good. The selfish, proud, arrogant, imposing and proud creatures will suffer as they realise that they are more ignorant than the humble and simple. Large-scale warfare is influenced by the power of the Devil. The Bear acts suddenly causing horror. The Eagle flies high with his secret weapon in his talons; he needs no great array of planes, one is enough and the horror drives his brothers, considered by the Eagle as his opponents, to flee. My children, My Heart suffers for so much suffering towards which they are advancing, so many who join this mad war and will regret having allowed it! Pray My children, pray that earthly power does not drag your brothers down. Pray My children, the great shock of strong earthquakes of great intensity is coming. Pray My children, pray that when hunger comes you will not despair, but pray that My Angels will provide you with the food which will satiate you. My children, My Mother has called you to possess blessed grapes, they are necessary to satisfy your hunger. My Household has revealed to you plants by which you will rid yourselves of disease, take this seriously and gratefully. Be forewarned of the disease which is already coming on and in its development will affect the skin. My children, my children of goodness, pray and be silent so that you may calm your minds and thus be a blessing to your brothers and sisters, putting into practice what you preach. In the midst of the evil that advances in so many hearts, good is light and light will never be overshadowed by darkness, never. In the midst of the burning desert I, your Lord and your God, will bring the crystalline water that not only quenches thirst, but heals hardened hearts. In the midst of your persecutors I, your Lord and your God, will deliver you from them. Weapons cannot stand against my heavenly legions, to whom I have entrusted the protection of my children. All that they need is possible if they are creatures of good testimony and adherents to My Teachings, uniting everything to the Faith. As the body without the spirit is dead, so Faith which does not produce works is dead. I bless you, My children, I love you with Eternal Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-3-27 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, by Divine Mercy I am addressing you. I come to alert you to prepare yourselves spiritually and materially with what is necessary. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ is Merciful to all mankind, He desires to save all, to all He gives the Blessing of Salvation. All human creatures who wish to save their souls can enter into this infinite Divine Mercy. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I come to raise my voice so that every creature everywhere and in every place, may be ready for conversion. The time has grown short and the eventualities in which you have immersed yourselves are so many that the weight of events leads to the descent of the Divine Arm. Our Queen and Mother warns you, the Divine Arm is falling and humanity is facing the unimaginable... Do you wish to know how to prepare yourselves for what is coming upon humanity? Be true children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and love His Mother, the Blessed Virgin Mary. Be followers of the Divine Word present in Sacred Scripture. That is: be knowers and practitioners of the Divine Word. Love the Commandments and keep them. Know and fulfil the Sacraments. Be practitioners of the Beatitudes. Constantly ask for the assistance of the Holy Spirit. Practice the Corporal and Spiritual Works of Mercy. Love your neighbour and be humble. Be lights on the way. Live the Faith in its splendour and live each day in interior prayer fulfilling the Will of Our Father. Be provident, keep at home food that has a long shelf life. Store honey, easy-to-cook foods, cleaning products, alcohol, medicines, water and all that you already know well. You must learn to store salted meat, as your ancestors did. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: the plague is on the earth and events are at the gates of humanity. The earth is shaking with force and in sequence it will tremble in several countries. War is coming, hitherto unknown weapons of great lethality will be known. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, there will be a red moon and it foreshadows what will follow it. You will know of a cloud that will spread in haste carried by the wind. Without knowing the source, the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ will want to see what happens, do not go out, but take shelter in an enclosed place without windows, so they will be sheltered and my legions will guard them. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Japan, it is shaken by an earthquake. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Mexico, it is suffering from the magnitude of an earthquake. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for America, it is strongly shaken. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, treachery will be exposed before mankind. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: the work of the heavenly legions, of your guardian Angels at this time is beyond what you can imagine. We find ourselves in a spiritual struggle, continually defending you from temptations. We will defend you further against the Antichrist and his evil legions. We continually praise and glorify and worship God, waiting for the time when we will exclaim: 'To Him who sits upon the Throne and to the Lamb be praise and honour and glory and power for ever and ever'. Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: the time is now for preparation, pray to the Holy Spirit and beseech Him to enlighten you as to what you have yet to repair. Each one of you prepare yourselves as an altar clothed with good deeds and good wishes for the celebration of the Easter Week. You must keep praying, not only with your mind or your mouth, but deep within each of you, in an indissoluble spiritual union with the Holy Trinity and Our Queen and Mother of the End Times. My Blessing is upon each one of you, without forgetting that the Divine Mercy is infinite and awaits only a word from you to embrace you and embrace you with Eternal Love. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-3 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Heart, I bless you and keep you covered with My Motherly Mantle so that you will not fall prey to evil. So many calls inviting you to conversion, which at this time have become requirements for My children, requirements with which the children of My Divine Son must comply in order to call themselves children of My Son. Understand the value of faith. Keeping faith in God leads you from the depths of each one to forgive without thought. Children of God forgive because faith assures them that God takes care of everything. Keep in mind My children the curse of the fig tree. It resembles so many who claim to live the faith, to believe and to speak eloquently while they find themselves empty. They live passing judgement against their fellow man and think they know it all, until they fall by themselves before empty words which bear no fruit of Eternal Life. Beloved children, be aware that you do not know everything. God the Father has given each human creature his gift or His virtue and in the brotherhood of the children of God, each one respects his brother. I have to tell you that no creature of God knows everything and whoever says so, is not telling the truth. My Divine Son expelled the merchants from the temple of Jerusalem. At this time there are so many merchants who with their human ego distort the Word of My Divine Son and continue to distort the Divine Word in order to increase the merchants of the Devil within the Temple of My Divine Son. These transgress Divine Love to receive covenants with the Antichrist, who promises them so much that, deluded, they yield what he asks until they become his slaves. Pray My children, pray. I bless you, Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
My children, thank you for being here in prayer and for responding to my call in your hearts. Beloved children, this is the time and the moment of choice. I ask you as Mother of Sorrows: choose God. My children, the children of darkness are gripping you, remember that the suffering offered will be grace. Have the courage of Faith without backing down and as soldiers of light, arm yourselves with the Holy Rosary and walk. I am always beside you. The Resurrection is near. Fear not, fear nothing. My children, always be close to the sacraments. Now I leave you with My motherly blessing, in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen.

2023-4-4 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Heart, I bless you with My Motherhood received at the foot of the Cross. I bless you with My Love, I bless you with My Fiat. A special moment of this major week: Judas and Peter in different scenes are challenged by My Divine Son... Pray My children, pray for your innocent brothers and sisters, for those children who are victims of those who offer sacrifices to the Devil. Pray children, pray before the actions of Judas, the heart of My Son is already bleeding and knows of the negotiations for his freedom and for his life. My Son speaks to Peter and says to him: 'I tell you the truth, the cock will not crow before you have denied Me three times'. Pray My children, pray for those who give themselves over to the Devil and worship him, grievously offending My Divine Son. How many constantly crown Him with thorns! My beloved ones, as the calendar moves forward, My children face the forces of nature, which harshly scourge the Earth. Pray for America, it suffers from nature. Pray children for Mexico, it suffers mightily. Pray children, pray for Central and South America. Pray for Japan and Indonesia. Pray for Italy and Germany, nature is at work. My Divine Son asked forgiveness for those who crucified Him. Forgiveness blesses and you forgive without waiting to be asked for forgiveness. As Mother of Divine Love, I forgive you at this time for the offences caused to me at some time in life, consciously and unconsciously. I forgive you, repent with firmness of heart. I bless you, you are My beloved children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-5 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Heart, I love you and carry you within My Womb. My Divine Son remains in Bethany in prayer and vigil, as each of My children must remain: always in prayer and vigil so as not to become mired in the worldly, for the human creature is tempted and is weak if he does not pray and strengthen the Faith. To remain in prayer: is at the same time to be inviting My Divine Son to work and act with you... it is to become 'nothing' so that the Holy Trinity may be all in you... it is to live and feed on Divine Love, allowing that Divine Love to work and act in you. Beloved children, be aware that the Devil is always prowling and if My children fall into his nets, the Devil enters and when he finds an open door, he knows that human creatures possess weaknesses and with his evil intelligence, he touches again and again where he knows My children are weakest. My children, the most difficult one to live with the other disciples of My Son was Judas, who with a strong personality, found it difficult to understand so much love in My Son. My Divine Son had infinite patience with Judas, He excused him before the other apostles, even though Judas reproached My Divine Son for not wishing to know anything about the kingdoms of the Earth. How much courage a humble creature has, how much wisdom a humble creature possesses! Therefore I call you children to humility, only humility keeps My children in equanimity. Pride is not a good companion, but causes displeasure with the brethren until it breaks the bonds of brotherhood. On this day of mourning, this Holy Wednesday of sadness, of infinite pain, Judas met with the Rabbis of the Sanhedrin and agreed to hand over My Divine Son with a kiss for 30 coins. Beloved children: How many go around the Earth sowing discord, repeating what they hear without knowing the certainty of what they hear! How many with one word end up with a brother out of envy! That envy which the Devil managed to penetrate in Judas and continues to replicate in human creatures, especially towards those who are envious of My true instruments. At this moment when the suffering of mankind is defined, the passion of mankind begins, although some of My children scoff at the announcements of the Father House, but as a Mother I will insist until the last moment. They are at the moment of suffering: they will see the red moon, the prelude to the blood that will be shed from the conflicts in humanity, from the persecutions, from the famine, from the social uprisings and from the advance of war. All this fills them with fear, with anguish, and as human creatures the unknown makes them fearful. Without thinking that My children's faithfulness to My Divine Son does not remain unfruitful and they are and will be protected by that Faith which does not waver. Consecrate your homes to the precious Blood of My Divine Son in these holy days with the prayer that comes from the Heart of each one. Beloved children, I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-6 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, Divine Love shows its obedience... It is the day of the great teaching of love for one's neighbour, a love of experiences, a love born in actions towards others, a love that does not stop at giving itself to those in need, a love that My children embody in themselves in order to act and act in the likeness of My Son. Who will deny the love for the needy, the love that helps, that goes out to meet, that alleviates pain, that gives itself for the brother and helps him to carry the daily cross, the love that says yes when it is within its reach and shares words of help, of closeness, of fraternity! My Divine Son with His yes to the Father gave Himself for the sins of mankind and bore them. Great Mystery of Love that is commemorated this Holy Thursday, without looking at whom, how or when, love is the greatest reality in the midst of the crosses of each of My children. My Divine Son in the washing of the feet shows you what it is to become small so that your loved ones may then be living testimonies of Divine Love. Beloved children, my Divine Son gives you the testimony of His Love, a Love of renunciation. The human creature must renounce what he desires, his preferences. He who renounces his tastes and his human desires enters into the fullness of love: the more he gives to his brother, the greater he is. The love that My Divine Son teaches: it is the love of sharing and of helping the brother to carry his cross when it is too heavy... it is to love one's neighbour at all times and even more so when he is suffering. Love is the choice and the stopping, the freedom of the neighbour when he desires the help or the love that is offered to him, then: pray my children! The time will come when the heart of stone will break and love. Beloved children of My Heart: My Divine Son gives Himself to His beloved apostles, thus giving birth to the institution of the Holy Priesthood, as a remembrance of His atonement, not only for the apostles, but so that in this present time each of His children may partake of that memorable Holy Supper. Breaking the bread He blessed it and gave it to His apostles and said to them: 'Take, eat, this is My Body'. Then He took the cup with the wine, blessed it and gave it to His apostles saying to them: 'This is in remembrance of My Blood which is shed for the remission of your sins'. Beloved children, this Holy Supper is celebrated with great solemnity for the Sacrament of the Eucharist, but at the same time with feelings of sadness for the imprisonment of my Divine Son. What does a mother say to her son before leaving? We look into each other's eyes and speak to each other without words. Our hearts fused in the Will of the Father embrace and more than at any other time become one. We embrace and live the events in an instant, which will last until the end of time. Upon that embrace souls will be encouraged in their moments of suffering, of joy, of hope, of charity and of faith. Nothing remains without bearing fruit, My Blessing to My Divine Son must be repeated by mothers to their children, and in My Blessing, it carries at the same time the blessing of Joseph, His putative Father. My Divine Son departs, but I am not alone, I go with Him mystically, I share His Surrender so that later He may give Me to humanity and thus be the Mother of Humanity. Beloved children, comply with the Fourth Commandment, parents love your children. Keep in mind the Law of Love, love one another as I have loved you. I carry you in My Motherly Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-7 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Heart: a wooden Cross My Son carries, it is heavier because it contains the sins of all mankind... oh Good Friday when My Divine Son suffered the indescribable! His Divine Body suffered torture and in every act of torture He forgave, not only the one who scourged Him or beat Him or spat upon His Divine Face, but He prayed for those who humiliated Him. He prayed for those who on Palm Sunday cheered Him and on the way to Calvary insulted Him, called Him 'Belzebub' and shouted loudly: Crucify Him! The human creature in his actions and deeds shares this behaviour of those who with words of flattery make another feel good; but then when for some reason that brother bothers him, it is worse than those who on Palm Sunday went from cheering Him to asking for the death on the cross of My Divine Son. This, beloved children, is a great and grave sin because when the envy or jealousy of a human creature takes hold of him, it is difficult for him to stop until he feels that he has poured out all his discomfort transformed into poison against his brother. As My Son was crucified, that Crucifixion is constantly repeated in human creatures who suffer all kinds of sorrows. It is all based on the love that My Divine Son pours upon you. The Law is Divine Love and My children must strive to make that love the foundation on which to build their actions and actions. On a tree My Son suffered until His death, although death did not overcome Him, but He overcame death. Beloved children, it is necessary that you remember the words of My Divine Son on the Cross: Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do. It is the humanity of this moment, it is for each of you that My Divine Son exclaimed that 'Father, forgive them'. Without valuing the Gift of life, without responsibility for your actions, thus you live worshiping evil and despising the good, thus you live in betrayals, thus you live without learning from your falls, thus you live and even more so. For you children, My Divine Son exclaimed: '... for you know not what you do'. '...How many mothers are not mothers by choice! How many sons despise their mothers in old age! How many mothers mistreated by their sons and how many sons who show pity for their mothers! How many spiritual mothers I see loving to death a spiritual son! That pure love, that love that gives its life for the child is, thus and to infinity, the love of My Son for each one of you. I assure you that today you will be with Me in paradise. The great demonstration of Divine Mercy: Whoever repents at the last instant, whoever acknowledges Him as King of Heaven and Earth wins Heaven. Great lesson children, but you do not know if all of you will have the great opportunity to be at the last instant like the one you know as the repentant thief. Do not wait My children, at this moment the Father's Arm has fallen and the cup is almost empty: repent, turn and cry out for mercy! 'My God, My God, why have you forsaken Me? Humanity is far from My Divine Son, from this Mother and from the Help of Heaven for you. In trials they turn to My Divine Son whom they did not know before and after knowing Him, they return to the old life. This is the time for you to pronounce: 'not my will Father, but yours'. 'I thirst. My Divine Son thirsts for souls, souls that in this generation especially My Divine Son desires to recover, souls that are the Marian strength, the prayerful strength, the strength of faith with which My children will return the Earth to its Creator. Give My Divine Son pure souls to drink, souls desirous of fraternal service, believing souls, holy souls. 'All is fulfilled. My Son fulfilled the Will of His Father in everything until the death of the Cross. He rose again on the third day and is seated at the right hand of the Father. 'Father, into Your Hands I commend My Spirit. My Divine Son surrenders Himself to the Father and breathes out His Spirit... It is the obedience so indispensable in the children of My Divine Son. It is the obedience they do not know how to keep because they do not know how to love correctly. It is the obedience that they keep locked away because it does not suit them to submit to the Divine Will. And this because the human ego continues to overtake the Will of God in the human creature. I call you to fast, health permitting. I invite you to participate in the Liturgy of adoration of the Holy Cross. Pray the Creed and participate in the Way of the Cross. Accompany my Divine Son, accompany Him, adore Him for those who do not adore Him. Beloved children of My Heart, I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-8 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children: We have come to this day when My Motherly Heart recalled the prophecies of the Elder Simeon. My Son, My little and great King lies in the tomb and descends into hell and then rises again. Great trial I have taken with love, with faith, with My *Fiat*. My full faith in the Will of the Father and in My own Son who has filled Me with hope, sustains Me on this Holy Saturday. Above My sorrow as a Mother, is My Surrender to the eternal Plan of Salvation which My Son fulfils and I follow in His footsteps. Beloved children, I call you to faith, hope, charity and love towards the Father's House so that you may be intimately united and more filled with the Holy Spirit. Beloved children, as a Mother I felt a pain that pierced My Heart over and over again. On several occasions I walked through the places where My Divine Son walked with the Cross on His shoulders, I relived the falls, how He was pushed and offended. I remembered the Cyrenean and begged God the Father for all blessings for Him. For Me it was a day of pain, silence and mourning. Words only come out of My mouth to pray, I weep in the face of mourning and pain because faith and pain unite as an offering to God the Father in reparation for the injustices that would be committed by later generations. Beloved children, may it not be too late when for some reason you refuse to ask for forgiveness, to say thank you, and to say you feel good about some kind gesture of a brother or sister. Every deed and act must be looked at, felt and lived as if it were the last in life. Beloved children, without losing a second of life to propose peace with My Divine Son to yourselves, go to the Sacrament of Confession. Be humble above all and keep in mind that My Divine Son rose again to save you. In the face of great and grave events to come, you will be in awe of what has happened and in gratitude to My Divine Son for keeping you alive and united. Great earthquakes happen and war becomes more visible, therefore you must prepare yourselves. Do not regret not having prepared. Pray My children, pray in the face of the serious natural threats to North America, which is shaking hard. Beloved children, I must share with you the infinite joy and gladness which I experienced when I looked upon my risen Divine Son, my soul is exalted, my joy is indescribable: my Son is alive! All has been accomplished and joy penetrates Me to the point of almost pronouncing another canticle before the love of both of us looking at each other. Look at each other and give the value that every creature possesses through the human dignity of being children of God. The temples light up and joy returns to the hearts of His children. My beloved ones, I bless you and protect you, do not fear. I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-9 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart: abide within My Heart. Every human creature has been freed from the death which sin causes and raised to possess the opportunity of Eternal Life by their free will. The day of perennial light wherein the children of God, assured that faith is not in vain, strive to live and work in the Divine Will aspiring to Eternal Life. As Mother I desire that you enjoy Eternal Life, and for this reason I have given you every day this Major Week the weapons to be better children of the Holy Trinity and to live together with your brothers and sisters, because without love you are nothing. As children of My Divine Son you see the Divine Light shining and at this time embrace the opportunity to be better than you each are. Graces pour forth at this time when each one must live to the full, commemorating the forty days my Divine Son spent with His disciples and in other commissions from the Father before He ascended into heaven. Oh blissful days of love, joy and Divine Instruction to His Disciples! Oh infinite joy that God knew how to give to this Mother and His beloved Disciples so that they would go from being His Disciples to being His beloved Apostles, with so much faith that they will be willing to give their lives for their Jesus! Oh eternal joy that My children can live in their hearts with so much faith, that without seeing they will believe! Oh Divine Proofs with which the Resurrection of My Divine Son brings hope to His children! Love which must permeate every human creature in order to give itself to its neighbour. The great Law of Love for God above all things and for the brother in whom My Son is found. My children do not understand well the love of neighbour, because they have not spiritualised, they have not penetrated into the fusion with My Divine Son to ask Him to give them a soft heart, a heart of flesh which will then allow them to place themselves in the place of their brother and thus be able to do so: Initiate the willingness to help your neighbour without expecting anything. Donate yourself to your neighbour to make the way easier for him. Say 'I can' when it comes to others. To put one's own interests first in order to sometimes be the brother's 'Circumlocution'. And at the same time to be a willing creature, dedicated, supportive and the one who always steps forward before the brother asks him to do so. Children, each one possesses a scale of what he or she believes to be love for the brother, but that scale is always towards you and Divine Love is the other way around. In the measure of love you must also know when to give yourself to your brother, the giving of yourself is of My Son and when it is a whim or a human desire. How do you discern it? If you are creatures of prayer, the Holy Spirit will be ready for you to discern. Worship My Divine Son and prepare yourselves for Divine Mercy. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-12 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, with My love I come to give you My Mercy at this time. You have lived the Commemoration of My Passion, Death and Resurrection and have set out on the path of My Mercy. I am Infinite Mercy, yet this does not give you the right to think that My Love is not Justice at the same time, otherwise I would be an unjust judge. To hear only of My Infinite Mercy fills the heart with joy, but it is time for you to be clear that there is good and there is evil and because of this I am a Just Judge. If I were to speak to you only of My Mercy I would not love you with Eternal Love. It is up to each one of you to change, to transform, to repent and to cry out for My Mercy. I do not differentiate in pouring out My Mercy to all mankind. All My children have My Forgiveness and My Mercy before them. To do so, they must be willing to change their actions and deeds, the way they look at their neighbour and the way they treat their brothers and sisters. The souls who are willing to acknowledge their sins, their mistakes stemming from the human ego and make a firm resolution to make amends, I hear them immediately and My Legions of Angels will protect them so that they may enter into My Divine Mercy. I call My children to surpass themselves in spirit so that they may delve deeper into the Gifts and Virtues that the Holy Spirit gives them if they are creatures with a renewed spirit. The inexhaustible source of My Mercy is love and that is what I desire them to be: love so that they may help the great suffering of mankind by being wise. Those of My children who think that I cannot be Just Judge are those who continue to make use of free will, even though they know the Law of God. Beloved children of My Heart, pray, I call you to be love, to forgive and to give love. Beloved children, pray for humanity, pray, pray with witness. Beloved children, I desire that you bring the human ego to Me so that I may mould it in My Love. I desire that you mortify the human will and that you surrender it to My Cross of glory and majesty. I bless you and I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-16 Argentina - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, on this great day when the feast of My Mercy is celebrated, I call you to meditate on this call. My children go to extremes when I speak to them of My Mercy and My Justice, believing Me to be a God who forgives everything or who lets everything pass, and because I am God, I must always be weak and passing. I am Justice, but I am not unjust, much less am I so severe that I do not bend before the sorrows of My own. My Mercy overcomes everything if the human creature desires forgiveness with all his strength and makes a firm resolution to make amends. When My children desire My Forgiveness with all their strength, with all their heart, with all their mind, with all their thoughts, I offer them My Infinite Mercy and all My Goodness is poured out upon My human creatures through My Rays. Because I am Merciful I am not a small god, but I am The Infinitely Mighty, Supreme, Omnipotent and Omniscient God. What is insurmountable to man, My Mercy surpasses... What is incomprehensible to man, to Me surpasses human thought and I forgive in My own way..... Every act and deed of Mine comes from My Love, My Justice and My Mercy. The human creature often judges Me with the human judgement that looks behind itself at its own convenience. Beloved children, My Justice is merciful; therefore, he who is not merciful is lost in the mist of presumption and intrigue. I call you to pray, to live close to Me and I call you to be creatures renewed in My Love. I desire you to be transformed in order to endow you with My Gifts and My Virtues. Children, you walk every day perhaps on the same path and you have looked at the same beggar sitting by the side of the road: hungry, cold, thirsty and you have given him nothing. You walk with the same people every day and if I ask you: what are the needs of those people you walk with? They do not know. The human creature lives on what he sees, on the superficial, and does not delve into the depths of his brother's need, which is not always monetary, but can be a lack of Christian formation and ignorance of Sacred Scripture. Children, you spend so many hours on computers and televisions and you are ignorant of all that is approaching humanity! How I regret this indifferent behaviour of My children towards the Prophecies that I have sent you! They know that it is the duty of each one to pray for each of their brothers, ministering to one another. My Mother and St. Michael the Archangel by Divine Will have given you the warnings so that you may prepare yourselves and not go astray. You are at the time of increasing faith and turning to My Divine Mercy. Beloved children, what is your faith? what is your faith like? where is your faith? so many of My children are leaving Me aside and abandoning Me! This is the time for you to turn to faith, be faithful and taste My Mercy. I bless you My children, I love you. Come to My Mercy. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-20 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, by Divine Command I address you. You commemorated the Major Week and the feast of Divine Mercy and offered for the need for all to be loving and law-abiding, now it is of great importance that you pray for those who are in a period of conversion. From love comes all that the human creature needs to be better and to advance continually, I speak to you of love in the likeness of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, great and grievous strife is sweeping over the earth, like the air when it heralds the storm. Be creatures of prayer, of living in adoration of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, come to receive the Body and Blood of Our King and praise Our Queen and Mother, the Blessed Virgin Mary; do not deny her, carry her in your hearts. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: you must know that the Antichrist moves where you least expect him, you fear him, you know of his power over mankind and you wait for him to show himself publicly. He is the shadow that brings darkness to man, he is temptation. That is why he is obeyed, like a subtle reptile he seizes whatever he desires. And how many Antichrists have passed over the earth! And how many Antichrists exist at this moment in yourself, in your misused ego, in your pride, all around you! But the true one will be presented publicly. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: the economy is destabilised and then humanity panics. They will melt the metal and the paper will be burned to advance in power, implementing what is announced and most countries welcome the new currency. They will go through purifications, but our king protects his own and increases their faith. Do not be afraid of those who persecute you and those who slander you, otherwise you should be worried. Christ reigns already! in the hearts of His faithful: He is Hope, Faith, Charity, Refuge and Security for His children. God's children are 'the apple of His eye' and He cares for them with Eternal Love. Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-24 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, by Divine Will I address you. Beloved of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: the blessings of the Divine Hand are poured out upon each one. The human creature maintains a wealth of goods from the Father's House. All this is to make the journey through life more bearable for them when the path is heavy. This generation will be transformed spiritually after committing grave errors upon themselves, after denying the Holy Trinity and Our Queen and Mother. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, they embrace modernisms that gravely offend Him, they work and act against the Will of God and thereby worship Satan, leading to the remembrance of the great confusion at the Tower of Babel. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ has allowed creation to manifest itself to wash away so much sin that exists on earth. Human creatures refuse to recognise what is happening in one place or another, mocking the Divine Mercy towards His children. They will see phenomena of nature which they have not experienced before; in the midst of great suffering, nature itself tries to make the human creature convert and renounce the Devil. I defended the Paternal Throne from the insidiousness of the Devil, I will defend it again with My Heavenly Legions and every human creature will see the Triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Our Queen and Mother, 'who will crush the head of the infernal serpent'. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, great and grave events of all kinds are beginning in humanity, leading you to recognise that what is happening is not normal, but are signs and signals of these times in which you live. I do not speak to you of the end of the world, it is not yet here. Protect your families, the Devil is especially attacking the institution of the family. Do not give the devil a chance to act unwisely and be cautious. There are so many servants of evil who lead human creatures into confusion, because they give free rein to their tongues, and human creatures, without discernment, turn away from the Divine Will. As a wailing that covers the earth, so do sorrows go forth upon the earth. I call you to pray that human creatures may discern and continue to be united to the Will of the Father. I call you to pray for the next great earthquake that will shake the Ring of Fire, striking America. I call you to pray and mend for the youth. I call you to pray for the coming red moon, a sign of war, of pain among peoples, of instability among creatures and of economic downfall. Continue to be united in brotherhood, in the love of Our Queen and Mother. Walk assured that evil will never triumph over the Church of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Continue to be confident that Our King and Lord Jesus Christ loves and protects you. Walk without stopping, without insecurities, 'give not your pearls to swine'. I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-4-29 Argentina - Holy Mary
My beloved children, I keep you in My Heart. My word is urgent!... Nourish the Faith and love towards My Divine Son... Nourish the desire to remain in a state of Grace and to receive My Divine Son in the Sacrament of the Eucharist, previously prepared. Be more of My Divine Son than of the worldly. You know that sin abounds in this generation that discards whatever is not to its liking and whatever limits its excessive licentiousness: without God, without values and without morals. The value of the Gift of Life is hated by the Devil, therefore I ask you to be vigilant. The Devil hates the institution of the family, he hates innocence and he hates the human creature. The Devil does not give up his plans, he always continues forward to crush the children of God. Beloved children: all that is happening at this time is planned by the Devil to crush humanity, to steal souls so that they may be lost. The Devil lashes out forcefully against the human creature, presenting a striking scene, although behind the curtain the true scene is a totally different one: behind the scene he presents to you is captivity, pain, slaughter, total control, renunciation of My Divine Son, persecution and all that you can imagine of evil. The Devil possesses his legions with which he persecutes the human creature. Children, do not fear: Who is like God, no one like God! The Devil, with all that he wishes to make you fear, has no more power than God allows him and the freedom that each one allows him to take hold of you and lead you to act and act against My Divine Son. Do not fear, instead, strengthen your Faith, convince yourselves that God is the Almighty, the Omnipotent. You must believe it without hesitation, you must keep that Faith that the Devil cannot if you do not want him to. The Devil flees from where you pray the Holy Rosary and he flees from the creatures who adore My Divine Son. Believe in the power of My Divine Son, believe, believe, believe! Children of My Divine Son, you possess a half-belief. If the Faith is true, strong, convinced and the creature is converted, it can be tempted, but not defeated. That strengthened and unalterable Faith makes miracles possible; it wins the greatest battles however strong they may be. I will crush the head of Satan together with My beloved St. Michael the Archangel and the heavenly legions and with you, my children. The church of My Divine Son will never be overcome by the forces of evil, though it will be tempted. Beloved children, the forces of nature act and will act against the human creature more intensely. Earthquakes will be devastating in some countries around the Earth. As Mother I am protecting you, keep this in mind. The sun has changed its temperature, so the Earth will receive greater heat and greater storms which will reach the Earth and affect My children at the same time. Pray My children, pray that Faith will increase in each of you. Pray My children, pray for Faith to be strong in you. Pray My children, pray that you will not fear, but be strengthened in Divine Love. Pray My children, pray and be fraternal with your neighbor. Pray My children, pray that you will not be overcome with lies. Pray My children, pray for Mexico. Pray My children, pray for Chile and Ecuador. Pray My children, pray for Asia. Pray My children, stay alert, war is not in oblivion. Pray My children, pray, the disease I warned you of will move swiftly. Beloved children of My Divine Son, this Mother loves you. As the time approaches for the fulfillment of my revelations, evil attacks the church of My Divine Son, but My Immaculate Heart will triumph. You are accompanied, as a Mother I warn you and I carry you in My Heart. Mother Mary . Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-5-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
My children, I am the Mother of Mercy. My dear children, do not be afraid, for I am always close to you. My children, pray at the Cross of my Jesus so that I may open your hearts and feed them with God's love. My children, pray that Mercy may embrace the world and especially this humanity that is heading towards self-destruction. My children, now God's justice will have to go its way, pray my children, pray much, the Purification will be difficult but necessary. Now I bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen.

2023-5-3 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Heart receive the blessings of the Father House. My Heart remains with you. This generation has succeeded in making the human creature live captive to the desires of evil. Prepare yourselves to face the disasters which nature will bring upon the human creature. You will watch Me in the firmament all over the Earth! Do not fear to be deceived... it will be I, your Mother, who in search of my children call you in one way or another. The sign that I remain with the children of My Divine Son and so that they will not be confused is: I will bring in My hand a golden rosary and I will kiss the Crucifix with great reverence. You will see Me crowned by the Holy Spirit under the title of the Queen and Mother of the End Times. This My Appearance will be given when the war is at its worst. Have Faith, do not fear, I am with you by Divine Will. You are My great treasure. Make up your minds to change, be wise, without waiting for a sign to convert. There are too many signs for you to change your life now! You have built a great technological Tower of Babel which the human creature uses for good or evil. Turn away from the temptations presented to you by this tool and use it to spread the Word of My Divine Son. My beloved ones: the wave of attacks between Ukraine and Russia does not end. China and the United States continue in combat, with more countries joining in. Israel and Palestine continue their conflicts, not to mention more. The spiritual life of my children is empty... Pray children, pray that all mankind will be converted. Pray children, pray that you will possess the discernment that the Holy Spirit gives you. Pray children, pray, pray, the sun hurls towards the Earth a great storm. Children of My Heart: Be true, the Fatherland is allowing the animals and the weather to alert you with abnormal behaviour. Be foresighted, a plague of rats is coming to several countries. I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-5-8 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, with My love I bless you so that My love may remain present in each of you. My children are distinguished by being love in themselves, being and desiring good for their brothers and sisters. This month when in a special way you dedicate it to this Mother and pray the Holy Rosary, I desire that you offer on the 13th of May: Pray for those of My children who do not adore My Divine Son. Offer the Holy Rosary for those who break into the lives of My little children and instill in them to cling to demonic practices and to forget and deny My Divine Son. These human creatures will be severely punished. They live in constant change. Natural disasters occur one after another and yet they do not understand that these are signs and signals that serve as a reminder to convert. What is happening in humanity at this time? Forgetfulness of My Divine Son is predominant, denying what is Divine and believing that what is good is the work of man and whatever bad happens in the life of man or in the lives of peoples is the fault of God. The human creature is unpredictable, constantly going back and forth in search of what they believe to be safer, more accurate and they do not possess knowledge of the Divine Word nor are they spiritual; therefore they lack discernment. They go from place to place trying to find that which they will not find until they look to themselves and look to My Divine Son in everything and everyone. The battle against evil at this time is ongoing and My children are tempted again and again without reaction. Pray My children and remain compliant to the Law of God. Pray My children, receive the Holy Eucharist, pray and make reparation. Pray My children and ask for the Grace to feel the Love of My Motherhood resisting evil without falling. Pray My children, as part of My Marian Army fighting with Love, with Faith, with Hope and with Charity, united with St. Michael the Archangel and His Heavenly Legions and My beloved Angel of Peace, I fulfil the Divine Mandate to crush the infernal serpent and his legions. Pray My children, the children of My Divine Son are My children, I warn you of a Heavenly Body approaching Earth. Faith is tested and this Mother alerts you to pray with faith, with hope and with the assurance that you are protected by the Divine Hand. Be mindful that in an unusual synod you will receive a sign from Heaven, a harbinger of the approaching Warning. Be fearless, be creatures of good, secure in the knowledge that with faith all things are possible. If you remain in faith, what you believe to be impossible in your eyes, the faith of each of My children united achieves great miracles. Offer for so many souls who live in darkness, spiritual ruin and spiritual denial. Be love so that Divine Love may flood them. I hold you within My Motherly Heart. I bless you and I call you to be spokesmen for this Call of Mine. I invite you to call upon Me when danger threatens: Hail Mary, Hail Mary, Hail Mary. Take refuge in My Heart, grow in My Womb and know My Divine Son from My Motherly Hand. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-5-13 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of Our Queen and Mother: with my Heavenly Legions we are prepared to defend the children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. The Antichrist is not an invention, it is a fact that will be consummated in this generation, the one that will suffer the great persecution. I call you to unity, fraternity and love as children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. In this moment of Mercy, each one offers and gives at the same time what he carries in his feelings and in his heart. Those who do not love their brothers, let them fight against the feelings that keep them away from fraternity. This May 13, feast of Our Blessed Mother is very important for you, on this day our Queen and Mother gives to all those who with true repentance confess their sins, the grace to possess a greater love, as a preparation for them to face the trials that are already on earth and will become greater. Pray children of Our Queen and Mother, pray for the United States. Some of your States are shaken with force and the contagion of disease is coming again. Pray children of Our Queen and Mother, pray for Mexico, it is shaken with force. It is a blessed people, therefore evil attacks it with force. Pray children of Our Queen and Mother, pray for Spain, it suffers greatly. Pray children of Our Queen and Mother, pray for Chile and Ecuador, they are shaken. Pray children of Our Queen and Mother, pray, the fire, the air, the water and the wind generate great anxiety in the nations. Children of Our Queen and Mother: the economy is uncontrollable, get rid of it before it is too late. Join fraternally in praying the Holy Rosary and be creatures of peace, do not be persecutors of your brothers. They wish to silence you, they wish that you do not know the Divine Warnings so that, like sheep to the slaughter, you surrender to whatever they order you to do against the Divine Law. What remains of this human calendar is strong... faith must be firm and not waver. Prayer achieves that the human creature is transformed little by little and desires to go deeper and deeper into the Word of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Prayer unites and magnetizes the soul with its Creator. Be strong, be firm and do not take half-hearted or fearful steps. Our Queen and Mother will appear in the firmament clothed with gold. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, objects from heaven will fall to Earth and cause serious disasters. I call you to have in your homes lanterns for the night. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ be more spiritual and less worldly. The goal is to gain Eternal Life and you will achieve this on the road, not in Heaven. Pray three Hail Marys every day at 12 noon and at 6 o'clock in the evening. Invoke Me daily with the prayer of protection that you have dedicated to Me. I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without conceived sin.

2023-5-17 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Heart: as Queen and Mother I intercede for all my children so that they may not be lost. I continually bless them so that they may stay away from evil and closer to My Divine Son. Every human creature is responsible for his deeds and actions. I call you to act responsibly and with love towards your brothers, continually cultivating the spirit of service. I call you to pray: Asking the Holy Trinity for the conversion of the greatest number of souls. For the offenses of this generation that allows great sins, which lead them to live in the tower of Babel inside Sodom and Gomorrah. They have acted against children, they have stained the minds and hearts of children... How much My Divine Son hurts for this, how much pain in His Divine Heart! Pray children, pray and repent for every deed or act contrary to the Will of God. Pray children, pray, pray, nature acts in an uncontrolled way. The sun alters it, as it alters the human creature. Pray children, pray, prepare yourselves, the Earth is shaking with force. Pray children, pray for Japan, Mexico and the United States, they will experience a strong earthquake. Pray children, pray for Switzerland. Beloved children, the moment is running out. The suffering of mankind grows stronger. My children rise before so much weight imposed by those who lead them. As Queen and Mother I lead them to the right path and I offer them My Hand so that they do not go astray. My Divine Son helps you. Do not turn away from Him. My beloved St. Michael the Archangel protects you. Go and pray before the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar. I bless you in a special way. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-5-21 Argentina - Holy Mary
I bless each one in particular and invite you to be more of my Divine Son, worshipping Him in spirit and truth. Pray and be witnesses to those prayers. Beloved children, you need to deepen your relationship with My Divine Son. Without being a child of moments, you must become children who worship My Divine Son in every deed or act. In the face of truly alarming times for this generation, I invite you to reconnect inwardly, renewing that union with the Father House, consecrating yourselves to the Holy Spirit and being meek and humble of heart. You hear of events happening on other continents or in other countries not so far away from where you live and you think that nothing will happen to you... Where is so much security for the human creature to call himself free of sin? Humanity purifies itself and the sun, the moon and the elements join in that purification, calling the human creature to reconsider and seek Divine Mercy at every moment. Humanity suffers greatly: The water of the seas rises and penetrates the earth. Volcanoes are awakening and the Earth's climate is changing more and more. The human creature is the cause of great mistakes which they cannot stop, bringing great harm to mankind. Children: I keep you within my Immaculate Heart, protecting you from evil. Each one uses free will to accept to live in my Heart or not... My Divine Son defends you from so much evil that is prowling the Earth... My beloved St. Michael the Archangel and His Legions await the call of each one of you to help you so that you do not fall. These are difficult times for mankind, times of turmoil in which, if you remain steadfast, you will remain faithful to My Divine Son. Not all is pain: from trials are born the true heroes of My Divine Son. As the Mother of mankind I help them, I protect them. They will see Me on high and know that I am their Mother. I bless you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-5-26 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, receive My Blessing. I nourish you with My Will when you call upon Me. Invoke My Holy Spirit when you work and act and ask Him to shower blessings, not only on you and your families, but on all mankind, so that you may strengthen your faith in Me and not fall backward, falling prey to false ideologies that seek My children so that they may lose their souls. How many in their arrogance close their reason and thought to deny My Calls! How many, like the doctors of the law, deny My Calls for the conversion of My children and in their foolishness, publicly call Me a liar, an alarmist and an apocalyptic! Whoever does not live the Apocalypse in his life, how will he know how to distinguish between the Truth and the deception of the Antichrist who moves them to disobedience, to not obey nor live the Magisterium of My Church as is My Will? Whoever does not know the Apocalypse will deny all that is on Earth, will be foolish and a persecutor of My Calls. Beloved children, you live in the uncertainty of events because you do not accept that you are already being moved towards the cliff by the earthly power which, united, makes the decisions to lead you towards chaos with the collapse of the great attachment of the human creature: the economy. The whole economy of the world will be changed, what you use today to buy and sell will not be accepted to supply you with food and what you need to survive. Because of this I have called you to Faith in Me and in My Mother, who has provided you with the medicines to fight the diseases that are coming. Unfortunately, they continue to be deaf. These illnesses will not be fought with known medicines, but will react to what My House has made known to you. Wake up children! Do not fix your future in dates, but prepare yourselves and seek Me in Confession and in the Communion of My Body and Blood in the Eucharist. You see nature rushing over the countries of the earth, without yet being moved by your conscience. Pray My children, pray for Mexico, Chile, Ecuador and Colombia are shaken. Pray My children, pray for Central America and Panama are strongly shaken. Pray for Australia, it is suffering great devastation. Pray children, pray, pray, so many dormant volcanoes awaken causing serious human losses. This is due to the foolishness of some leaders who omit to alert My children. Pray children, pray, the earth continues to tremble at one point or another: Asia suffers, as well as Europe in the least expected areas. The war is advancing and a mistake will awaken the struggle of man against man, the struggle disguised as the possession of power. My beloved People, Argentina suffers unexpectedly and Brazil suffers in its heart. My children, I love you. I remain attentive to help you, you will not be abandoned by Me. I have ordered My beloved St. Michael the Archangel and His Legions to fight against the Devil and not to allow him to destroy you emotionally, so that you will be creatures who fulfill the First Commandment. I protect you, I help you, I speak to you so that you may reinforce what you already know. Store water within the home. Be reflections of My Peace and in peace give yourselves to your brother, help the helpless. Be cautious in speaking, for you are being watched with some evil intentions. Unite fraternally and forgive each other from the heart. The struggle is for souls, do not allow yourselves to be led away from Me. Stand firm and I, your Lord and your God, will deliver you from all evil. I bless you with My Fatherly Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-5-27 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I bless you. Live in fraternity as is My Will. You must continue on the road in peace with your brothers, carrying My Love wherever you go. I invite you to true repentance and to confess your sins so that you may receive the grace to possess a greater love on this very special day: the Feast of My Holy Spirit. In order for you to overcome all that you live and all that comes, you need the fruit of love, that love that goes beyond the human, that love that My Holy Spirit pours upon My children in the face of calamities and so that they do not despair. The Love of My Holy Spirit will keep you without despair, firm and keeping faith in Me. Constantly ask for the Gifts of My Holy Spirit within you, it is necessary for you to possess them and to be worthy of such great treasures. Gift of Wisdom, Gift of Understanding, Gift of Counsel, Gift of Fortitude, Gift of Science, Gift of Piety, Gift of Fear of God. You must work and act in My Will, be compliant with My Law, lead a worthy life and live with dignity. From the Gifts of My Holy Spirit come the fruits necessary for a righteous life, fully aware that without Me, they are nothing. These are: Love: which leads them to charity, to fully live fraternity and the fulfillment of the First Commandment. Joy: as the joy of the soul confirms to them, above all, that with Me there are no fears. Peace: it is the result of those who abandon themselves to My Will and live secure in My protection, in spite of earthly life. Patience: is possessed by the one who is not disturbed either before the adversities of life or before temptations, but lives in total harmony with his neighbor. Long-suffering: knowing how to wait for My Providence, even when everything seems impossible, gives them generosity. Benignity: it is possessed by the kind and gentle creature, who maintains gentleness towards others in his dealings. Kindness: it always benefits the neighbor, in My likeness, the surrender to the brother is constantly present in the creature who possesses it. Gentleness: it keeps them equanimous, it is a true brake on anger and wrath, it does not tolerate injustice, it does not allow vengeance or rancor. Fidelity: bears witness to my presence in the creature who is faithful to me to the end, living from my love, in truth. Modesty: as Temples of My Holy Spirit, they live with dignity and decorum, giving this temple the necessary dignity so as not to grieve My Holy Spirit. Continence: the creature possesses a high degree of conscience, possessing My Holy Spirit; therefore, the creature maintains order in its actions and actions, without desiring what it does not possess, being a witness of the interior order and controlling cravings. Chastity: as Temples of My Holy Spirit, they maintain a true fusion with Me; for this they surrender themselves to Me, thus weakening the disorders, not only of the flesh, but also the inner disorder that leads them to disorder in their actions and acts. Beloved children, be true witnesses of My Holy Spirit, not half-heartedly, but completely. Pray beloved children, pray, pray, the volcanoes roar and lead My children to suffer, varying the climate throughout the earth. Pray beloved children that the presence of My Holy Spirit, in fullness in My children, may cause evil not to penetrate mankind. Pray My children, a strong pain passes over My Church... Pray My children, pray for mankind's trust in Me. My Holy Spirit reigns in each of my children; it is up to each one to welcome it and to act and act rightly so that it may remain in you. Be on spiritual alert. I bless you with My Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-6-2 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of the Holy Trinity: by Divine Will I come to you and I invite you to be one with the Will of God. Only and only in God will you find true life. Be docile, be charitable, live without losing hope and annul yourselves so that your brothers may shine. Be those who bear witness to fraternity, knowing that he who forgives is forgiven, he who loves his brothers is loved by the Holy Trinity and by Our Queen and Mother of the End Times. Be more spiritual, thus you will bring the Divine Light to those who live in darkness and to those who are led astray on paths permeated with sacrileges against Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and against Our Queen and Mother. So much action contrary to Divine Love is directed by the hordes of Satan. This generation has risen up against Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, against Our Queen and Mother and against all that is order, morality, respect for the Gift of life, fidelity, fraternity and against the innocence of children. Children of the Holy Trinity you must make reparation for the offences of this generation. You are entering the final moment of forewarning and disasters are happening everywhere without stopping. Many countries are suffering because of nature, because of the evil acts and evil deeds of human creatures against their fellow men. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray, pray, the disease appears as a shadow spreading over the Earth. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray, keep yourselves ready, the earth is shaking with force. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray before so much suffering comes upon mankind to weaken them in preparation for the presentation of the Antichrist. Give to God what is God's: honour and glory. Be grateful and do not forget the medicines given by the Father House to combat the unknown diseases. In this final stretch, beloved children of the Holy Trinity, you will find brothers and sisters by the side of the road waiting for a helping hand to lift you out of the mire. Be that hand, filled with love of God and neighbour, to help the helpless. You must understand that at this moment charity is the weapon of the children of God. Nothing is your property... whatever is given is the property of the Holy Trinity. The works, the missions, the prayers, all that the laity offer to the Holy Trinity and to Our Queen and Mother, you must offer to the One Who deserves all honour and glory for ever and ever. Whatever they offer to Our Queen and Mother is an act of love, of devotion, of veneration to the One who is the Queen of Heaven. The more humble they are, the more blessings they will receive, the more gifts and virtues. This is the time of the hearts of flesh, of the children of the Holy Trinity who keep her in the first place. In the firmament, the heavenly bodies, the elements and everything created fulfil the function for which they were created, and the human creature? Children of the Holy Trinity, in order to pronounce this Name, you must remain conscious of such great majesty: Faith, Hope, Charity is heard on high! Prepare yourselves, what seemed far away is no longer far away. The Angel of Peace will bring you peace, not that which man believes to be peace, but true peace, that which comes from our King and Lord Jesus Christ. I bless you children of the Holy Trinity. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-6-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
Beloved children, thank you for being here in prayer and thank you for bending your knees. My children, this is the time of Tribulation that will be harder and harder but I ask you for prayer which is the best medicine for your souls. My children, pray for the Holy Spirit to descend in you so that He can heal all wounds, ask for the grace of forgiveness and love between brothers. The road that leads to Jesus is the most difficult, but with true and genuine faith you will be able to overcome all the fiercest pitfalls. Have living faith and witness the Love of Jesus, I will always be with you, do not fear. Now I bless you in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen. Today many graces will descend upon you.

2023-6-6 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Beloved children of Our Queen and Mother of the End Times, by Divine Will I come to you. At this time it is urgent that you possess the certainty that who each of you is in particular. Every human creature must know who he or she is and must know himself or herself. So many human creatures enclosed in their human ego prevent themselves from being able to look at themselves in the constant error in which they live. It is necessary that, in those who are called to review themselves inwardly, they NOW make the true and real purpose of searching within themselves: What is in them, what is their commitment to Christ, what are their feelings, their desires, their behaviour and their morals, what are their feelings, their desires, their behaviour and their morals? I call you, not to look at your ego, but at your behaviour towards your neighbour: What is your degree of love towards your neighbour and your dedication for your neighbour? Are you creatures of good or creatures of evil? How much good dwells in you? What is the quality of your actions and deeds? Beloved children of Our Lord and King Jesus Christ: As creatures belonging to this generation, you have not been confronted with evil as strongly as previous generations. The pestilence of sin resides in the Antichrist, the evil that he possesses is from hell itself; therefore, the wrath and persecution come from the one who totally dominates him. The Antichrist possesses great personality and cunning in order to drag the masses and convince them, for he does not cause panic, but attraction through lies and deception. He is making treaties with some earthly powers of darkness to create chaos in humanity and to separate the creature from his Lord and his God; establishing a new religion and hindering mutual food, health and economic aid between countries; making it easy for humanity to surrender to him to get what it needs and to subsist without thought of eternal salvation. The economy collapses in sequence. From one moment to the next they will be forced to acquire what they need until it falls, for when it falls the economy will fall everywhere. They live in the distractions of the mundane and away from love for the Holy Trinity and Our Queen and Mother. Yet out of love for Her children She grants them: to those who previously confess their sins with true repentance, on the 15th of June Our Queen and Mother will give them the grace of a greater love for the Most Holy Trinity and for their brethren, in preparation for them to face the trials that are already on earth and which will become greater and greater. I bless you, St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-6-9 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
My children, thank you for being here in prayer and thank you for listening to my call in your hearts. My children, pray, pray much, console my bleeding Heart and the Sacred Heart of Jesus. My children, even nature is turning against the earth, do you not see what is happening? This is caused by the great sin in the world, there is no longer peace and harmony. My children, be lights for the world and for your brothers, but to be bathed in light you must forgive, love your brothers and make prayers of reparation. Beloved children, because of closed hearts my Jesus is no longer present in families, in the hearts of many consecrated persons and often in the Churches. I ask you for urgent conversion.  Now I leave you with my motherly blessing in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit. Amen.

2023-6-10 Argentina - Holy Mary
Receive the blessing of this Mother who loves you: I bless you on this very special date; draw close to My Divine Son, live of Him and in Him, in a constant intimacy of souls faithful to My Divine Son. My Divine Son lives, in each of His children, guiding them, loving them, helping them, out of love, mercy and to offer them eternal life. Beloved children, each one of you is part of the Church which My Divine Son instituted, He dwells in you. Beloved children, as part of the mystical body of My Divine Son, like My Son, you are and will be persecuted. My Divine Son suffers for it, and like Saul, He asks the persecutors of His children: 'Why do you persecute Me? Beloved children, you know well that for love of My Divine Son you are and will be persecuted severely by the enemies of the Church. Without doubting that you have received the Eucharistic Sacrament, truly present in the Holy Eucharist, nourish yourselves continually from the Eucharists received, as well as from the adorations before the Blessed Sacrament. Beloved children, you are the dwelling place of My Divine Son and, therefore, be a worthy dwelling place. Turn away from the worldly and be creatures of good, love your brethren. My Divine Son is love and His children must be love for themselves and for their brethren. Very strong trials are approaching for mankind in general, therefore I call you to be at peace with My Divine Son: So that in the face of the great blackout that will occur, you may be enlightened by the Holy Spirit. Without neglecting the duty to prepare yourselves for this great test which will lead to the weather descending: prepare yourselves! It is painful for My Divine Son to see how war is closer, it is painful for this Mother... My children are preparing themselves as if for a feast and it is abominable. Pray My children, pray for the countries where their rulers wish the Church to disappear and their people to disappear. Pray My children, pray and protect health, the sudden deaths caused by the wrongdoings of those who rule mankind are increasing. Pray My children, pray for My true instruments, they are persecuted. Pray My children, pray for the United States, it suffers. Pray for Chile, Ecuador and Colombia. Be worthy abodes of the presence of My Divine Son in each of you. I am to intercede with My Divine Son for each of you. I do not separate from you, I love you with Motherly Love, be faithful to My Divine Son and receive the real presence of My Divine Son present in the Eucharist. Serious torments are approaching, and therefore I warn you to prepare yourselves with cold clothes. The sun is setting, evil is seizing this fact to take dominion over much of mankind. My Divine Son is Love, and to be at Peace with one's brothers and sisters is a great good for the soul. I bless and love you, Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

2023-6-13 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved of the Holy Trinity: As Prince of the Heavenly Legions, I am sent to bring you the Divine Will and the intercession of Our Queen and Mother. Beloved of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: the times are urgent! I call you to heartfelt prayer and to pray with faith, with charity, with humility and hope; confident in the Divine Love for each of you and confident in the Divine Protection of Our Queen and Mother of the End Times. Live in total gratitude to the Holy Trinity, to the Guardian Angels, to the Saints of your devotion and to Our Queen and Mother of the End Times. Be fraternal so that at the necessary time you may receive the necessary help. Children of the Holy Trinity, evil at this time is pouring out all its wickedness upon all humanity, in the face of the vengeance that the Devil has upon the children of the 'Woman clothed with the sun'. That is why the human creature must meditate on the greatness of the Gift of Life and must meditate on what Divine Protection really is and even more on the most precious gift that the creature possesses: the Holy Eucharist. Whoever keeps his personal faith nourished and is fraternal, sharing with all the knowledge he possesses, part of the way to the Heavenly Banquet is gained by works and deeds. Without forgetting our beloved Angel of Peace, I call upon you on this special date to offer a prayer for the Angel of Peace knowing that it is he who comes to set an example of the true faith, hope and charity in which most of you will rise. Nature continues its pace; you have watched as some volcanoes became active and other volcanoes will become active in sequence. Water improvises wreaking havoc in various countries, as you have lived and watched up to this moment. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray for the United States, the weather is no longer the same and this nation will suffer the strong earthquake affecting part of Canada. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray for Mexico, this nation will suffer greatly, its soil is shaking causing great pain to its inhabitants. Pray children of the Most Holy Trinity, pray for Central America; Nicaragua is suffering from the earthquake: Rivas, Carazo, Granada and Managua are affected. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, Costa Rica suffers because of the earthquake: San José is the most affected place, Alajuela, Cartago and Limón suffer great grief, the whole country is moving strongly. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, Panama suffers because of the earthquake: Bocas del Toro, Chiriqui, Los Santos, suffer the consequences of the earthquake. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray for Colombia, Ecuador and Peru are shaken, the beaches of Brazil are reduced, Chile suffers from the earthquake, Uruguay and Argentina are surprised by the movement of the earth. Each one of you, children of the Holy Trinity and of our Queen and Mother, do not be upset, remain in peace. Peace is necessary in times of chaos and faith is the key that tells you where to go without despair. Prepare yourselves for strong events without forgetting that the master of the vine goes before each one of you and by the hand of our Mother. Continue without discouragement, without fear, trusting in the Divine Mercy and repenting of your sins. Who is like God, no one is like God! St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-6-17 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of the Holy Trinity, I come to you to bring you the Divine Word. The embrace of the Sacred Hearts is the shelter by which mankind fights the demons that tempt them. The Immaculate Heart of Mary calls you to allow yourselves to give yourselves to Her to shelter you in Her Virginal Womb, before which the demons fear. Darkness comes and you will have no communication... Grow in faith, be charitable and do not refuse to help your brother in such difficult times. Children of the Holy Trinity, spiritual defences are indispensable to you, defences that you take with your free will to combat all that would lead you away from Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. At this very moment, already spiritually prepared with the confession of the 15th of June, make up your minds to a new life without so much evil that keeps you away from Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and from Our Queen and Mother. Good resolutions must be a reality in each of you. You must 'arm yourselves with the breastplate of faith' and decide for a combative life against personal sin. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray for the United Kingdom suffers too much from war and its soil shudders: Aberdeen suffers, Glasgow suffers from the earthquake, Ireland suffers. Sons of the Most Holy Trinity, France is shaken by the earthquake: Lyon is hard shaken, Marseilles suffers by the war and by the earthquake, Havre is hit by the water and shaken. Children of Our Queen and Mother of the End Times: this is a time when you must be 'shrewd as serpents and simple as doves'. Beloved People of the Holy Trinity: wake up before it is too late! All is in readiness, for the time to come, by the movers and shakers of the mills of humanity. Look at what is happening in the world and do not deny what is happening. Continue on the right path with faith, with love, with charity and with abundant love of neighbour. May the Trinitarian Blessing be in each one, salvation and forgiveness. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-6-20 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Heart, I bless you and love you with Eternal Love. Children of My Divine Son: spiritually there is an urgent need to change your actions and actions so that you may become like My Divine Son. To act and behave in the way of the world brings you closer to the Devil for you are susceptible to fall into his clutches. Human nature tends to elevate the human ego, to exalt its work, to make itself known by itself and this leads the human creature to be proud and more of the world. Beloved children: Earth changes are happening rapidly, in one place or another. These phenomena and others not experienced before are signs of the proximity of strong events for humanity. Nature moves swiftly and gives no respite to the creature. This will increase more and more and will be the reason for evacuations in some areas of the Earth. Beloved children: you lack faith, you must be more of heaven than of earth. Trust in Divine Providence but first repent of your deeds and wrongdoings. The Earth continues to present earthquakes, thus announcing humanity's proximity to what is to come. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray, it is urgent to change spiritually and prepare materially. Do not put it off until tomorrow. Be creatures of good, facilitate the distribution of these calls before it is too late. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray for Germany, it suffers greatly, Hamburg and Berlin are heavily scourged by nature. Children, America is tested, the shortage will be strong, I warn you. Trust, have faith, do not despair, but do not hold on, but pray with the heart. Do not turn away from my Divine Son and come to me when you need me. Pray to the Angel of Peace, ask Him for help now! Continue to be humble, for to the humble is the glory. Pray children, pray for the good of each of your brethren. Be upright in your actions and deeds, be creatures of goodness. My Blessing is with each of you. Have faith to continue and spiritual strength. You can do all things in Christ who strengthens you. My womb will give you the light that will strengthen you and in it I will shelter my children. Have peace, do not despair for the Glory you will experience in Heaven and in every victory over the human ego. I love you My little children, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

2023-6-24 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children of My Heart, you are clay in My Hands... Humility is a great virtue which I love in the creature... you live in the moments before the great world devastation. Envy succeeds in crushing man's very thoughts and leads him to forget that he is going to destroy himself. The struggles, the threats, the supremacy are advancing... humanity is prey to the tension generated by the threats that are passing into action. Pray My children, pray, Cuba is shaking with force, part of its territory is falling. Pray My children, pray, Jamaica is suffering in its southern region because of the shaking of its land. Pray children, pray, Haiti and the Dominican Republic suffer from the force of nature, they are strongly shaken. Pray children, pray, Puerto Rico is hit by a tsunami. Pray children, Aruba suffers. Pray My children, pray, Trinidad and Tobago is shaken. Pray My children, pray, small islands are prey to a tsunami. My children: the human creature believes what suits him, what he wishes to hear and this is a way of rebelling against the Divine Will. My People possess faith, so much so that they know that as a people on the march, they are delivered by Me from what is going to happen to humanity in the midst of the fulfilment of the Prophecies. The place for protection from danger is 'a heart of flesh', otherwise nothing will suffice. The firmament will appear to be on fire, this being the product of man's evil. I will not tire of calling you to a change of life. Wait in peace, but surely for the coming of the Angel of Peace. You are My children, be clear about this. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-7-1 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, I bless you. My Divine Son loves you and calls you to be faithful to Him... My Divine Son's Love is the source of His infinite Mercy, therefore you may approach to ask for His forgiveness 'with a contrite and humbled heart' at all times with the confidence and assurance that His most loving Heart awaits you. Beloved children, the earth is covered with thick mists. You do not see them with the naked eye; only those who see what is happening with spiritual eyes are able to find the real essence of what is happening. These mists fed by the Devil further cloud the hearts of stone, the minds that have given themselves over to the mundane and My children who deny what this Mother has told them will happen. At this time mankind resists doing good, believing, obeying and loving My Divine Son... They will experience what they never thought they would experience in the face of disbelief, unloving and disobedience to My Divine Son. They are quick to embrace falsehood, eager to find those who will deny all that I reveal in order to embrace it. Beloved children, maintain prayer, My children pray and are heard. Solid foundations are indispensable for you to keep your faith firm, prayer must be accompanied by good works so that it may bear fruits of mercy, charity and hope. Prayer is to act within the Law of God so that the fruit of your works and your actions will be good fertiliser that will fertilise those around you. Prayer is not only verbal, but must be born of the heart; and the heart, in order to bear good fruit, must be nourished by the acts and deeds of those who fulfil the Will of God. The Commandments are to be fulfilled, the Sacraments are to be fulfilled and lived with love and the Works of Mercy are love. What is a creature of prayer like? It is the result of Divine Love operating in that creature. I invite you to unity, you must help one another to survive in the face of what is coming. Do not put off until tomorrow what you can do today. The time is urgent, even if some of my children do not believe it. Receive My Divine Son, in His Body and Blood in the Holy Eucharist. Adore Him in the Blessed Sacrament of the altar where He is present, alive and pulsating. Prepare yourselves for the coming of my beloved Angel of Peace, without confusing Him with an Angel of the Heavenly Court. He is an Angel of Peace by his essence, by his mission to keep guiding, encouraging and providing spiritual word so that faith does not wane. Beloved children, you have built the 'new Tower of Babel' to disprove the Holy Scripture. It will not confuse human creatures in its language, but in its spirituality. It will present them with enticing spiritual novelties so that they will abandon the Holy Trinity. How many say that the Antichrist does not exist? These are the tentacles with which the Antichrist prepares his way... He is in front of you and you do not look at him. Wake up children! or do you expect me to speak to each one in particular? Pray children, pray, pray, nature continues to give serious surprises to the human creature. Pray children, pray with a heart of flesh, you need it. Pray children, pray, Miami cries, pray children. Pray children, pray, Paraguay needs your prayers. Pray children, pray, many of My children will convert, they will return to the fold after being polished and look at themselves before the Truth of what this Mother has forewarned them. They will adore My Divine Son and grieve for their sins. This Mother will not forsake them. I have welcomed with love the intense days of prayer and consecration that I have received from My favourite children. In the end My Immaculate Heart will triumph. My special Blessing at this time upon the children of My Divine Son. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-7-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
Dear children, thank you for having listened to my call in your hearts. Beloved children, do not be afraid of the times that will come and that have been revealed to you. My children, always ask and pray to the Holy Spirit to guide you in discernment. My children, I am here to teach you to walk in the footsteps of Jesus, I have pleaded with you for many years for conversion. I have continually asked you to adore God in the Blessed Sacrament, yet you are too engrossed in the things of the world. Now I bless you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen.

2023-7-7 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of the Holy Trinity: I am sent to bring forth the word which is the Divine Will. You received the earth of blessing to care for it and make it produce; instead, you have created destruction and chaos. They have used wisdom to create destruction in an unbridled race to take over the earth. Even if the chaos advances and they decide to exterminate the people of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, no human creature possesses the power to own that which is Divine Property. The earth was given to them to care for and nourish and beautify, but disobedience has caused great contradictions through human ambition. The earth is sinking in various countries and the human creature will continue to face these onslaughts. Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Europe will change! From France has begun the fire of destruction caused by the violence that the Devil has grafted onto human creatures. Invasions are spreading with great dissimulation hiding the real reason. France falls into the hands of those it welcomed. Spain will fall prey to the same violence. Barcelona suffers to the point of exhaustion, engulfed in flames by creatures who tear it apart. Spain trembles at the hatred of those who attack it from within. Italy suffers in the same way; with great fury it is attacked. Italy is invaded by those who deny Our King and Lord Jesus Christ by maintaining their slogan of erasing every visible trace of the Will of God. Pray children, pray, a Heavenly Body approaches the earth. Pray children, pray, America suffers for the events in Europe. Pray children, pray, the war is not going away, it is closer to you. Pray children, pray, mankind brings out of itself the basest thing it possesses. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Exalt the faith and continue to worship the King of kings and Lord of lords, be steadfast in faith and be upright in deed and action. Bear in mind that the Angel of Peace is not an Angel of the Heavenly Court, He is a chosen creature, instructed, sent, with words of peace that will come out of His mouth, with wisdom and with spiritual power to confront the Antichrist. They will recognise Him because He is love and His presentation will follow that of the Antichrist so as not to be confused. The Father House does not leave His people alone, therefore the Envoy or Angel of Peace is a creature who works and acts in the Will of God completely. Fear him not, fear the Antichrist and fear the loss of the soul. My heavenly legions are attentive to the defence of human creatures, though you must do your part. Our Queen and Mother appears before mankind, how many will venerate Her? Our Queen and Mother is present in the Basilicas of the world and in those humble hidden chapels where human creatures, in humility, fully worship the King of kings and Lord of lords. With My Sword held high, I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-7-12 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Most beloved children: Receive My Blessing: so that My Holy Spirit may illuminate your path, give you discernment, provide you with wisdom and give you knowledge so that My blessing may bear fruits of eternal life in you. You must be compliant with My Law and constantly fight against the disordered appetites that lead you away from Me and towards perdition. The struggle is spiritual my children, even though you hear of disasters, of wars, of events of nature, but above all the struggle is spiritual. It is the opening of the door of the Antichrist who pours his evil upon humanity, preparing his public appearance. Beloved children, staying within My Will makes you more steadfast in faith, more determined to be Mine and not to give yourselves over to acting within evil. Distinguish yourselves by being generous, charitable, kind, fraternal and creatures of communion, keeping My Law and the Sacraments, loving My Blessed Mother at all times. As the end of the period of the pre-warning approaches, My people must remain vigilant of the events... I mourn before the unbelief in which many of My children live. These unbelievers jump everywhere and appropriate the thoughts of those who follow Me half-heartedly in order to act in secret, undermining lukewarm faith. Feed on My Body and Blood and strengthen your faith in My Word by being knowledgeable in Sacred Scripture. My beloved ones, you are going through a difficult time! From various points on Earth they are preparing to cause chaos and war from one moment to the next. As mankind you need prayer, you need to grow spiritually and you must be humble to grow. The humble with knowledge of My Word are not surprised by wolves in sheep's clothing. Pray My children, pray for England, the pain comes. Pray My children, pray for Nicaragua, My Divine Heart suffers for these My people. Pray My children, pray for Spain, it is shaken and its people suffer from the violence that is unleashed. Pray My children, pray for Germany, violence is approaching. Pray My children, pray, My Mother does not forsake you, she guides you to safe harbor. Continue to hold My Mother's hand. Beloved children, evil has entered mankind, it has mingled with mankind who does not love Me and rejects My Blessed Mother. The product of this distancing of the human creature from Me is the perversity in which they live, the lack of morals and values in this generation. Beloved children: unite in prayer! You are heard in My House. Be fraternal and protect yourselves, thus you are stronger under the protection of My Shadow. My beloved envoy, the Angel of Peace, possesses the Gifts and Virtues of My Spirit. His word is firm, merciful and truthful. My children will come to him. My beloved Envoy is the essence of My Love, the essence of the love of My Beloved Mother. Be in My Peace. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-7-18 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children: How much I love you children, how much I love you! My calls are not in vain... My Words are urgent! A halt on the way is necessary before the strongest of My Prophecies are attracted by the rebellion of mankind. How much lamentation, how much pain this generation suffers! They deny My Divine Son and will distort the Law of God... they will join sin to call it common good, solidarity and mercy. The nauseating mire of sin is spread all over the earth, but to the faithful of My Divine Son, that mire does not touch them. St. Michael the Archangel and His Legions keep evil away from those who are worshippers of My Divine Son. Great volcanoes emanate gases that will not allow sunlight to reach the Earth and the cold not previously experienced by the human creature will pierce the skin. It is the cold similar to that of the soul without God. Prepare yourselves! Pray children, pray, Spain is suffering the insurrection of its people against the contagion of violence. Pray children, pray, Mexico suffers, its soil is strongly shaken. Guatemala suffers. Pray children, pray, Europe is in grave danger. Pray children, pray, if you consecrate every home to Our Sacred Hearts you will be defended from evil, prospering spiritually and strife in families will cease. Beloved children, all repentance of heart is welcomed by My Divine Son, who receives you in His merciful Arms. The future of mankind is tragic, but united in brotherhood it will change and the peace you have so longed for will come, surrendering the Earth to the Creator for His Glory and the Salvation of the human soul. Pay attention children, pay attention! In the temples where the Sacraments are rightly lived and especially the Eucharist is celebrated, Our Sacred Hearts will be seen. May My Blessing in each one be the balm that will keep you in faith. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

2023-7-23 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: I come to you by Divine Will... I come to invite you to be creatures of faith and perpetual worshippers of the Sacramental Jesus; in this way, hearts of stone will succeed in allowing the Great Maker of life to shape them with a chisel, according to His Will. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I bring you great joy: at the time of humanity's greatest trial, the Divine and Infinite Mercy will show the human creature that he is not alone, but on the contrary, it will be when he will be most accompanied by the Paternal House and by Our Queen and Mother. The Holy Spirit shows Himself powerfully, even when the faith of the human creature is like a mustard seed. It is when there is true faith in the human creature that the greatest miracles occur in the children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. The signs and signals have not been long in coming, all that has been announced moves forward without stopping. Human free will causes great evil when it gives free rein to its arrogance. They will wait for the Divine Will: and you shall hear of wars and rumours of wars. beware! Be not alarmed, for all this must come to pass; but it is not yet the end. For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and in different places there will be famines and earthquakes. But all this is only the beginning of sorrows. War is coming and man in his madness for power will use atomic energy. Our King and Lord Jesus Christ will intervene and stop the war, thus preventing man from raising his hand to end the earth. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I look to you seeking dates or chronologies of events to know if what has been announced in the Prophecies has been fulfilled or is near. Where is your faith? Wherever you are, I beg you to continue without fear for what must be fulfilled: it is necessary! For your own sake keep the faith, without living in fear. It is important that you increase your faith so that you may discern and not become confused and lukewarm. I look at those who seek the chronology of the times; they seek to make sense of events in their daily lives in order to anticipate and feel secure in the revelations and in what each one of you is experiencing as a human creature and as part of the Mystical Body of Christ. The signs and signals are being fulfilled within the Will of God. What you have not contemplated is the Holy Trinity cancelling some decree made known in a prophecy; this, in the face of the strong and firm prayer of some children of God, who keep offering the living of the Eucharistic Celebration, receiving in a state of grace the Holy Eucharist and living each act or work in a constant practice of prayer. Be attentive, children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ! Children of Our Queen and Mother, be attentive! Humanity has fallen into total debauchery. Chaos does not beset humanity, humanity is in chaos. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for the youth who still keep God in their hearts and keep The Commandments of God's Law; pray for the youth who walk without God in their hearts to return to the fold. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, the famine is encompassing more countries until it becomes widespread. This is not from nature alone, but from the man of power. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray and live prayer. Australia suffers; France, oh France, is devastated. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, the waters of the seas are churning, bringing nearer sea creatures dangerous to mankind. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, I am Protector of mankind, I keep you all guarded so that evil shall not touch you. Be true children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and of Our Queen and Mother, keep unity in families, be protectors of the children given over to evil by those who are in obedience to the Antichrist. Hold the Hand of Our Queen and Mother, do not separate yourselves from Her who loves you. Be certain that by keeping firm faith, you will come to taste the true peace which the Holy Trinity has promised for those who remain faithful. Go ahead, invoke your Guardian Angels, they protect you constantly. Keep in mind the prayer of the Holy Rosary, pray it with your heart. I love you, people of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-7-29 Argentina - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, I offer you My Heart so that you may come to Me and take refuge in it. In My Heart you will find the Divine Love on which you can feed and from My Heart I offer you all The Light you need to work and act within My Will: It is the light that does not go out because it is the Morning Star... It is the light that illuminated and illuminates My Disciples... It is the delicate light that illuminates all, without however leaving the sight resentful... It is the light of mystical silence, which welcomed all humanity... That light is My Mother, whom I love and lives within My Heart interceding for humanity. It is that encounter with love that bears the fruits of eternal life. It is at this time that mankind must embrace and not turn away from My Mother, for My Mother achieved great miracles through obedience before and at this time she achieves great miracles from My House, interceding for each of you. My children, I constantly bless you and so must you: bless one another. It is not necessary to exaggerate the greeting or the farewell, with a God bless you or blessings is enough; without forgetting that the shows or spectacles are the way of the Devil. The time when mankind will taste the pain and cruelty of the human creature is very near. The time when mankind will pale before the fulfilment of the Prophecies is very near; so near that they will hear the lamentations of mankind who have despised My Word and they will hear the lamentations of those who have accepted to adulterate My Word and stand before all My People. My children, it is very important that you strengthen one another, that you be discreet and be observant of every sign and every sign as they come to pass. Pray My children, pray, pray, a new disease is emerging for the skin and respiratory system; it is very aggressive and invasive and is transmitted in a short time. To combat this disease take pineapple, as it is known where you live. Add three slices of the fruit and a leaf of the same plant in boiling water and drink a litre of this decoction little by little during the day for several days. The plant called Mullein will also help you. Pray My children, pray, the war has ceased to be a spectre and has become a reality: the most dire nightmare the creature will ever face. Pray My children, pray, mankind feels itself crumbling in the face of the spiritual emptiness that overwhelms them and will join in that which will lead them to not feel loneliness. My Heart suffers for it. Pray children, pray for Mexico, for Ecuador, for Colombia, for Costa Rica, for Chile, Nicaragua, Bolivia, Italy, Spain, Taiwan and the United States: they are shaken. Keep in mind my children that prayer with the heart, with a purpose and being love at this time, is very important. Come to Me, little children. I bless you, I call you to come to My Sacred Heart. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-8-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
My children, thank you for being here and for listening to my call in your hearts. My children, humanity does not accept God into its life and does not understand that it is only for Him that one has life. My children, we are in the time of revelation and I ask you to love, love God, run to Him and embrace Him in the fountain of His love and let Him embrace you, only thus hidden in His Holy Wounds can you have salvation. My children, beware of your children, be very careful of that humanity that wants to distort the laws of creation and of the creator, do not fall into Satan's trap because now everything will turn to eternity. Many graces will descend upon you today. Now I leave you with my motherly blessing, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen.

2023-8-3 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: My sword stands high, not only as a sign of protection and defence towards humanity, but as a sign that the human creature must aspire to be spiritual. The Devil constantly strives to lead them astray and presents them with a world that is the same at all times, putting on a mask so that they do not see the Truth, but a distorted moment of reality. Peoples rise up against their rulers and revolts become more constant, violence becomes customary. Man becomes entrenched in evil and chaos ensues. Religion is undermined and society is overshadowed. They impose a single religion, they turn against each other for a single religion and persecutions reach even into families. They rush against Spain, France, England, Germany and Poland; they are betrayed, not by foreigners, but by those to whom those nations gave shelter. Freedom has been reduced to an idea so that man abandons himself to have no freedom, to think and act, but to have his life decided by other brothers. This moment turns like the blades of a windmill, unseen; the wind keeps the blades in motion, so is this moment. The wind of evil keeps the evil minds in constant motion in a constant acting of evil upon humanity. Beloved children of Our Lord and King Jesus Christ: you must change now! If you wish to save the soul. You must be more of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and of Our Queen and Mother so that the Divine Hand will sustain you and the Love of Our Queen and Mother will draw you to the Open Side of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Be vigilant! You are heading towards the fulfillment of grave and great events already known to you throughout the revelations. Be love that love may strengthen you and keep you within the working and acting of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, the sun becomes aggressive to man changing the climate of the Earth. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, the technology is in danger because of the sun. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray, mankind is in danger from the advancement of those who hold power. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, keep the faith at all times. Being creatures of faith leads you to maintain the protection of My Legions. Be converted, be beloved children of Our Queen and Mother, who guides the Angel of Peace before His appearance in defence of humanity. Maintain inner peace that you may be enlightened by the Holy Trinity. I bless you, beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-8-7 Argentina - Holy Father
Beloved children, as a loving Father I bless you. See it especially for each of My human creatures and for all that comes from My hands. I rejoice when you work and act in My Will; from the least of My children to the most outstanding of My children, you are protected by Me. Each one of you maintains My Protection. I have given you all free will to use it and choose the good, yet you have failed to do so because of pride or ignorance. I watch in pain as you have not come to understand the Infinite Love, the limitless gift you have received from My House, sending My Son to die for each of you. Death does not prevail and My Son rises to eternal life, that must be clear to you... He rises, for the Resurrection is the greatest sign of Divine Power, My Divinity will never be defeated! Not all worship Me and the few who worship Me are tireless bearers of faith, whom they will persecute for preaching with the Truth. You have continued with the madness of death at the hands of yourselves; and it will be the human creature without My Protection, who will come to initiate the greatest tragedy by sowing terror, atrocities and genocides until My Hand stops them with a heavy punishment. They blame Me for everything that happens to them... They call Me when they need Me to solve their problems and I come again and again with My Infinite Mercy, helping them, but when they emerge from where they are submerged, they forget about Me and that is when I allow them to experience loneliness and sadness, so that they may amend the life of sin. Spiritual hunger comes and they do not know how to satiate it because they walk aimlessly, blindly, without thinking that the day may be the last day of their life. They follow so many false ideologies that without truly loving Me, they become lukewarm and question Me after abandoning Me. Humanity suffers and will suffer, being the choice of what you have allowed and desire: to live on your own. I have allowed them to live in their own way, but I must stop this human folly... I will not allow man to destroy what I have created! As the usurpers of My Will find themselves in decision making, mankind lives insecure and overshadowed by the Devil, who walks, breathes and is welcomed with great feasts of sin. My Hand is so gentle that you do not feel it, and at the same time it executes My Designs with truthfulness, but prepare yourselves, My children, to be saved for love of Me. I will allow My Daughter, Mary Most Holy, to appear in the Basilicas of the whole world. My children worry when they learn that there are no Basilicas in their villages, but far away from where they dwell. They soon forget that where there is faith and where they adore Me in spirit and truth as the Father of mankind, My Love performs the greatest miracles for My Love for mankind. Of famines, do not fear... Of war, do not fear... Of persecutions, do not fear... Of new ideologies, do not fear... I, your Father, am with My children and there is none greater than I! I bless your hearts so that you may find hearts of flesh. At all times stand firm, for many things must come to pass for the good of mankind. I love humanity. Your Father. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-8-13 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, I bless you, I love you, you are My children. I come again before each one of you, before humanity to give you the honey of My Motherly Love... I come to guide you towards My Divine Son... I come to awaken you from the somnolence with which you look at everything that happens, knowing that the axis of spiritual life is My Divine Son and without My Divine Son you are nothing, and you know this... I call you to take the initiative as children of My Divine Son to pray in unity, in faith and in surrender to the Will of the Father. Humanity, dominated by all that reaches the unconscious, finds itself overcome by a system that has one goal: that is the power over moral values in order to undermine every human creature. From aberration to aberration, from sacrilege to sacrilege, from fall to fall, humanity is approaching its own purification. In the midst of disease, in the midst of new dispositions to move from one country to another, in the midst of continual strife and attacks between countries, war takes hold and explodes. Pray My children, pray, pray, war is far away and it is not far away. Pray My children, pray for France; pray for Africa, it is necessary! Pray My children, pray for the Middle East, prayer is necessary. Pray My children, pray for humanity. Beloved of My Immaculate Heart, the Third War is happening because of the rebellion, the lack of conversion of mankind and the rejection of My Divine Son. Be certain that you are in the final stretch of the fulfillment of My Prophecies. Without waiting, without delay, convert now, My children. Darkness is covering the Earth, extinguishing minds, hardening hearts, raising voices against My Divine Son, dividing family members and distancing them from God. The darkness, it is the darkness of the Devil, came to some of My children first, took them, froze their feelings, emptied their love and invaded them with interests of every kind. My beloved Angel of Peace comes to the aid of those who ask Him to bring down the demon, to remove it from human creatures who live with a heart of stone flooded by materialistic interests and alien to living according to the Will of My Divine Son. That spiritual darkness that advances along with mischief, deception, and echoes in the creatures who lack God. Ask in prayer for the coming of the beloved Angel of Peace. Ask in prayer for you Faithful Remnant, repent, repair, pray! I bless you with My Love. Conversion My children, conversion! Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-8-21 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Brothers: I look at my sweet Jesus with the majesty of His Divinity and He says to me: My beloved, how I rejoice in the human creatures who decide to convert and do not decline in that decision in the face of the urgency of being firm, strong and determined to be blessed by Me! My children in the process of conversion are leaving smelly pieces of flesh that they carry with them and without realising it, they continue to be spiritually blind and uselessly proud. Humanity is saturated with these creatures and it is urgent that they have the strength to look at themselves as they are, with their personal faults and not to look at the faults of others. There are detents that are so often repeated that they are heavy stones, which, attached to the body like spores, lead them to suffer from false wisdom, from appearances that are fleeting and typical of wolves in sheep's clothing. Look at the moment and how they set their feet on the earth: Are they firm, do they feel firm, children? Will this firmness be perpetual? Look at your brothers and sisters who are tasting the bitterness of pain and the strength of nature. I call you to enter into the Way of Truth, but: of the humble Truth... of the Truth that loves... of the Truth that gives itself... of the Truth that does not desire everything for itself... of the Truth that knows the walk of My true child, whom I chisel to sculpt. My children, without the gentleness of the Truth and without the discretion of the Truth, you only succeed in imposing yourselves... Will you be loved or rejected? And what have I sent you to do? I have sent them to be fraternal and to be keepers of The Commandments. They confuse raising their voice before their brothers with demonstrating strength, power or wisdom. Thus they achieve the opposite effect and are rejected. Most of My children suffer persecution from those who do not love Me and persecution of their own making. My children are not only persecuted, but will be persecuted more, for My Divine Love in the human creature causes the enemy of the soul to vomit out, who ensnares them through base instincts and through pride which is the master of fallen souls. They possess persecutors and do not know it: Envy is a bad companion and a great persecutor of the creature himself... The ignorance of the proud is a great persecutor of himself... Foolishness is a fierce persecutor of himself... The lack of understanding towards the brethren turns on the creature himself and on his own square metre. Some spiritual detents have repercussions on the creature itself and spread to the fellow men. My Jesus shows me the human creature almost without walking because he drags so much on himself and does not let himself fall on a whim, refusing to accept the Divine Requests in order to transform himself internally. Transformation that must begin by looking at oneself and realising that one is not as Our Lord expects of a good son. Then He says to Me: My Beloved: Humanity is heading towards suffering strongly, evil prevails and My children despise the good. One human creature of evil thoughts is enough to cause evil to all those around him. A single creature of good transforms the world and those it touches in its life. Tell them, My daughter, that the elements scourge humanity in general and they must prepare themselves by helping one another. Tell them that the heart of stone leads them to adapt themselves to the evil oppressor of the soul, to be harder and even in great danger of joining the Devil. Suffering is fast approaching, so many countries will suffer, that one country will not be able to help others, will not give them the right moment. Europe, the cradle of great prowess for humanity, will cease to be so in the face of what awaits it: the seizure of countries and the invasion that is being forcefully imposed. There will be a time when the borders will not be for people to move from one country to another, but to move the captives of war. My children will be shocked at what they will experience, at the outward wickedness of the human creature at the height of decision. A brief silence... and My adored Lord Jesus Christ continues: Beloved: I send My most beloved Angel of Peace, not so that the human creature may expect to be saved without personal merit or think that He will come to change you in your actions and actions, because the change should have already taken place in you; but He comes to give My Word to those who thirst for Me, to those who desire to convert in the midst of the dominion of the Antichrist, with the angelic humility of one who, being prepared by My Mother, is My Mother's treasure for these moments. My Angel of Peace is an angel because He is a faithful messenger of My Word, which He knows to perfection and is the one who has been appointed by My House to teach you the Law of Love. Beloved children, do not fear that My Guardian Angels protect and will protect you. Be exemplary children and you will receive the best reward: My House by inheritance. May My blessings be in each of you the balm that draws you to Me. Giving Me an extensive blessing for all, He said to Me: I bless you all, My beloved ones. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-8-28 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart: as Queen and Mother of the End Times I impart to you My blessing, that which a Mother gives to Her children so that they may take safe steps, entrusting them to the Will of God. Children, you are loved, very much loved by this Mother. I look at you every moment, I anticipate your deeds and acts to invite you to be right, then each one makes his decision. Beloved ones of My Divine Son: the moment passes without your noticing it. Everything happens in the blink of an eye, even though My children are too immersed between the material and the mundane to realise that everything has been transformed: look at the weather, the sun, nature, violence... Diseases from solar storms will affect you to the point of experiencing what will be a geomagnetic storm as a result of a coronal mass ejection which will lead to the failure of so much electronic progress. This will cause serious fires so be prepared to be without electrical power. Think, feel the Divine Message! Think children that every call is a yes to life... Reforms are coming in My Son's Church which will shock the world. Many of My children will be confused by it. You live in an overwhelming time... therefore do not turn away from My Divine Son. Be persevering, resist, be strong and trust in Divine Protection. Beloved children, without forgetting the wave of illness you experienced, I must tell you that you will be tested again, not by the Will of God, but by human wills. Have all that I have recommended to you so that you may be relieved in sickness. Beloved children, in the depths of the Earth, as the tectonic plates rub against each other, some deeper than those you know, they cause loud noises and cause the sea animals to come out from where they live in search of salvation. Pray My children, pray for what is not God's Will to happen. Pray My children, pray for one another. Pray My children, pray for America, the earth will move. Pray My children, pray, in Colombia, Chile, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Brazil there will be high intensity earthquakes. Pray My children, pray for Spain will be attacked, France will be invaded, Russia will suffer and Ukraine will be surprised. Prayer elevates the soul, prayer with the heart prepares the human creature to eternally adore the Holy Trinity in Heaven. I bless you with all My Love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-9-1 Argentina - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, I bless you with My Love, so much love is lacking among My children that I must awaken them! The loveless human creature becomes a predator of his brothers and sisters to the point of desiring to dominate them so that they act and behave as the predator desires. Humanity has broken The Commandments and does not take them into account in order to develop in life. This is very dangerous for those who act in this way, for with the yardstick by which you measure you will be measured, and a fourth more. Children, it is dangerous to go from humility to pride, it is only one step. The creature does not perceive it, but when he analyses his way of acting and behaving, if he is sincere with himself, he will notice that he has passed to pride. This must be taken into account by all, do not say to yourselves, it is not for me, it is for all. Creatures inflated in their human ego always know everything and know nothing... My Designs are My Designs! I invite you to be generous with yourselves for the good of the soul and so that you may be certain of what My Will is. You see how catastrophes happen around the Earth, how the peoples are surprised again and again by nature: the earth sinks, and the rivers suddenly sweep away populations and My children are not ready to be more Mine than from evil. The sun brings change on Earth and it will be when electricity and the media will not have it; it will be when perhaps they will take a break and some will turn their eyes to Me and decide to change. I have warned them about the sun and how it will affect them, but few are preparing how to survive without electricity and technology. It will be when My forced children will return to being like their ancestors and use various methods for lighting, cooking and necessities. My little children, be charitable to your fellow man, be fraternal, do not turn away from your brothers so that you may help one another and not perish. Be vigilant! Pray each of you at every moment that you may be united to My House, that My Mother may hear you and that St. Michael and His Legions may be invoked for you. My beloved ones, these are strong moments that you are entering into, these are moments of ungodliness; hence the indispensability of remaining united to My House, united to My Mother and pleading for the assistance of St. Michael the Archangel and His Legions. I promise you: the more faithful you are to Me and My Mother, the more I will entrust one more Angel to each of My Children to be guarded, as long as they are compliant to My Will. Continue to pray to My beloved Angel of Peace, it is He who will give spiritual support to My People. I send him, I protect and guard him. He is a faithful doer of My Will and will encourage you in times of tribulation and loneliness. He is My beloved son and beloved son of My Blessed Mother, he will not allow heresies and sacrileges to continue, I am your Lord and your God. Pray My children, pray for one another that you may remain faithful to Me. Pray children, pray, pray, not all phenomena that happen as of nature are of nature, but the order and energy is altered to the detriment of countries. You will know this when what happens is alarming, unbelievable and frightening. Not everything that happens is mercilessly caused by man. Pray children, pray, the disease is coming again, you know how you must protect yourselves, do not ignore it. Pray children, pray, be creatures of faith and knowledge so that you will not be led like lambs to the slaughter. Pray children, pray, understand and feel My infinite Love for you, for all My children. Be creatures of peace, of goodness, creatures who do not seek to confront one another, but creatures of Mine who seek to bring Me to every brother and every place. Pray My children, pray for Italy, suffer for nature. My Peace be in each one of you, the distinction that you are My children, My witnesses. You know how much I love you and how much I beg you to persevere so that you may continue towards My House by My Hand and by the Hand of My Most Holy Mother! Be loving of Saint Michael the Archangel and his legions and be loving of My archangels and angels. My beloved ones, I have given you all that you need spiritually to keep you seeking the intercession of My Saints and Blessed Ones. Be faithful, do not be fanatics, for the fanatics know neither My Love nor My Mercy nor My Justice and do not respect My Designs, being the first to flee in trials. My Blessing descend upon you at all times. I love you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-9-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
Dear children, thank you for listening to my call in your hearts. My children, be just and continue to be in the faith because only in this way will you be glorified. My children, do not waste time, I am here with a mother's love to ask you again for urgent conversion. My children, beware of wolves disguised as lambs, pray for the Church and for the consecrated so that they do not lead my children into the confusion that reigns at this time. My children, war is near and will break out without your realisation, the persecution will continue. My children, your freedom is in the balance, soon it will be taken away from you by those who believe they are gods on earth without understanding that God is only one, do not be afraid, always be in the true doctrine of the faith with strength and courage, I am here to protect you. My children, confess and feed on the Eucharist, your only salvation. Now I leave you with the love of a Mother and bless you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen.

2023-9-7 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, receive all of My Blessing. I love you every moment. I call you and send you My Divine Help to keep you on My path. There are so many human creatures who do not wish to listen to My Call nor to love Me... There are so many of My children who have exchanged Eternal Life for the debauchery in which the worldly has involved them.... Human creatures allow themselves to be dragged towards the aberrations that the Devil spreads throughout the Earth and the human creature accepts them without qualms, leading them to unimaginable acts committed by My children. Impurity multiplies at great speed and becomes more aggressive, and with this the Devil rejoices. Perversity is increasing by leaps and bounds, sins are increasing and will increase so much that Sodom and Gomorrah will be overshadowed by the sins that are already being committed and those that will be committed by human creatures. I ask you to strengthen yourselves in spirituality, in knowledge and faith to increase in each one of you, beloved children. Without knowing Me you do not walk, you will look for crutches which will serve you for a moment, but then.... I desire from My children all their love, I do not expect lukewarm children. How many say they love Me and yet live criticising their brothers, being creatures who sin in thought and deed, acting within sin with the knowledge of what is sin! Beloved ones, illnesses flare up and My children are caught unaware of all that My House has revealed to them to rid them of illnesses. Some ignore and others, those closest to My Calls, forget and remain indifferent. My children, habit is a very bad habit in all the works and acts of life. Nothing is more harmful than habit, it brings everything to a standstill in the human creature to the point of paralysing good deeds and works, good feelings which then rise from the ashes and rise again to continue only in appearances. Acting out of habit leads them to be hypocrites and to hurt those around them by losing the truth. Each of you, My children, are the architects of your own history, therefore you must strengthen yourselves spiritually, you must be creatures of unwavering faith, otherwise you will not be able to resist the enemy of the soul in the many trials that lie ahead. Pray My children, pray for those souls who at this time suffer offering to suffer for the good of all mankind. Pray My children, pray for one another, it is very necessary that you understand the urgency of heartfelt prayer. Pray My children, pray, pray, nature continues to surprise the people and the elements arrive without being expected. The water continues to rush into the cities and cause the land to sink. Pray My children, pray, men seek power based upon the pain of human creatures. Pray, My children, pray, the sun star surprises you, do not expose yourselves. Pray My children, pray, stand firm in faith being doers of My Will. Pray My children, pray that you may see the Great Miracle which My Mother under the Advocacy of Our Mother of Guadalupe keeps with her. My children, prepare yourselves spiritually, the battle is strong, it is necessary for you. It is urgent that you prepare yourselves by being firm, convinced, strong creatures who know Me. I am with you My children, remain in My Heart which burns with love in search of My sheep, I bless you. I bless you, be attentive My children, be attentive! Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-9-12 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved of the Most Holy Trinity and of Our Queen and Mother, I come to you by Divine Order. You are a privileged generation, in spite of the number of evil deeds and bad acts with which you use to offend the Heart of Our most beloved King and Lord Jesus Christ, and in spite of this, Divine Mercy overflows upon this sinful generation. What is time for the human creature is not time for the Will of God. They live thinking that nothing will happen and that they will continue to stare each other in the face for a long time, but it is no longer so, children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Humanity enters the moment in which it continues to be surprised by the force of nature, of the sun and of the universe itself. The moon is making itself felt by exerting its force on the tides. Evil is unleashing its wrath against the children of God, leading you to be frightened by the prophecies so that you may continue not to desire conversion. There are so many children of God who at every moment break the Law of God by indulging in what they consider venial sins, but they live by the base instincts of the flesh and do not decide to overcome temptations. They know that the Sacred Scriptures exist and they know them superficially, but they think they are wise in religion and in every subject that exists, they live pointing fingers at their brothers, they live adrift without commitments, they live on their whims and they increase their own errors until they become inopportune and annoying with their brothers. This is the time for them to begin the path of humility by recognizing themselves as sinners before it is too late. Human creatures have to recognize what they are: the humble, humble; the proud, proud and then initiate the inner change. Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Pray without rest and to those who mock you because you pray, do not respond, keep silent and pray for those brothers so that they convert. Children of Our Queen and Mother of the End Times: the time has come! The arm of the Father is gradually dropping the last drops of his chalice upon the earth as he lowers his omnipotent arm. The human creatures are totally divided: those who believe in the Holy Trinity and in Our Queen and Mother and those who do not believe, because there will be no room for the lukewarm. The human creature comes to make a decision: with God or against God... with Our Queen and Mother or against Our Queen and Mother.... You, do not judge because the Divine Mercy remains at all times. Live in unity and fraternity, for both fraternity and obedience to the Divine Mandates will make the Devil groan with terror and terror. You have received the blessing of the Oil of the Good Samaritan and the one that bears My Name, use them, the time has come, they are protection for you. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, mankind smitten by nauseating sins is purified. Pray My children, pray, some human creatures, finding themselves alone and confused in life, from now on will begin the path of torture at the hands of the minions of evil. A great sign in the sky occurs and Our Queen and Mother of Guadalupe astonishes mankind, showing what has not been revealed. Volcanoes, water, earthquakes and fires will continue to torture mankind; that is part of what they will face. This word is not for you to keep, but to deepen and live it in spirit and truth. My Celestial Legions are attentive to Divine Orders. Be love and all else will be given to you. I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without conceived sin.

2023-9-17 Argentina - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, receive My Love. You are My children and I protect you from falling prey to evil. You continue on the path of perdition by adopting every sin as part of daily living. They used to treat Me with respect and holy fear, but today I am an object of ridicule and My Law is continually being pushed away from human creatures, calling what is immoral, good, and tasting what is sinful. They have transgressed My Law, they have come to worship pagan gods. This generation confronts Me without bearing in mind that I am their God. They offend Me, not thinking that they are going backwards spiritually, liking to crawl on the ground like snakes. Woe to the rulers who deliver their countries into the hands of the evil one, woe to those rulers, the weight of My Justice will fall upon them. They hear of wars without knowing why, they will see nations fight against nations and the powerful, feeling the thirst for war will lead them into a Third World War. My children will suffer hunger, water will continue to invade countries and take them by surprise. The earth will open up in one place and another, the earth will shake with strong earthquakes. Beloved children, they will mock you who do believe and keep faith in My Word, but do not fear, do not suffer for it, offer Me your pains and sorrows; in the weight of My Cross I carried for you what you suffer today. Beloved children, the sun leads you into darkness. The sun is sick and directs strong geomagnetic flares towards the Earth; prepare yourselves with what is necessary for your sustenance. The human creature rejects My Calls to prepare, I feel sorry for those creatures, in the darkness they will not know how to act, living on the mercy of those who believed and prepared themselves. Pray My children, pray, the earth continues to shake strongly. Pray My children, pray for France and its president, the provocations of evil continue. Pray My children, pray for Mexico, it suffers from the shaking of its land. Keep in prayer and action, being love first. You are children of My Mercy and you despise it, the human creature desires to fend for itself, but without Me. Beloved children of My Heart: I love you ardently and protect you at all times if you allow Me to do so. The wind blows more strongly and brings suffering to some countries causing great devastation. Some of My children possess a heart of stone, those hearts will be treated harshly until they soften. My children are recognised for their love in My likeness, and to reach out to Me they must love with the same measure with which I love them. I call you to hold your faith high. Events on earth are happening one after the other with no help from one country to another. The Warning is nearer and My children are further away from Me. Enter now! into your inner chamber and without masks, into the light of Truth; see yourselves as you are so that you may mend and be converted. Children I love you, I bless you all. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-9-23 Trevignano Romano - Jesus Christ
My dear and sweet children, thank you for being here in prayer and for bending your knees. My children, pray much for the Church, for many will soon be closed. My children, prepare at home a Bible a Gospel and blessed candles, for you will need them. My children, penance, penance. You must tell the priests that their sins will weigh much heavier than those of the laity; therefore, ask the consecrated to walk the path of the true doctrine of the faith. God, my Father, is very saddened by the sins that are being perpetrated by my beloved children and that is why His Holy Wrath will come down with greater force. My children be just and you will be protected by my blessed mantle. Now I leave you with my motherly blessing, in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen.

2023-9-25 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, I come to you to give My love to those who wish to receive it. As the Mother of Humanity, I alert you to the fulfillment of the Revelations which My Divine Son has revealed to you and those which this Mother has revealed to you, as well as the revelations of My Beloved Saint Michael the Archangel. I desire that all My children be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth. Humanity has entered into spiritual confusion as they move from place to place seeking to know more and more of what the Father House reveals to them. They seek so much that they end up knowing nothing! It is the decline of the souls who think they know everything and know nothing; they will be the ones who will suffer the most as they feel abandoned, even though I have not abandoned them. Children of My Heart, these are the End Times, not the end of the world; and although there are events yet to happen, the events are unfolding slowly, one after another, until the time comes when they will happen one after the other and this will be the great chaos of humanity... ah.... Little children, there is a lack of faith in you, a lack of faith! You are approaching a time when you will see a sign in Heaven, not the one before the great warning but a strong event on earth. An event will occur that will leave human creatures in awe. A religious leader will die by unjust hands, unleashing worldwide astonishment. Beloved children, as a Mother I have My Heart bleeding for the offences of this generation towards My Divine Son and for those soon to come. I mourn for so much disregard for the gift of life. I intercede for each one of you; at all times I intercede before My Divine Son for you are all My children. Pray My children, pray for Austria, it will suffer for nature, especially for water. Pray children, pray for Turkey little children, pray promptly. Pray children, pray for Guatemala, its soil is shaking and activating its volcanoes. Pray children, Mexico is in danger, its ground is shaking; Puebla is suffering. Pray children, pray for Costa Rica, it is shaken. Pray children, pray for Argentina, chaos is coming. Children of My Immaculate Heart, adore My Divine Son present in the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar. Pray the Holy Rosary, intercede for your brothers. The planned famine is one of the scourges of this generation and one of the most severe for My children. Millions will suffer from this evil and will be defeated if they do not heed My call to prepare the blessed grapes and let them serve as food. Children, share the blessed grapes with those who do not have the means to acquire them. Share this blessing with several brethren, so that they may be multiplied to you; but do it now, before hunger and prices increase. In countries where grapes are not easy to acquire, you can have access to another fruit of similar consistency and use the same grape preparation. Faith is essential in everything and more so in the use of the medicines that Heaven has recommended to you; and in the preparation of the blessed grapes. Increase your faith by keeping closer to My Divine Son; keep Him in mind every moment and deposit in Him the daily deeds and continuous acts, so that the constant dialogue with My Divine Son may lead you to be of Him and not of the mundane. My children, sins have crossed the limits... Shame has remained far from My children... Envy swarms everywhere causing evil... My children need to love as My Son loves them; they need to be creatures of good and spread the good seed so that they bear good fruits. Children, I see again how in the different continents some peoples are burning because of the fire, and the smoke spreads to other peoples leading to the impression that the fire has spread more than it really is. Little by little everything returns to apparent normality and My children leave their homes, where they have had to stay, perceiving as they leave that the air brings with it something unnatural; and the sickness takes hold of My children for a few days. Although you experience the commotion everywhere, My Son sends new winds, clean, with greater strength, so that what you have done may be removed and you may breathe freely. My children, prepare yourselves spiritually, I will not tire of calling you to spiritual conversion. I love you children. I bless you. I protect you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-9-26 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
My daughter, there is nothing hidden that must not be revealed and nothing secret that must not be known. Pray, pray the Holy Rosary for the souls that are being lost. Man is obstinate and is leading the world to ruin, guided by Satan's command. They want to destroy Christianity, My Heart bleeds because I am continually outraged, the rulers no longer have the light of God. Many priests no longer feel the duty of their ministry, they leave me alone in the tabernacle, they have reduced my Church as a refuge for sin, impurity grows out of all proportion. Pray for the priests that their zeal and dignity may return to them. Rome has been dragged through the mire of sin, pray that the enemies do not reach the Holy Door. I ask my consecrated, do not profane my Body, listen to the Holy Spirit and not that of the world, the Holy Rosary must be propagated in families, for it will be salvation in the last times. I am with you every day, until the end of the world. Your dear Jesus.

2023-9-30 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, I come to you by Trinitarian Order. I call you to pray in unity for humanity and for the Synod to be held soon. I call you to pray for all the rulers of the nations. I call you to pray for each of your brothers and sisters, especially for those who live in spiritual alienation. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, do you desire to be at peace? Work and act in the Divine Will, you must not only feel inner peace, you must live it. It is urgent that you differentiate the signs of the times, from what is brought about by the human creature misusing technology. The earth is trembling in both places, tectonic fault lines are in motion at this time. The Sun emanating flares towards the Earth, it has interference on the Earth and strong earthquakes shake the planet. Children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, strengthen your immune system, a new disease is coming with greater force. As protection use the Good Samaritan Oil. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: Be vigilant, support each other at the signs of illness! The respiratory system is very much under attack at this and future times. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, they have manufactured weapons more dangerous than those that exist to be used against humanity itself; weapons of great reach and danger to the human creature, deadly weapons... The powers use these weapons against their brothers, unaware that a great power possesses a weapon that sweeps away all that it touches and will drive back its enemies, the great terror comes in the midst of war and causes thousands of loss of life, a dust will cause death. Place on the door of the house the medal of St. Benedict for protection; but what will stop the enemy of the soul and his minions is purity in the human creature. The state of grace is indispensable, otherwise it is difficult for them to attain the protection which comes from Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, and from Our Queen and Mother. Children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, you must remain alert to events. Use the sacramentals, not forgetting the use of the Scapular. Pray children, pray for New York, pray urgently. Pray children, pray that the Great Power of the Most High will sustain you. Pray children, pray for Argentina, it is in danger. Pray children, pray for Central America, an earthquake is coming. I bless you. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-10-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
Dear children, thank you for being here and for responding to my call in your hearts. My children, pray, pray every day that all that is to come may be mitigated, pray to my Jesus and adore Him. Children, my heart is surrounded by many thorns, the cup of sin is overflowing, pray for the Church and for priests, that they may always speak in truth. Remember that the Word of God is one and is forever and can never be changed. My children, I ask those who have the spirit of division and confusion to convert urgently, otherwise great will be their tribulation. Many graces will descend among you today, witness them. Now I bless you in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, amen.

2023-10-4 Argentina - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, I love and bless you all. Pray My children, pray with your hearts, make reparation for the offences you commit against Me and My Blessed Mother. My little children, you are loved by Me, you are loved by My Blessed Mother and by My entire House. My Mercy is infinite towards all My children, in spite of the state of sin in which they live, in spite of the contempt to which they continually subject Me, not only My lay children, but also some of My priests. Beloved children, if they repent from the heart and make a firm resolution of amendment and fulfil it, I enter into the heart of the human creature and then I attract him with the sweetness of My love so that he will desire not to leave My path. My Most Holy Mother intercedes for all of you so that you do not get lost. With pain My Justice makes Itself felt in the midst of the moment in which you are living... And you still do not convert, you continue in rebellion against your own salvation. I act with My Mercy until as a Just Judge I will act with My Justice. I come with the fire of My Love saddened by the ingratitude of My children. My children, the fire will be the scourge of mankind. They have used My Love to offend Me, to commit sacrileges, to gravely offend the Immaculate Heart of My Mother and they continue to disbelieve My Calls to conversion. The Antichrist enters the scene leading the nations towards his nefarious plan to violently monopolise and dominate human creatures. They have not believed... how much they will regret it! War manifests itself from one moment to the next, and from threats they move to this tragic decision. Ah, My children! Pray children, pray for Chile, it suffers and the earth trembles. Pray children, pray for Japan, the great earthquake comes with terrible results. Pray children, pray for Spain, communism leads it to suffer. Pray children, pray for Africa, it suffers. Pray children, pray each one for himself and for his brothers and sisters to keep the faith. You are My children, I warn you to prepare yourselves. Science misused leads mankind into danger. Do not fear, I do not abandon My people, I protect and nourish them like the birds of the field. The moment you look at My Mother radiant on high and find yourselves in grace, the sick will be healed, without fear, increasing in faith and walking hand in hand with My Mother. Carry the Sacramentals, do not forget them, without forgetting that in order for them to protect you, your spiritual state must be the right one. Be strong, firm in faith, I will never abandon you. With My People, Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-10-11 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I bless you with My Love, I bless you with My Mercy, I bless you with My Hands. My beloved ones, I invite you to pray that the enemies of human creatures, sent by the Devil, may find in each of My children the Faith, the Hope, the Love and the Wisdom necessary to be bearers of My Love and that the demons may quickly flee. At this time, true Faith in My Precepts and the vigilance to accept that which is Mine and to strongly reject that which is outside of My Truth, is imperative. The spectre of war is haunting the Middle East and haunting history. I invite you to pray in a special way this October 13th commemorating the revelations of My Mother at Fatima where She asked for peace in the hearts of Her children. Europe is suffering the consequences of this war, terror has been present and will continue to be present leading several countries to take security measures. My little children, some borders will be closed as we remain in a state of alert. Pray little children, pray with strength, pray with the Heart. Prayer achieves miracles, necessary in this time of darkness where the sun is dimming foreshadowing the continuation of the darkness in which mankind is enveloped. Terrorist acts are occurring in some countries. My children must understand that evil is advancing on earth, carrying in its hand an ancient sharp weapon, wearing a tunic bringing pain and suffering to My children. prepare, My children, prepare! Pray My children, pray for yourselves. Pray My children, pray for the human creature to return to Me. Pray My children, pray for those who do not believe and do not wish to accept reality. Pray My children, pray for Spain, Italy and France. Pray My children, pray for peace in mankind. Pray My children, the sickness advances and appears again, strengthen the body. My children, these moments of uncertainty increase, watching in amazement as all that My House has revealed to you is being fulfilled. My children's turning away from My Side and from the Maternal Love of My Blessed Mother hardens their hearts and leads them to perdition. Let each one take the helm of his life and be sure that he is in My waters. I am love, mercy, calm, fraternity, I am the One I Am. Messengers of My Love, it is urgent that you come to Me promptly, without delay so that you may save the soul. Be prayerful in your acts and deeds. Be the difference in this perverted humanity. I bless you with My Love. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-10-17 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, receive My Blessing. Faith must remain steadfast, My children. Faith is the defence of the children of My Divine Son. Beloved children, you move amidst the winds of war and pain. Darkness is covering the Earth and with the darkness comes that which causes great distress to My children. The great veil that held back the war has been torn and at this time the pain rises and human creatures live a great nightmare. The war spreads and becomes stronger moving between countries, until two great powers become involved in this nightmare for mankind. Beloved children, humanity has begun its strongest crossroads, the innocent suffer without being guilty. All human creatures should pray to repel the evil oppressor of the soul who prowls the earth, encouraging human creatures to commit terrorist acts leading humanity to live in tension. Little children, prayer is a deterrent to evil. The people who pray together are a people who desire the protection of this Mother. Prayer is a source of blessings and strengthens faith. Prayer made with the heart achieves great miracles, stops the humanly impossible, overcomes the expected and is a shield against the devil. The desert will cease to be a desert, death will cease to cause fear as it is called by those who suffer in its captivity, death being the rest of martyrdom. Pray with the heart, fast where your health permits, otherwise, fast from that which is most difficult for you. As children of My Divine Son, accompany Him in His Sorrowful Passion and take an active part in the community activities convened by the Church. Pray for the Synod and pray that it be in accordance with the Teachings of My Divine Son. Pray with the Holy Rosary in your hand and the petition in your heart. Stand united in supplication that the terrorist plan in other parts of the world, be stopped from being carried out according to the intentions of groups that are maintained in various countries. Stand strong and firm, receiving My Divine Son in the Eucharistic Food, adoring Him in the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar and being one voice crying out as humanity. The road to peace is a slow one. The human creature weaves its own misfortune by participating in what has already begun and is growing. Little children, live without participating in the crowds, these are focal points of attraction for malevolent acts, be cautious and stay away from public acts. St. Michael the Archangel and his heavenly legions stand guard over human creatures and do not abandon them. This Mother intercedes for each of you before the Trinitarian Throne. This generation, estranged from the Holy Trinity, is easy prey to evil; it has no ideals or aspirations of its own, some remain faithful to My Divine Son, but others deny His Divinity. Little children, without being partakers of what you hear regarding the religion My Divine Son founded, you stand firm, not out of fear, but out of love, out of conviction and out of faith. Without fear, but being cautious in action and deed, faithful to My Divine Son, be on spiritual alert invoking the Holy Name of My Divine Son. Be compliant to the Will of the Father without allowing ideologies contrary to the religion established by My Divine Son to penetrate your homes or the minds and hearts of your families. Be provident and stock yourselves with what is necessary, with what each one of you can and offer it to My Divine Son. At this time you must remain more united to the Holy Trinity, to this Mother, to your Guardian Angels and to the Saints of your devotion. The Angelic Legions are waiting to be invoked by you. My special blessing upon each one of you; with the protection of the Holy Trinity I bless you with My love so that it may be the badge that prevents the enemy of the soul from harming you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-10-22 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Heart: Children, how much I love you, how much I love you! My call is special. I desire that each of you bless yourselves by being aware of the spiritual moment in which you live, in this way your actions and actions will be in accordance with a true child of My Divine Son and at the same time you will bless your brothers and sisters. Children, the unity of humanity is urgent before it is too late. Pray for the innocent throughout the world that they may not be tortured or become spoils of war. You will be surprised by the violence of those who are at war outside the countries at war: humanity is under attack. Take My Call seriously, in the Temples be vigilant, persecutions are beginning without mercy. War is spreading and a greater number of children fall prey to evil, choosing the easy path in order not to be persecuted. Take seriously what is happening, you are prey to the target of terrorism throughout the Earth. Be cautious and continue in prayer and reparation, increasing faith, strengthening faith, uniting yourselves more to My Divine Son. Children, the sky is illuminated by a comet, pray the Holy Rosary without tiring. You are in the midst of critical moments for all mankind, these are moments of the fulfillment of My Revelations. The bad behavior of the children of My Divine Son attracts pain. The water appears suddenly with greater force causing serious devastation, leading them to horror from one moment to the next. Beloved children of My Divine Son and of My Immaculate Heart, unity with My Divine Son is indispensable for you to remain more attentive to the Divine Calls. Be creatures of good, keep yourselves in a state of grace, so that the continuous Divine Blessing will be poured upon you. Surrender to My Divine Son is the step you must take, now! Keep striving for conversion and live striving to stay longer and longer in a state of grace. I bless and protect you, do not fear, but be converted. Do not fear those who can only kill the body, but not the soul; fear rather the one who can destroy soul and body in hell. Be creatures of good and this Mother will keep you in her hand. Little children, do not be afraid, am I not here who am your Mother? I bless you, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-10-28 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I bring you great news: you are My great treasure and I bless each one of you who, with love and righteousness, with contrite and humbled hearts, accept this call, not as an alternative, but with the respect that as God I deserve. I desire that all be saved and come to the knowledge of the Truth. I desire that they be respectful of My Word in Sacred Scripture, be respectful of the Law. The human creature lives in one and only one reality: this is spirituality. However, they have chosen to move in two realities: one which is the one that must exist and the other which is the one that must coexist with the first. The reality is the spiritual one, the earthly one must live at the expense of the spiritual one. At this time you have delegated the guidance of your life to the mundane which keeps you as creatures who do not seek Me, do not know Me and do not love Me. They have put spirituality last by not knowing Me. They have allowed the Evil One, the oppressor of souls, to penetrate the life of each one of My children, thus managing to contaminate them, leading them towards everything that causes Me pain, towards that which leads them to perdition, and if they do not convert, to lose Eternal Life. Prayer is important, it is necessary for your good, grow spiritually, keep your trust in My House, in My Mother, in the assistance of St. Michael the Archangel. Demons are all over the Earth in search of their prey to lead them to work and act against everything that signifies My Love, but the best and greatest protection is a creature in a state of grace. This moment is not for you to continue to live in sin and worldly affairs, but to become aware of the spiritual danger of remaining enraptured in the folly of base instincts. Children, the time is dying: It is impossible for you to maintain the same living as before... It is impossible for you to commit the same mistakes, the same sins... It is important that you mature spiritually and consciously initiate an awakening. They desire gifts and virtues, but they will not possess them if they maintain the same way of acting and behaving, if they continue with the same heart of stone and if their thoughts wander into all that is improper. My children are understanding creatures, who think of their Eternal Salvation, of their neighbour and his needs. My children are creatures filled with My Love and it flows from their mouth, from their deeds and actions. It is impossible to live in isolation if they wish to grow, for they will grow in their own way saying: 'this is good, and this is how I must act and act' and that is the result of the human self that leads them where they wish to go with their human will. Another moon gives you signs in the firmament, the persecution intensifies. I have already warned you not to attend crowds, terrorism does not stop, it only takes a breath. Children you are stubborn, it is necessary for you to keep the medicines we have given you for what is to come before it is too late. Pray My children, pray, the death of a world figure in dubious conditions elevates this time of war. Pray My children, pray for Central America, its soil is shaking with strength. Pray My children, Mexico is shaking, Chile is suffering from an earthquake, Bolivia is moving strongly. Pray My children, war rages, other countries interfere, the dark scenario expands. Pray My children, pray with your heart, with your deeds and actions. Pray My children, pray for My Church. Beloved children, My word is one, do not be confused with the modernisms that run amok, do not be confused. My law is one and it does not change. Without forgetting My Love for mankind, My real Presence in the Eucharist and knowing how much you achieve with the prayer of the Holy Rosary dedicated to My Mother, you will achieve great miracles for mankind and for yourselves, respecting the Divine Will. Pray with the heart the prayer of the Holy Rosary, it is loved by My House. I invite you again to pray the Holy Rosary for all mankind. My Blessing abides in you. I love you, Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-11-2 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, My blessing is constantly abiding in you. I call you to consecrate yourselves to the Holy Spirit and to keep yourselves in a state of grace so that you do not grieve Him. Keep the Love of My Divine Son latent within you by being compassionate and merciful. Beloved children, My word received with gratitude lights your way. This Mother issues at this very moment this urgent Call to all mankind, imploring you to be aware of how much is approaching mankind in general. They are being led like sheep to the slaughter and being in this moment of pain, fear can lead them to lose faith, which is what the enemy of the soul desires. He who does not open his eyes and look at what is happening in the world is the fruit of human stubbornness... Suffering is written and it is that humanity does not wish to stop it, it continues to be one more participant on the great world stage of pain, betrayal and threats that have concluded with more war. Beloved children, pray, prepare yourselves, the darkness remains in the minds of human creatures from where it moves to Earth itself. Beloved children, pray, humanity will live in the midst of threats from terrorist groups who wish to conquer the world. Beloved children, pray, I call you to prayer with a contrite and humbled heart, being aware that you are making reparation for all that is happening at this time; therefore prayer must be deepened and active, leading you to give yourselves as a witness to your brothers and sisters, sharing bread with the hungry and being a light on the path of so many in need. Little children, be prayerful souls in every act and deed of the day to day, be great workers in the great vineyard of My Divine Son, in which there are no great creatures who stand out nor great critics of their brothers, but only great heroes in inner silence. Earth is the land of uncertainty, where security will be unknown. More countries enter the scene of war; after a slight moment, the force of evil rushes with great impiety upon humanity. In the midst of the rapidly spreading disease, My children do not lose faith, they remain assured of the Trinitarian Love for each of His human creatures. My children are strong, steadfast and resolute, they hold the assurance of the blessing of being a true child of My Divine Son. The greatest protection for a nation is a praying people, converted and convinced of the Omnipotent Greatness of the Holy Trinity. Pray children, pray for your brothers and sisters who will suffer because of the great floods and earthquakes. Pray children, pray that the Flame of the Heart of My Divine Son may be kept burning in you. Pray children, pray for your families, for the conversion of all and of humanity. Pray children, pray for strength that you may not fall. Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, I love you. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-11-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
Dear children, thank you for having responded to my call in your hearts. My children, I your Mother am still here with you to give you courage and comfort. I ask you to pray for mankind which has already denied God, pray for priests so that they may preach the freedom of the doctrine of the faith, do not be men of confusion because where confusion reigns there is no God. Do not be men of war but of peace, be you my children, an example of true faith and be light in the darkness that descends. By now the father of lies has entered families, the church and those who pray. I ask you to be with the only truth, which is God. Do not allow yourselves to be tempted by the temptation of the world, pray for these times, be neither deaf nor blind, look around you and be converted, do not wait for the fire that will come from heaven and the destruction of the earth, convert now and say with courage and without fear, that God is near and be ready for the Warning that is near. I leave you peace in your hearts and in your homes. Now I leave you with my motherly blessing in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen. Today someone will be healed in the name of Jesus.

2023-11-7 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved ones of the Holy Trinity: I come to you by Trinitarian Will to protect you and to awaken you from the wrong thoughts to which you yourselves adhere. The human creature has gone astray and will go further astray before the evil counsels which have led him to lose himself in the acceptance of that which the Law of God does not admit. They adopt inadequate behaviours by imitation and then become attached to those behaviours which become part of their daily life and cause them to fall into the depths of sin. They live inappropriately, relegating faith to the last place, and faith is a conscious act, which they must constantly guard. Pray for all mankind, this act of love is brotherhood towards your neighbour so that all may be saved. Activate the consciousness numbed by the mundane, that moving between two paths lives between the mundane and the struggle against all that is not Divine Mandate. In a continuous battle not to fall, to stand on the side of Our beloved King and Lord Jesus Christ: Awaken the conscience so that you do not live in the worldly only in the personal, but live in that longing for your own and your brother's salvation! You know that your conscience must be confronted with the right and wrong deeds and acts that you have carried out in life, making an act of humility before God, One and Triune. You must be creatures of conscience, of truth, of brotherhood... How many brothers will tell you that all of the above is not worthwhile, that they are very worldly beliefs, that it is not true and that nothing will ever happen! You keep calm, brotherhood with those who ignore the Revelations and pray for those creatures, for they are not obliged to believe in them, but they do not believe in the Word of the Holy Scripture either. They look at the signs that are given in Heaven, they look at how the water desires to wash away the sin of the Earth and rushes heavily against the cities and villages so that mankind will look more at what is not something normal, but warnings from Heaven for His children, and they do not believe. It is ignorance, it is a conscience saturated by the mundane, it is the Devil that fills them with laziness, not only their conscience, but also grafts them with a heart of stone. You will see phenomena on high that you think you will never see. Fire will fall from Heaven in great proportions and the wind will be relentless. Children of Our Lord and King Jesus Christ, the moment is crucial: the human creature is pre-empting the Divine Plans, attacking one another until the purpose of evil is achieved, delegated to the families of world economic power, with interests in world domination to annihilate the greater part of humanity. This is the expected time, no other, this is the time when evil grows, seizing everything in its path, taking weak minds and inducing them to take part in shameful deeds and acts. Assaults will increase, deaths will be a matter of every moment for a piece of bread. Pray, children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray with the heart and the consciousness that every prayer thus made is poured out in blessing upon all mankind. So many human creatures living in ignorance of what it is to be a true child of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ! How many believe that by attending the Eucharistic Celebration and praying they have fulfilled, and instead, they attend the Eucharistic Celebration in a state of great sin in nauseating garb by not confessing their sin nor meditating prayer, but it is a mechanical thing to be fulfilled. Children, you will be taken by surprise, evil will not show signs until it appears taking revenge on the children of God. Pray, pray for Chile, it suffers for the shaking of the earth. Pray, pray for Canada, they must repent. Pray, pray for Japan, it is shaking strongly, be foresighted children. War is spreading and terrorism is shaking mankind. My Legions protect you like precious stones. St. Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-11-12 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, I love you with Eternal Love. When human creatures come to Me repentant for the faults committed by which they have offended Me and set themselves a firm purpose of amendment, their souls acquire a special radiance. That glow is seen from My House and I rejoice in it. My children, spiritual preparation is indispensable for you to remain faithful, otherwise you will fall into the hands of the infernal enemy. You ask Me: Lord, how do I convert, how do I change my life? Conversion is a personal decision, it is a change for the rest of your life, it is to leave the worldly and to be different. In times as critical as the ones you are living and will be living in the near future, you must open your mind, your heart and your reason so that you maintain the awareness that you are living the second war conflict at this time; and, in the blink of an eye, you will be living the third war conflict spread throughout the Earth. The famine in some countries will be strong, in other countries it will be less strong, though all countries will see the famine pass. The disease is spreading again, already being found in some countries in Africa, Europe and North America, from which the healthiest thing is, as far as possible, to stock up on some food and what My Household has revealed to you for health care. My calls are for the conversion of My children, of all mankind. I desire not only that you read them, but that you treasure them in your hearts so that on every occasion, in every situation, you may act and act in My Will. Beloved children, it is My desire that you be messengers of peace in the midst of any adversity and be an encouragement to those in need. You have entered the time when you will experience the true cruelty of the human creature. All will rise up against other brothers, it will be a fierce war, and My children suffer everywhere. Technological advances misused in warfare will be used and death will come for its spoils... In the midst of war the Antichrist arrives and will provide food, medicine and all that mankind needs. He will perform miracles in My Name and how many will follow him and forget about Me! Therefore, I will send My Angel of Peace so that, being My mirror, He will initiate the preaching of My love for mankind and some will be converted. Humanity will panic because of their little faith in My Promises... Allied countries will betray each other... Communism in full swing gives no respite... Beloved ones, the economy is gradually falling and the money you know at this moment will be of no use, unless you place the seal of the Antichrist on yourselves. At that time do not despair, My Angels will give you the food brought down from My House and the innocent will be delivered from so much evil. Some areas of the earth will serve as a refuge for My children. They will experience great migrations in search of fertile lands where they will feel blessed. Beloved children, the signs in Heaven will be given more often and with greater strength, you will be able to distinguish them, they will cause astonishment, but not fear. I call you once again to be different, to be more of My House, to hold high Faith, Hope and Charity. Pray My children, pray, My Church trembles strongly. Pray My children, pray for the lack of medicine to combat disease. Pray My children, pray and believe in what My House has sent you to maintain health. Pray My children, you have lived in the hands of oppressors, they have treated you as they please. Pray for Argentina My children, this land suffers because of social unrest. It will experience crises in its politics, children, prepare yourselves, be obedient, heed My calls and turn to My Blessed Mother! I bless you, Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-11-17 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved Children. As Mother of Humanity I call you to the adoration of the Blessed Sacrament of the altar, to the prayer of the Holy Rosary. Be love, as My Son is love! Prepare yourselves My children, the famine will pass from country to country, leaving its trail of pain, strengthen your faith so that you may prepare yourselves. In the face of tempting offers of health, food, clothing, many will go after the Antichrist and come to despise eternal life. The Antichrist will offer the unimaginable in order to snatch them from the right path. Given the little or no information My Son's people have about the life of My Divine Son, they do not know how they should behave so that they may be in the likeness of My Divine Son's actions and deeds. They are a society of loneliness, of pride, of rivalries, of slander, of arrogance... They do not know how to stop and look at themselves as they are! The Divine Word is scorned without regard, the human creature, empty of feelings, is heading towards the storm, from which it will be very difficult to get out. They will face the variations of the climate, each moment will be more aggressive, so much so that they will have to learn to live in hostile environments. Their skin will change, in order to resist the climate wherever they live. There will be massive migrations in search of less hostile climates, where the climate will be more hospitable than the one they will have to endure. New diseases will appear without warning, surprising mankind. These diseases will be extremely dangerous, being unknown. The beaches will be a constant danger, so much sin will be punished! The sea with its unusual behaviour will not be trusted. Children of My Immaculate Heart, be aware that the devil remains on Earth with all his minions. Confusion has come to My Son's church! You children, keep the faith firm! Pray and be love, love will overcome the obstacles. Faith at this time must be strengthened. Children of My Immaculate Heart, pray strongly for Iceland, it suffers, it suffers... Children of My Immaculate Heart, pray strongly, the devil is taking over the minds of My children to create confusion in My Son's Church. Children of My Immaculate Heart, pray strongly for Argentina, the convulsion approaches... Children of My Immaculate Heart, several volcanoes awaken with fury, Japan suffers, suffers... grow in faith, so that you will not be confused, firm faith does not move, faith that is lukewarm moves like the wind. Be creatures of peace, of love, of prudence. The blessings of the Father House remain upon those who pray and are love. My Blessing be upon each one. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-11-22 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart, I bless you with My Motherly Love. Unite yourselves in the word of Sacred Scripture and in the observance of the commandments of the Law of God. I call you to conversion so that you may resist the attacks of evil and with the help of the Holy Spirit discern above all personal acts and actions. The human creature must live each moment in unity with My Divine Son, strengthening himself spiritually. My children, the battle at this time, more than in other times, is spiritual. The devil is throwing poisoned darts at the children of My Divine Son to weaken them and he will not succeed if you are spiritually strengthened. The great change awaits this generation, but before the change is the great test, the great purification through which this generation must pass. The elements have altered, they will not be the same as before: Fire, Earth, Air and Water have changed, they will not be the same as in the past, nor will the climate on Earth. How many will migrate in search of better options to live in climates more compatible with what they are accustomed to! My children, you worry about war the moment it begins, then it is forgotten, claiming that all is well and it is not. You will witness the Third World War. The purification of humanity brings with it: great and severe earthquakes already foretold... the famine that becomes established in humanity... and the new diseases that are found on Earth and spread rapidly becoming pandemics. Because of this, by Divine Will they possess the medicinal plants with which to deal with them. This is not something that happens from one moment to the next, but is planned by the great elites who wish to stop the growth of humanity. This time is very delicate my children, so delicate that the enemy of the soul is attacking the children of My Divine Son head on with the aim of leading them to fall. Be prudent and astute so that you do not fall into the nets of the infernal enemy. Children, I invite you to pray and offer for Argentina, this land is besieged by the evil that wishes to lead you on the path of convulsion, intolerance and in the end, by the fight of brothers against brothers. Have a stock of basic necessities in your homes. Children, I call you to pray and offer for St. Francis, he is shaking with strength. I call you to turn your eyes towards My Divine Son. This land of so many cultures and which lies on the sea, will suffer the fury of nature and the purification of the water. Children, I invite you to pray and offer for California, what seems like fantasy comes to cause destruction. At this time the sea has great influence on the earth. Children, I invite you to pray and offer, the great volcanoes are awakening, some are causing great tragedies. Pray for Iceland, it is divided and a source of great pain. Children I invite you to pray and offer for Chile, Peru and Ecuador, they are suffering from a strong earthquake, as well as part of Central America is shaking. Children I invite you to pray and offer for Australia. Children: you will be witnesses of a great sign that I will give you in my invocation as Empress of the Americas, Our Lady of Huadalupe, where I protect the whole earth and the stars illuminate you. Children, have Sacramentals, do not forget the Holy Rosary, the holy water, but above all be clean of heart and seek peace with the Holy Trinity. Pray the Holy Rosary every day and I promise to go to protect each one of you if you are in a state of grace. Keep in mind that I am your Mother and I am with you. I carry you within My Immaculate Heart. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-11-29 Argentina - Archangel Michael
Beloved ones of the Holy Trinity by Divine Will I come to you. Given the urgency of the events and signs that are constantly occurring, I am sent to awaken you so that you will be ready to make a change of life, now! You are not aware of what is happening on Earth, of the constant onslaught of nature, of the suffering of brothers and sisters because of war, of the merciless pollution... The Earth has increased its rotation, time is accelerating and human creatures continue to be the same: arrogant, disobedient, conceited and do not open their eyes to stop and think about the salvation of the soul. The time is coming when each one will see the signs and signs depending on his spiritual state. A star will be a cause of fear on the Earth, it will brush lightly against the Earth's magnetic field; that will be enough for catastrophic events and they are not yet converted... Observe the tectonic faults that run through the Earth, these have been activated from deep within the Earth and the Earth is shaking with force. The layers of the Earth in some areas will shift. All of this would not be happening at this time if the human creature had prayed, lived and practised living in the likeness of our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Beloved children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: be watchful, be attentive! My Legions stand upon the earth. Prepare yourselves! Heed the call to the fulfilment of the Commandments of the Law of God and the Sacraments. Repent now! Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for all humanity. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for Central America, Argentina, Chile and Bolivia, they are shaken. Pray children of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ, pray for all mankind, the disease is spreading rapidly. Conversion is indispensable at this time of trial, of betrayal between countries, of division in the Church of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Conversion is indispensable at this time when the elements are rising up against humanity. Every step must be directed towards conversion: Take every step in the footsteps of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ... Be loving children of Our Queen and Mother... Breathe conversion... Be children dedicated to be more spiritual, to love your neighbour and to respect him in the likeness of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. We are called by God the Father to guide you, to protect you, to shelter you, to be your Companions on the Way and Messengers of God. Go on without fear. Keep faith alive, at all times faith, in every circumstance faith. We protect you if you allow us to do so. Onward People of God, walk towards Eternal Salvation. Saint Michael the Archangel. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-12-2 Argentina - Jesus Christ
Beloved children, My Eternal Love desires that those who have not come close to Me, do so now. From this place where I am addressing you, I am expanding My Love so that it may reach those who allow Me to penetrate into their hearts. I have given My Word so that you may decide to convert and thus save the soul. I am calling you so that each one of you may come to Me aware, convinced and converted that I Am Who I Am. There are so many who remain in darkness by not recognising the enemy of the soul and allow him to make you his slaves, so that you may contribute to the removal of Me from My Altars in My Temples, as well as My Mother. My beloved ones, solar flares cause serious damage, not only to communications and lighting, but to tectonic fault lines, the weather, altering them causing serious social problems. Each one possesses the freedom to accept Me or not. It is My duty to repeat to you what I suffer as I am despised and deceived by those I love. My children, the water so polluted causes damage to the carelessness of each of you and radioactive waste that endangers human life. Look up because the signs are not long in coming, the trumpets of My Angels travel the Earth with the announcement of new and serious conflicts between countries, serious atmospheric phenomena that force your brothers and sisters to change their place of residence. Pray My children, pray for Argentina, chaos is approaching. Pray My children, pray the volcanoes are activated causing many human losses. Pray children, I entrust you to protect the children. Pray children, pray for Europe, it will suffer to the point of exhaustion because of communism; it has not disappeared, but leads you to suffer. Beloved children, what My Mother prophesied is being fulfilled and you are not preparing yourselves spiritually. In the face of chaos, the human creature loses precaution and prevention and carries out unimaginable and irrational acts. Act prudently, the Antichrist smiles when he gains ground in souls. Be true, love your neighbour and renew the heart so that the tares you possess may be expelled and you possess a soft heart. Beloved children, you are being purified and you will come to see the truthfulness of my callings. Live in peace and wait to see the triumph of My Mother's Immaculate Heart. I bless your senses so that you may have them in full readiness to follow Me and grow spiritually by being reasonable to My Calls. Pray children, pray with your hearts. I bless you. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin.

2023-12-3 Trevignano Romano - Holy Father
Beloved children, thank you for responding to my call in your hearts. My children, I beseech you, convert, you have no more time, concentrate for eternal life in paradise where the Father awaits you. Beloved children, pray for my beloved Church, beware of wolves disguised as lambs who distract my flock, leading it into confusion. Beloved children (priests) you must understand that the road you are taking is the road that will lead to the abyss. I ask my pastors: be holy, upright and just, follow the true doctrine of the faith before apostasy can be proclaimed. I now bless you in the name of the Holy Trinity, Amen.

2023-12-3 Trevignano Romano - Jesus Christ
My children, now listen: here is the Light for you. I am the Light, I am the Way, I am the Truth and I am the Life, the Light of Hope. Listen to my voice: behold, you do not trust in Me! How many times have you asked Me to put an end to all the evil things that have happened, but I could not, for I had to make your enemies drop their masks. I wanted to make you see what is good and what is evil. I had to make you realise where the Church is going with the well-dressed priests, bishops and cardinals; beautiful on the outside, but putrid on the inside. Brothers, rest assured. Have faith in Me and in My Mercy, but also in My justice that will soon be seen.  Look at the signs from heaven! Look at the signs from heaven: I say not the times and the day, but these are the end times. Trust not in dates: I alone know the exact date. I would have you see with your own eyes the wicked perish. You will see very ugly things around you, but until the last day I must gather my lost sheep, even the last. This is your mission! Gather even the last of the sheep, and I shall be with you. I cannot let a single soul be lost. Unless you choose now, looking around. This year for you has been a preparation. But the year to come will be the year of revelation, but also of joy, for you will see so much. Oh! You will be with me! You are already with me! Your soul is already with me. I love you my children, I love you for your faithfulness and I accompany you in your life. Remember: be ready! I will come like a thief in the night, but always be ready. Now I bless you in the name of the Father and of my Most Holy Name and the Holy Spirit. Peace be with you and in this house, Amen.

2023-12-8 Argentina - Jesus Christ
My beloved children, I bless you all, I bless your being to turn to Me at all times. I invite you to continue by the Hand of My Blessed Mother, Intercessor of all mankind. I call you to rejoice on this very special date celebrating the Immaculate Conception of My Blessed Mother, so that you may repay Her with joy and special recognition of Her Immaculate Conception from the first moment of Her Being. My Mother is praised by all in heaven; on this date She is adorned with gold ofir for this occasion. I must tell you that My Mother has desired to share with Her children the pain of all that is happening and She wears Her white garment and Her celestial mantle to accompany Her children received at the foot of My Cross. Humanity is not moving towards good, but towards evil. Humanity is submerged in interests that do not lead it to acquire treasures for Heaven, but for Earth. My suffering and My Mother's suffering is profound as I live each moment when My children of this generation, the vast majority, will surrender to Satan and be lost. My children's faith is soft, it is not deep, but goes through various states in a moment. This leads My Blessed Mother to suffer. My beloved ones, at this time the battle for souls is fierce; the evil oppressor of My children is like a roaring lion looking for the slightest motive to tempt the weak and take his spoils. Be creatures of good, live practising charity in all its aspects, do not hold grudges that eat away at your life, be like children. Seek peace and harmony among your brothers, keep in mind that My Blessed Mother distinguished herself by her faith, by not questioning, by being docile and by being the essence of Love. Give your hands to My Blessed Mother and be love, before which there is no door that will not open. I grant her whatever she asks of Me for the good of My children. You are in a serious moment of interests, of persecutions, of falsehoods, but you are not alone; you have received a Mother who loves you and has remained with Her people and will remain with Her people until the end. You, My children, clothe My Blessed Mother with communion in a state of grace, clothe My Blessed Mother with the love you keep for Her. Be obedient children so that you may continue on the right path and practice the Commandments and Sacraments. What would become of a child of Mine separated from Me, living a particular faith without corrections and penances, without corrections to his behaviour, without love for his neighbour, absorbing all that comes to him from Me and My Mother and keeping it in his heart where peace does not remain stable, but goes from one place to another! My Mother suffers for these children of Mine who cause her so much suffering. Give My Blessed Mother your hand so that they may go on the right path. My Immaculate Mother, without possessing the slightest vestige of sin, is the Sacred Vessel from which I, as God, was born. Before Her who is the Gate of Heaven stand the souls who have walked the path of doing good, loving their neighbour, forgiving and fulfilling My Will. Beloved children, there is no other way but by being like My Mother: obedient, loving the Divine Will, being a Woman of Silence, merciful, possessing all the gifts and virtues of which the Queen of Heaven is the owner. Pure, without sin, My Mother is the Mother of humanity, always in search of Her children and welcoming the repentant sinner so that he may not feel alone, guiding him on the right path. Pray My children, receive Me in the Holy Eucharist in a state of grace. Pray My children for those who reject Me and for those who do not love My Blessed Mother. Pray for all mankind without forgetting that you must increase in faith. Pray for those who do not love Me, for those who do not love My Mother, for those who enter nauseating waters using the double-edged sword. Pray for all mankind, it is at a peak moment; remain vigilant lest My Mother, Who loves you with Eternal Love, lose you. Privileged Rose of the Heavenly Garden, Spring of crystalline water that quenches the thirst of My children, with Her Love She raises the sick and encourages them to continue. Temple of the Divine Spirit who welcomes all, despising none of His children. Beloved Mother of Mine, pathway of souls. My beloved children, I bless you on this special day. I bless your hearts. I bless your mind so that it does not let go and eat away at your soul. I bless you with My Love. I bless you with the love of My Blessed Mother. Your Jesus. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

2023-12-8 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
Beloved children, thank you for responding to my call in your hearts. I ask myself: where are my other children?  My children, I am your Mother, grieving for all those who do not accept and do not understand my presence on earth and my messages that serve for your salvation. My children, you must be strong, you would not have been chosen for this mission if I had not seen in you the strength and determination to save souls and bring them to my Son Jesus, who needs you no matter what. Do you remember what they did to my Jesus? Yet, this is the way of reconciliation. My children, pride does not make you accept my presence. I, ask the priests and bishops: do not listen to the advice of the spirit of lies but open your hearts to grace and remember that Jesus is very merciful, acknowledge your limits and your sins, otherwise God will bring down His justice on this Church, where the evil spirit has already blown. Tonight will My Son pass among you to bless you in the name of the Most Holy Trinity, Father, Son and Holy Spirit. Amen.

2023-12-12 Argentina - Holy Mary
Dearest children, I bless you with My Motherly Love. Little children: I come as Mother before each one of you. I come to bring you the word of My Divine Son so that from this moment onwards you may be creatures of good. Evil is darkening the mind, hardening the heart of unbelieving humanity, of those who are lukewarm, of My children who have a weak faith and above all of those who do not love their brothers and sisters. I come to ask each one of you to embrace the humility, simplicity, tenacity and obedience that My beloved Juan Diego had until he was heard and not because of that he changed, but I continue to be My humble son as the first day I appeared before him. Little children, mankind with their spiritual indifference is prey to the depravity that the Devil presents to them. I call My children of Mexico to be spiritually reborn from the ashes, so that prayer may be heard and thus every creature of this beautiful country may be an intercessor, so that they may minimise the events of nature, especially the earthquakes that await this nation and the violence of the volcanoes. Little children, humanity is on fire, they have not reflected that Satan's minions roam the earth grafting the poison of rebellion, vengeance, stubbornness and lies into the heart of the human creature so that at times they fall as if into quicksand and My children sink spiritually. Humanity will enter into various pockets of war thus dispersing the pain of the peoples. Be vigilant My beloved children of Europe! Be vigilant for the cold weather has arrived and with it, the fear of revolutions, which after being internal, will become wars between countries. Prayer achieves miracles, but if you do not go to the Sacrament of Reconciliation and receive My Divine Son in the Eucharist, it will be more difficult for you to follow the path which love leads at all times. They are intellectual connoisseurs of so much, but they do not practice what they learn, leaving aside the approach and growth beside My Divine Son and at My side. The destiny of mankind is one of suffering, they know it and they do not change... The onslaught of nature will be stronger and famine continues its march across the Earth, some countries will take others by force to take away the goods they possess. Little children, communism is advancing and Europe will witness this as humanity will watch in amazement as Italy is caught by surprise. Beloved little children, reflect on your actions and actions, pray, be love and make reparation for those who do not make reparation. By Divine Will I will show you what science has not yet found in the ayate, this unveiling being the hope of humanity. I bless you little children. I love you with My Motherly Love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, sinless conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

2023-12-16 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
My beloved children, thank you for responding to my call in your hearts. Today, my children, in this world in turmoil, it makes me happy to see you united in the recitation of the Holy Rosary, the strong prayer of my favourite. Prepare the bed for my Son Jesus in your heart, full of love and joy. My children, Satan thinks he has won because many do not recognise God and fall into the cauldron of lies of indifference towards their weaker brothers and sisters, creating their own god, without looking at the laws of the Creator. Pray and offer sacrifices. Now I bless you in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen.

2023-12-17 Argentina - Archangel Michael
I am Sent by the Holy Trinity. I bless you by holding My Sword aloft in the face of the onslaught of evil upon the People of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ. Every moment that you allow to pass without striving for conversion, is time that unstoppably takes you away from this personal moment of conversion and repentance. Pray with your heart, pray and ask for forgiveness for the sins of mankind, fraternity is needed at this time. The steps must always be firm and more so at this time when so many fulfilments of Prophecies are taking place. For this difficult time of temptations, of ideologies and concepts contrary to the Will of God, of rebellion against all that is of the House of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ and of contempt for Our Queen and Mother, in its consequences: the executing angel of the Divine Will passes over you and succeeds in helping few. The time is coming when in the face of darkness you must remain in your homes. The darkness that awaits you is the darkness of darknesses, and depending on the spiritual state of each creature you will see or will not see, and as you must remain in your homes with the bare necessities, that moment will seem like an eternity to you. They await the Three Days of Darkness and the great worldwide blackout. Do not ally yourselves to dates or to long unfinished years thinking that events will delay in coming to fruition... children of our King and Lord Jesus Christ, do not wait, the nations will take an armed leap at a moment's notice and the scenario of humanity changes without warning. As Chief of the Heavenly Militias, it is My duty to alert you: Do not wait children, everything has changed, from the feelings in the human creature, the weather, the sequence of earthquakes, the unexpected events of nature, the accelerated volcanic activity that will lead people to seek refuge in other places and so many elements that alert you to the change that has begun and will not stop. You be love and the rest will be done by the Motherhouse in addition. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray for change in the human creature. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray for the countries that will be left adrift, like a ship without a rudder. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray for San Francisco and for Africa, it is necessary. Pray children of the Holy Trinity, pray, Our Queen and Mother by Divine Will warns you in advance of how much is going to happen so that you will prepare yourselves, therefore, she is giving you advance notice of the spiritual preparation so that you will not be lost and resist with firm faith. Without spiritual growth you will not be able to face what is to come. The sun will embrace the earth and human creatures will suffer because of this. Though you are not alone, love for Our Queen and Mother will keep you protected, not forgetting, above all, that the proper reception of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ is like water for the human creature. In unity to the Divine Will each one must be prepared to say loudly: Who is like God, no one is like God! Children of the Holy Trinity, prepare to commemorate the Birth of Our King and Lord Jesus Christ: soften your hearts and prepare how to share with a brother to whom you can bring joy with food or a gift. I bless you. St. Michael the Archangel . Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

2023-12-22 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved children of My Immaculate Heart: These are times when difficulties are accentuated and My Children learn to be stronger. Beloved children: I come before you with My Divine Son so that He may be born... I bring Him before each of you so that each human creature may be reborn with the burning desire to be more of My Son than of the mundane. I bring before each and every human creature My Child to receive Him and soften their hearts. This December 24th is special! I have asked God the Father that every home be a manger in which My Divine Son is born in the hearts of all, giving them good as a shield against evil, giving them harmony and understanding, wisdom and faith as a protection against evil. Soften your hearts and look into the Eyes of this Child to be flooded with His Peace and His Love. In Heaven St. Michael the Archangel, His Legions and the Heavenly Choirs sing: Glory to God in Heaven and peace on Earth to men who love the Lord. Make a resolution to silence the voice of thought, which at times leads you away from My Divine Son, and in inner silence discern what you know, what I have revealed to you in all times, so that you may base that faith which must constantly grow. Beloved children, you live at a time when evil has set out to destroy families and to graft onto the human creature the desire to carry out the insinuations of the Devil to bring forward the coming of the Antichrist, leading mankind to fight people against people, nation against nation. It is a time, children of My Divine Son, a time for a single spark to erupt and war to spread throughout the Earth. Be aware that war brings with it desolation, loss of human life and the most fateful scenario that human creatures can imagine. I call you to be part of love, to be part of peace, to be part of those who pray the Holy Rosary with their hearts, to be part of constant reparation, to be part of accompanying My Divine Son in the Tabernacle, to be part of attending the Eucharistic Celebration and receiving My Divine Son worthily prepared. I call you to be part of goodness, charity, kindness and humility, characteristic of the children of My Divine Son. Beloved children, to walk upon all revelations does not make you more knowledgeable of what is to come, but to examine, to study, to understand every word of a revelation. Yes... it gives you knowledge, yes... it gives you discernment and leads you to understand that which, through revelation by Divine Will, is advanced to you. Humanity shudders at the news of the passing of an internationally known creature, which will cause worldwide consternation. Behold the force of nature advancing mercilessly upon humanity. Be mindful, My children, that what is happening at this time is part of the Plan of the Evil One; work and act without falling into the snares of evil. Resist temptation, live in adherence to The Commandments, fulfil The Sacraments and the Works of Mercy. Beloved children, dedicate every moment to work and act to glorify My Divine Child. Let every human creature rejoice, a child has come to you, who is the Saviour! With love. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

2023-12-22 Trevignano Romano - Holy Mary
Beloved children, thank you for being here in prayer. My children, I am the Mother of God and your Mother! I have protected my Son from birth and on the cross, He invested me as Mother of all mankind. This is the reason for my care for my children: to protect you! And this is what I have always done and will always do. My children, my tears continue to fall for this humanity that has cast Jesus aside. God's teachings are being interpreted in the worst of ways. My beloved Church is about to erase God's name and is taking advantage of His name to lead my children into sin. My beloved children (priests), let Jesus enter your hearts and do not be indifferent to His Word. My children, call upon Me when you are in confusion and I will take your hands to lead you to God, Who is the Way, the Truth and the Life. Now I bless you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Amen.

2023-12-24 Trevignano Romano - Jesus Christ
My daughter and sister, tell the world that even today, I am born in Spirit and will be with you. I ask you to write these words of mine, for it would be a great joy for me if all could celebrate My birth and I were presented to friends, to relatives, as the guest of honour in every home. Ask me for a grace this night and I will hear you, ask with love, with a heart clean of hatred and pride and I will be there to grant your wishes. Brothers, I would like me to be the most beautiful gift for you today, give me the place of honour at your tables, that I may fill you with joy and peace. Now I leave you with my blessing, peace in your homes and prepare for my return. Your dear Jesus.

2023-12-27 Argentina - Holy Mary
Beloved of My Heart, I come to each of you to ask for peace so that you may be bearers of My Divine Son. You continue to fail to understand the urgency of this time when you must possess peace with your brother. The confusion of God's people is great, as they do not know the Holy Scriptures in depth. I come to call you to peace, to harmony among peoples at a time when they are turning in haste towards the great conflicts of war and health which I have announced to you, without trying to seek the background of what is happening. All has been planned so that chaos will take over the whole of humanity, not only through lies, but by wearing out the organism. These are the projects of Satan who, with his minions at work on earth, have accelerated their way of tempting the human creature to take possession as quickly as possible of all that is God the Father's. They are entering into what is of God the Father. They are entering into that which mankind never thought to experience... therefore they continue to disbelieve and live in contempt of all that is Divine. They will weep for not having believed, for not having prepared themselves and because the temples will be closed. My Divine Son is Love and Mercy at all times, but the human creature, knowing that sin is against God, continues to disregard and offend My Divine Son. Some countries will change their geography due to the onslaught of nature. The world's elite have moved in to take absolute dominion over mankind and bring man into bondage to the Devil. It is time for obedience! Mankind has disobeyed too much, not taken seriously the Calls of the Divine Will; therefore sad events will befall all mankind. Nature is acting strongly at this time and will act more strongly. Not everything concerning the force of nature is a matter of science misused for man's projects. Nature possesses its own force which brings suffering to the human creature.  Countries prepare for war by accumulating armaments and manufacturing them in haste to possess what is necessary to cause as much evil as possible. The human creature will migrate to where the climate is less hostile in order to save itself and to produce food. They must know how to farm the land, there will be no food in the supermarkets. They must sow the soil as long as those who run the nations do not come to make use of nuclear energy. This generation has destined itself not to believe in the need for definitive change: they deny My Divine Son, they commit sacrilege in receiving Him, knowing that they are in sin and are indomitable. The persecution of My chosen children is not long in coming and will continue with those who fulfil the Will of the Father. The shadows of evil are present in various countries where the actions and deeds of the children of My Divine Son are contrary to the Divine Will. Beloved children: the change this generation needs is an extreme change, an inner transformation where they eliminate all the idols they possess. Conversion must eliminate and uproot all that hinders you from a true inner path, a change of heart, a renewal within with a generous spirit. Little children, you must reconsider this: at this moment each one of you must know that you are either saved or condemned and that there is no in-between. Beloved little children: whoever is in an intermediate point, look at the seriousness of this moment and decide to convert NOW! Pray children, pray for Venezuela. Pray children, pray for the Middle East. Pray children, pray for Mexico, it is shaking with strength. Pray children, pray for Italy, it trembles. Work and act for the good of the soul. Work and act for personal salvation, pray for your brothers. My Maternal Blessing is in all of you a dew that refreshes your hearts, allow Me to act. I love you, little children. Mother Mary. Hail Mary most pure, conceived without sin. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived. Hail Mary most pure, without sin conceived.

2023-12-30 Trevignano Romano - Jesus Christ
My children, now listen: here is the Light for you. I am the Light, I am the Way, I am the Truth and I am the Life, the Light of Hope. Listen to my voice: behold, you do not trust in Me! How many times have you asked Me to put an end to all the evil things that have happened, but I could not, for I had to make your enemies drop their masks. I wanted to make you see what is good and what is evil. I had to make you realise where the Church is going with the well-dressed priests, bishops and cardinals; beautiful on the outside, but putrid on the inside. Brothers, rest assured. Have faith in Me and in My Mercy, but also in My justice that will soon be seen.  Look at the signs from heaven! Look at the signs from heaven: I say not the times and the day, but these are the end times. Trust not in dates: I alone know the exact date. I would have you see with your own eyes the wicked perish. You will see very ugly things around you, but until the last day I must gather my lost sheep, even the last. This is your mission! Gather even the last of the sheep, and I shall be with you. I cannot let a single soul be lost. Unless you choose now, looking around. This year for you has been a preparation. But the year to come will be the year of revelation, but also of joy, for you will see so much. Oh! You will be with me! You are already with me! Your soul is already with me. I love you my children, I love you for your faithfulness and I accompany you in your life. Remember: be ready! I will come like a thief in the night, but always be ready. Now I bless you in the name of the Father and of my Most Holy Name and the Holy Spirit. Peace be with you and in this house, Amen.
